index,id,comments
Leshbian,8mn2y6,I used to do that and it would give me headaches (I need to drink more water). I would try using your hands to shake your hair instead. I just comb my fingers into my afro at the root along my scalp and then shake my hands. It gives me the same way and go definition of shaking saba the headache.
Piggynosepitbull,8mn2y6,Shake it with your hands instead and look into seeing a physical therapist if it doesn’t get better quickly. Neck pain is something you’ll definitely regret ignoring a couple years down the road. 
astro_nalyd,8mn2y6,Shaking hair&&&I shake my hair every morning in the shower and recently my neck has been getting a sore and hurting. should I stop shaking my hair?
tjeanite,8mn2y6,"Nah, that's just you getting stronger "
Boblazereth,8mkua7,"Nexxus humectress shampoo and conditioner!

I use it exclusively"
GiantMeteor2017,8mkua7,"As I Am Hydration Elation is THE SH!T for hydrating dry hair. It's the only thing in their line that my 4c, preternaturally dry hair seems to respond to. 

They used to send free samples online (1 time only), but I don't know if they still do that anymore."
PrincessCate,8mkua7,how does this work? i feel like bentonite clay doesn't do anything but suck all the moisture out of your hair
bigtittycam24,8mkua7,"Transitioning hair! Need new products&&&i’ve been in the process of transitioning my hair for almost a year now. 

during this transitioning process, my hair is just so unbelievably dry

Does anyone have any good shampoos and conditioners to help with this transitioning? 
And any products that’ll help when I blow dry it so it won’t be so dry? &&&thanks, i’ll give these a try! 

do you use any other moisturizers or does the shampoo and conditioner leave your hair so moisturized that you don’t need to?&&&has the castor oil helped your hair grow faster?&&&thank you so much!

I’m going to do the big chop in about a month so that I can stop using heat so much. 
I’m excited to see how my hair transforms :)"
cabernaynay,8mkua7,I heard the manuka honey deep treatment was great!
kiwitina,8mkua7,"I’ve been using Eden  Bodyworks honey hibiscus hydrating cream and the almond marshmallow serum. They both have worked wonders on my dry hair. I also just stared using carol’s daughter’s green supreme conditioner and shampoo and those get all product buildup out and make my hair incredibly soft. 
"
mslovelymakeup17,8mkua7,"I liked the Shea moisture manuka honey  & mafura oil line, but for me transitioning was pretty hard unless I had it in protective styles. I know you wanted products, but I would also try to cut out and limit heat. You will see so much of a difference, I used to use heat on my hair when I was transitioning only to find  I was actually making it more dry. My texture is 4a/4b, and my hair growth was wild along with drinking water, eating more healthier, and taking regular biotin.

I spent so much money on natural hair products that did not work out for me that I regret, but I do recommend another line called The mane choice as my hair love the shampoo and conditioner and the deep conditioner is a god send\(It's the regular one with purple and black bottles\). If you can, I would also buy a protein treatments  or you can make your own but I prefer the one ORS has. I found doing these about once a month or so helps, but I have low porosity hair so it depends.

Good luck on your natural hair journey, I found my hair actually thrived on a simple minimal routine. "
rossablue,8mkua7,Bentonite clay masks help your hair retain moisture. 
spriingcakes,8mkua7,"If I use shampoo I use a sulfate free one with natural, plant derived products. I am also transitioning. I have to moisturize at least every other day. I will use a leave in conditioner like the As I Am one, then a mositirizing cream like shea moisture curl and style milk then finish off with castor oil or a blend including that. I'm 4b and I find the castor oil locks in the moisture the longest compared to coconut oil or grapeseed oil.

"
LarryAndBarry,8mgaso,r/curlyhair sub might help in working with what you already have until your ready to take the next step. Im no expert and have lurked abit to notice some positive mentions on black castor oil (?) with strengthening and hair growth.
funkitin,8mgaso,"Leave sew-ins alone. Especially if you're trying tomake your edges healthy again. Get a few lace-fronts and baby your hair underneath. AliExpress has extremely affordable lace fronts and there are several that will give you the ""straight"" look. 

I would recommend going to see a natural hair stylist. They can sit with you and consult with you on your hair type. One of the things I've learned about my hair is that what works for one person doesn't work for another person. They can discuss your hair routine and your hair goals with you and based on your hair type create a plan with you. I spent a year watching Youtube and visiting forums using the wrong products and incorrect regimen on my hair until I broke down and just visited a reputable natural hair stylist, in just one visit, I learned A TON about how to take care of MY hair and discovered products that are best for my hair specifically beyond my hair type, to keep my hair healthy and help it grow. 

Also, don't ignore your diet. What you put into your body will affect what grows out of your head, as can stress and the environment you live in. 
"
humorismydefense,8mgaso,"My natural hair is damaged and I'm scared what the next step in&&&I never posted on here but I didn't know where to share or who could understand. I decided for the summer as a treat for myself is getting a sew in. The hairstyle was straighten long black hair. Something I always wanted as a young black girl with natural short curls. I didn't have a closure because my hair dresser thought the top of my real hair would help the fake hair blend in more. We' re taking about a closure now for the next appointment.

 It worked until it got hot. I sweat. It's currently 80 degrees. My hair can take so much heat before it succumbs back to it's natural state. Which is broken , weak and damaged from the nearly decade of always straightening it and doing whatever I could to be beautiful in society's eye. Which is having long straight hair. My hair is damaged. I recently made things worse by using a flat iron. I have not used the flat iron from my friend since that stupid day happened. 

I want to take care of myself and my hair. I'm not mentally ready to do the big chop and start over. I know myself. I will fall into a huge depression if I lose what's left of my hair. Is there a way to save and grow my hair and edges without chopping it all off?&&&After doing some research on helping my natural hair, I think doing a trim would be a good idea. And try protective hairstyles. I feel done with using flat irons and heat on it.&&&This is really good advice. I have gotten in touch with a hair dresser that deals with natural hair. So I plan to learn  everything I know to take care of my hair better. And try to pay more attention to my diet."
mslovelymakeup17,8mgaso,"Like some suggested, I would definitely keep doing protective styles and trim them off. For me personally, I would learn how to do my own hair, because in my area a lot of hairstylist do not know what they're doing in the first place and that's when I found wigs to be a great protective style but I couldn't touch braids like box braids. Also make sure to get an oil your hair and scalp likes and stick to it, I know most says castor oil helps your edges but I found my hair thrived on olive oil and massaging it in my scalp most nights.

You can try protein treatments too but you don't need to do them often just once in a while, and I would deep condition 2 times instead of 1 time a week."
ozmofasho,8mgaso,"These suggestions are all helpful. I would like to add that you can take biotin to help you're hair grow faster. You have to drink a lot of water with it, but it works. "
rossablue,8mgaso,Use a bentonite clay mask every once in a while as well. I find that the max hydration method is very time consuming and you get similar results just by doing the bentonite clay mask. 
theoreticaldickjokes,8mgaso,"You could do protective styles and grow your hair out. Slowly trim your hair until you've gotten all the damage out. Wear braids, twists, wigs, sew-ins, etc in the meantime. Don't use any heat, deep condition regularly, and just overall baby your hair.

It'll take a while, but just have some patience. You can do this. And make sure you're part of a community of natural women. We all have an emotional attachment to our hair. You got this sis! "
LaShundah,8m3qnc,My boyfriend blames my natural hair for clogging the drain in his tub.&&&[removed]
YFNJim,8lb0h6,"What is this, Holes?"
juliasdailytips,8lb0h6,"ONION JUICE OIL RECIPE FOR HAIR GROWTH&&&Onion has a lot of benefits for the hair. When you learn how to make onion juice for hair growth, you will find that it smells heavenly and your hair will love it.

You can also read FIVE REMEDIES TO COMBAT HAIR LOSS WITH THE USAGE OF ONIONS


Benefits of Onion for Hair

■Nourishes the hair follices

■Minimize breakage and thinning

 ■Anti-bacterial properties and help fight infections of the scalp.

■Reduces hair fall

■Antioxidants

■Ability to reverse the effects of premature greying.

■Provides healthy shine to hair

■Prevent Lice

■Thicken Hair

■Helps fight dandruff

■Improve blood circulation there by improving hair growth.

The smell of Onion Juice oil in the Hair is one thing that prevents people from using this natural hair growth treatment remedy, Adding essential oils to the onion juice after making it can help mask the smell of onion juice. Lemon oil and Lemongrass oil are one of the best essential oils for bad odor smell. They also have great benefits to hair. Lemon oil has antifungal properties that can help scalp control over production of oil and stimulate regrowth of hair. It also help clean the scalp by de-clogging hair follicles and prevent dandruff. Lemon grass contains citric acid, calcim, magnesium, vitamin C, pectin, and flavonoids. Lemongrass oil helps strengthen hair follicles and has antibacterial properties that promotes healthy scalp and produce healthy hair. However, if you are pregnant or nursing, do not use lemongrass oil.

HOW TO MAKE ONION JUICE

METHOD 1

■Yellow Onion has the most sulfur; key ingredient for benefits of onion)

■Chop Onion and blend it

■Strain the onion with a pantyhose or even a scarf or cheesecloth.

■Adding good scented essential oils are helpful in masking the smell. I like lemon, lavender or carrot oil.

■Apply only on the scalp

■Leave on for 1 hour (at least 15 mins)

■Shampoo hair and deep condition afterwards

METHOD 2

■Slice 3 medium size onions, depends on the quantity of oil you need

■Put 1 cup vegetable oil in a small pan or pot

■Boil on low heat for 20-25 mins or until the onions started browning

■Allow to cool and Sieve with a cheese cloth.

■Store in your bottle, you can do a hot oil treatment, apply before styling your hair or massage your scalp with it.



Bonus Tips
Onion is packed with Vitamin C, Folate, Chromium and Quercetin. It has anti-bacterial and anti-inflammation properties.

If you made Onoins juice oil would you mind sharing your outcome with us??
Would be delighted to read through and learn some few things.


[Juliasdailytips ](https://www.juliasdailytips.com/2018/05/onion-juice-oil-recipe-for-hair-growth.html)

[](https://i.imgur.com/vLSqVNX.png)"
Honeychile6841,8l2jyc,You may have low porosity hair and need a lighter oil as a sealent.
KEN_rdt_,8l2jyc,What does it say about your hair when coconut oil dries it out?&&&
Swankface87,8l2jyc,Coconut oil makes my hair dry and crunchy so I can't use it in any hair products. Try doing a few deep conditioning treatments and switching to coconut oil free products for a while and see if you notice a difference. 
eucalyptusqueen,8l2jyc,"Coconut oil doesn't hydrate, it help's lock in moisture; it prevents moisture from escaping *and* permeating the hair shaft. I don't use coconut oil on my hair either. I like castor oil for when I want something heavier, or rose oil for when I want something lighter, but mostly use a cream based leave in conditioner for daily use. "
katsqaz,8l2jyc,"Many people's hair doesn't agree with coconut oil. You can try using a different oil or making sure you're using it properly as apart of the LOC/LCO method. Personally coconut oil does nothing for my hair, I like using olive oil or jojoba"
ladyAnder,8l2jyc,"You switch to another oil. 

I cannot use coconut oil as it doesn't agree with my hair. I use it for any amount of time and my hair will become dry feeling and straw like depending on the amount. It feels very much like I used too much protein. 

However, coconut oil does not have protein in it. It helps bind protein to hair even natural proteins on the hair shaft.

So basically, from what I gathered, you're hair doesn't need it. That's not the kind of oil your hair will benefit from because hair is all different. We all can't use the same things. Luckily, there are several alternatives. 

Carrier oil's such as olive oil, sweet almond oil, joboba oil, sunflower seed oil, argan oil or grape seed all work well for hair. My personal favorites is sunflower or grapeseed oil. "
worldCitizen17,8l2jyc,"Grapeseed oil is my favorite as well...I use it after I spray aloe vera water on my hair, and before I seal everything in with a  heavy butter."
KEN_rdt_,8l23ex,"Which hair porosity type does this?&&&Ok so I’m a guy trying to grow my hair out and I’ce been trying out a lot of stuff lately to get the most suitable (yet simple) routine to help me maintain it. 

So I got to reading about Hair Porosity and tried the “water in glass” test but I don’t trust it as some of the hair just sunk, whiles some floated on the water on what i suspected to be because of surface tension. 

But after comparing the characteristics of all the porosity hair types, I assume I have a low porosity (I’m not sure on this. My hair feels smooth between my fingers and whenever I wash it, it takes about a minute to get wet. It’s mostly dry and hard cos the water just sits on top of it and evaporates) so I decided to wash it with hot water to open the cuticles and allow in moisture. 

After washing with hot water and my Cantu Cleansing Shampoo, I then used some Cantu Leave in Conditioner for Men on it (I don’t have enough money so those are the only two products I use. I sometimes add a 90% natural coconut oil once or twice a week). So what I realized was that my hair dried up super faster than normal. Normally, it takes a day before it feels dry again but this just took some few hours.

What’s the cause of this? Should I get a deep conditioner? Did I misinterpret my hair type? "
YFNJim,8l23ex,"If you have low porosity hair then you are definitely using the wrong products. You need to get products that have low/no proteins so that your hair doesn’t dry out. For example, you use products that have coconut oil in the and coconut oil is a very protein heavy oil that will completely dry and break your hair because the moisture can’t get to it. 

Instead you need to get some low porosity products. Shea moisture’s low porosity brand is a great place to start. Almond oil or Argan oils are great oils to use. And use the LCO method to ensure moisture retention. "
dyam,8l23ex,"Washing hair with hot water will definitely dry it out. You should also think about trying some new products when you can. I’d second the recommendation for shea moisture’s low porosity line. I recently switched from Cantu products to SM and have seen a world of difference in terms of moisture retention and breakage.

If you don’t deep condition regularly, you definitely should start. And you may have low porosity hair, but not all low porosity hair behaves exactly the same way. For example, I have high porosity hair but it does *not* respond well to proteins like most high porosity hair should. That being said, identifying your curl your & porosity level is definitely important, but don’t use it as an end-all be-all. Just pay close attention to your hair and see how it responds to different things. You may have to make adjustments to your routine that may not line up exactly with what “should” be done with low porosity hair."
cassiebythesea,8ky2hp,"Nervous about starting the natural hair journey&&&Hi everyone,

This is my first post ever (on this forum and generally on Reddit haha). I'm a young college student (20F) about to do the big chop and I'm completely lost. I have had natural hair for the last 5 years or so, but hidden my 4c super coily hair under box braids and twists during that time. I have essentially killed my hair for my pride as I would take the braids out and quickly put them back in; my confidence comes from my hair (thinking about that now makes me feel shallow). My hair is falling out and I have one defined bald spot hence, my movement to take on this journey to bring my hair back to health. I'm not sure whether I should go to a stylist or have my mother cut it to even lengths?

Moreover I admire my roommate, who started the journey in high school and loves her natural hair so, I think I need to start the work now. Although I know this is about learning the ways of my unique hair with time, I'm a method follower so please help me figure out how to make my own regimen. Also any youtube recommendations, really want to find my ""hair twin"". Summer is here and I have time on my hands for trial and error haha! Thanks :)"
mslovelymakeup17,8ky2hp,"1.\) Make sure the braids are not tight because that will cause tension on your scalp and hair which will cause baldness. I learned this the hard way when I was relaxed most of my young years. My hairline kinda started to recede but it's coming back in after my one year big chop. I would also learn how to style your own hair because I'm not sure where you live, but where I am nobody knows what they're doing and my hair grew a lot when I started to do it on my own.

2.\) When it comes to cutting it I would definitely recommend finding someone who is knowledgeable on hair and they can cut it OR you can do it yourself for most part of your hair and let someone do the back. I didn't do that but I know most did.

3.\) As far as youtube goes, I don't have someone to recommend because I am 4a/4b but you can always type 4C natural hair in the search box and see what you can find."
