index,id,comments
lola4555,88ugce,Are hair clips okay for growing your hair out?&&&[removed]
beat_of_rice,88mmqz,I love got2be max hold
jamlesstoast,88mmqz,"Styling gel that is as strong as edge/control or pomade?&&&Hello all. Type 4 hair natural. 

I want to know what’s the...heaviest gel/styling cream/product you’ve used on your hair and liked? Edge control and pomades lay my edges. I tried applying these two to strands of hair and it’s defines my hair way more than gel. However, using a whole thing of edge control or pomade for a braidout/wash n go, seems uncommon and probably not the best for hair. Is there a gel/cream that’s as strong(hold wise) as edge control or pomade? Thank you. &&&Have you tried this with a wash n go or braid out?(or both) I have the got2b glued black container and only tried it on my edges. Lasts long, have you noticed any knotting during the week?"
lola4555,88iooe,I feel like my hair is breaking in the front&&&[removed]
AdamantiumFoil,88a9bh,"So, I just started exercising in the evening and you inspired me. Yesterday before I worked out I spritzed my hands with a little water, worked it in, added oil, then braided it in 6 chunky braids, tied on a scarf. Did my workout, showered. Then in the morning, fluffed out my braids, pinned it back into a really cute style! Easy, quick, keeps my hair stretched... game changer.

Thanks for posting this!!"
Cheekie_Smiles,88a9bh,"I have a question, about scarfs. How do you put one on and where do you get one? 
"
d0ntreadthis,88a9bh,"Looking for a way to look after my hair when doing lots of exercise. Any suggestions?&&&I have natural hair which is about shoulder length. I do a lot of exercise each morning before work. I usually only have about 5 mins to spend on my hair after a workout and a shower so I always just brush my hair out and put it all back in one. I can spend more time on my hair during the evenings and on the weekends though.

I'm even thinking of cutting my hair short and perming it just to make maintaining it a bit easier. What kind of hairstyles could I go for? Cainrows were convenient but they got messy really quickly, probably from sweating during exercise.

Any suggestions would be helpful

Edit: I've started doing a wash and go every other day. On the second day I tie my hair up and gel it back. Looks alright!&&&Thanks. This seems like something that'll work well since it's similar to what I do already. Any tips on getting a nice looking loose bun? I'm not great at doing hair so most of the time mine looks a little messy."
mousemarie94,88a9bh,"I work in an office. I wash my hair, condition and put in a protective style...it lasts through sweat,grime, and whatever else during the week. Then I wash it again. A protective style will save your life....whether its two strand twists, twists to a bun, braids, top bun, knots! "
s2bmd22,88a9bh,I wear my twists as a hairstyle and moisturize after exercising and oil my scalp at night. I redo every two weeks and my hair really likes the maintenance. 
tallulahbelly14,88a9bh,"I exercise in the morning too, 3-4 days a week. At night before bed I moisturise then either twist or braid my hair (10 mins). The next morning I get dressed, take my scarf off and head straight to the gym. I come back home for a shower, after which I spritz with a leave-in conditioner spray, unbraid / untwist (5-10 mins) and head out to work. It’s usually in a loose bun or ponytail of some sort. 
This seems to keep my hair in good condition but more importantly is an efficient use of time which is not something I have oodles of. 
&&&I’m not going to win any styling awards either, but YouTube has been really helpful for getting tips. Maybe have a search for quick styles by people with a similar hair type? "
