index,id,comments
ThenClerk134,9ehnuc,How did you get used to your curly hair?&&&[removed]
Blergh_MaGerks,9dyrfh,"I had a similar problem recently. Each wash yielded a large palm of hair. I had been exercising, dieting, and taking vitamins so I had no idea what I was doing wrong. Being healthy is good, right?

I realized I was also fatigued lately and generally out of sorts. I figured it was because I might get been working out too hard. I called my general practitioner office and talked to a nurse, who asked me to read my vitamins. Nothing I took had iron in it. I had also stopped eating a lot of meat. Annnd icing on the cake, I have a heavy flow. I had made myself anemic, and fatigue and hair loss are symptoms. She had me change my vitamins and diet. I'm supposed to check in with them in two to three months if I don't see improvement.

Changed my diet to more dark greens, red meat, meat in general, and stopped working out so hard. In a month my hair loss is reducing. Ive been tracking my loss with photos, but I'm not sure how to post a pic here in the comments.

Tl:Dr - evaluate your diet and vitamin intake. Something is off balance, and making small improvements can help greatly."
Jasmina095,9dyrfh,"Go to the Doctor Hun is the best way to know what ia going in on, if is this Extreme for ya. "
Zion99,9dyrfh,"How's your diet? My hair was shedding in insane amount after being on a vegan diet for a few months. I wasn't getting the full nutrients I need so my body took it from my hair which caused terrible shedding. Evaluate if you made nay significant changes in your life (stress, diet, weight gain, illness etc) then if you can't pin point anything you've done differently, go to a doctor. "
bdd4,9dyrfh,"It's probably hormonal. My hair fell out so much, I put it in a zip lock and kept it in the closet like a crazy cat lady. Also, up your iron stores. "
ladyAnder,9dyrfh,"I would go to a doctor. Because if your hair is is shedding to that extent, it might not be caused by anything external it might be internal. "
lenea26,9dyrfh,"My hair is falling out in clumps I need help please!!!&&&Hey reddit people! I have natural hair it’s always been natural I cut it all off two years ago and I’ve been trying to grow it back ever sense! Well recently (within the last 2 months) my hair sheds way more than it use too like 4x as much! When I wash my hair  or comb my hair mid week I separate my hair into 8 sections (4 on each side) and I will get 15-20 strands at a time from each section! These strands aren’t breaking off either they are coming out from the root!! I’ll rinse my hair and they just fall out without me even touching it!

To some this may seem normal and I may just be being a little dramatic but this is highly highly unusual for me and my hair is noticeably thinning out! I’m here to find some answers or some tips to help stop my excessive shedding or I fear I may actually go bald! 

***disclaimer I started using new products around this time but have since stopped since I thought I was reacting badly to them and it’s still happening! I also have a mild seborrhoeic dermatitis but I have a medicated shampoo that I use for it. &&&Thanks! I’ve been trying to think of the name of this kind of specialist but for the life of me can’t think of what they would be called a dermatologist maybe?&&&I was on the keto diet for a while but now decided to just eat what I like because we were getting ready to move! (We have since moved) I figured stress might be the cause but I don’t feel stressed out now and yet it’s still happening. I also take a daily vitamin as well as a hair vitamin (Mielle organically gummies) I’ve been trying to think of the name of a specialist that would deal with this kind of issue but coming up short. Thank you for your help"
moonchild2998,9dyrfh,"This happened to me and my doctor had me tested for lupus. It wasn’t lupus, but she gave me anti-fungal shampoos and my hair did end up growing back. "
ArcNelkul,9dqkvm,"Why does my hair do this? Is it damaged?&&&https://i.imgur.com/ZFgW2Wq.jpg

Edit: the hairs are completely attached to my head, just weirdly straight and noncompliant&&&They are still attached. I’ll be relieved if it’s just how my hair is naturally. It usually isn’t this noticeable but definitely a trait. Thanks&&&I’ve never straightened or used heat, but I had bad hair care habits for years until recently. What is scab hair?"
BooBootheFool22222,9dqkvm,Are you straitening it or stretching it? Sometimes hairs don't shrink or revert back when they are damaged but without much information given I can't tell for sure. How long have you been natural? Could be scab hair and/or hair that is just a different texture.
Worstmodonreddit,9dqkvm,Looks like normal 4c shedding to me. 
herdoftacos,9dqkvm,"Are the hairs still attached? I know I sounds dumb, but they may have just fallen out and gotten tangled up. But, if they're still attached to your scalp, it isn't necessarily damage. Lots of people have a combination of types, and I believe even more people have a few hairs here and there that will. Not. Conform. Totally normal. A lack of, say, moisture or protein would likely affect more than a few hairs here and there . "
BooBootheFool22222,9dpd30,">If you're high porosity, you'll need to make sure you wet the hair first, then seal the hair really well to retain moisture.

I JUST figured this out recently. I used to wonder why some people would recommend non-humectant or anti-humectant products but now I get it.

(I would literally murder for high density hair. my hair is fine and low density).&&&e. products can't give you something you don't have. they just help seal in moisture from water. 
do you wear your hair in a puff or ponytail? when you wet it and you style it that way the inside remains wet and the outside dries up.
are you washing with regular shampoo or non-sls shampoo or conditioner cause weekly sounds too often.
it's true that you need to balance protein/pH and moisture but dry hair is not an indicator of a need for protein or too much moisturizing. I'm of the belief  that you can never over-moisturize but my hair is damaged."
MuffinPuff,9dpd30,"What porosity are you? If you're high porosity, you'll need to make sure you wet the hair first, then seal the hair really well to retain moisture.

If you're low porosity, you'd need to soak the hair for a little bit longer (using warm water and/or steam) to make sure every strand is penetrated with moisture, then seal the hair well to lock in moisture.

You'll also have to make a note of whether or not your hair is fine, medium or coarse. If you have coarse textured hair, it may feel dry or look dry even when it's not. If this is the case, you'll have to get accustomed to the feel of moisturized coarse hair versus dry coarse hair.

If your hair breaks easily, or its very weak when stretched, a protein treatment can't hurt. 

You'll also have to consider the products you're using; Cantu products cause a build-up in my hair that makes it feel more coarse than it really is once the product dries. Also, if you spend more time in dry air than humid air, humectants will make your hair dry out in dry air.

My home has dry air, so I try my best to stay away from heavy humectants. I'm a type 4 combo, coarse strand, low porosity, and high density. I'm minimalist when it comes to hair products, so I've narrowed my product use down to 1 product recently; a cholesterol creme from sally beauty supply, [5 pound jar for $9.99](https://www.sallybeauty.com/dw/image/v2/AABJ_PRD/on/demandware.static/-/Sites-SBS-SallyBeautySupply/default/dw6ada57e8/images/large/SBS-120540.jpg?sw=1000&sh=1000&sm=fit&sfrm=png). I shampoo, then detangle with this product, brush with this product, and leave it in. My hair stays wet, literally wet to the touch for the next 3 days or more, even in my dry air."
StasiaRuth,9dpd30,"Seal. Seal. Seal, the mositure in with an oil. But also check the ingredients to those Cantu products. I found that they make my hair dry because of the amount of protein in them and Im not using them with the right products. 

Edit: Also you might wanna try a different deep conditioner... That one is notorious for not being that great for many."
_CoachMcGuirk,9dpd30,Water is a great moisturizer. Try using that.
dolceradio,9dpd30,"4C Hair--Dry; Over Moisturizing? Protein Treatment?&&&I have 4C hair (around collarbone length when stretched) that I use Cantu Shea Butter Leave-In Conditioner on. I don't use it daily, just every other day or every three days. I use Shea Moisture Raw Shea Butter Deep Treatment Masque when I wash my hair (so weekly). But my hair is soooooo dry, especially on the top and the sides. Am I over moisturizing? I heard some stuff about protein treatments, but how is that different from what I'm using/what goes into them? &&&Ok, thanks for all the considerations! Still not sure how to check for porosity, but I'll see what I can find about that. My hair stretches super well without any breakage, it just feels dry all the time. My area is alllll humid air, so I wonder what I do for that...&&&What deep conditioner would you recommend? And could be it be under $15? That student budget is limiting my options. &&&Washing with non-sulfate shampoo. The ponytail may have something to do with it, but now I'm think about how often (or not) my hair is wet and I'm trying to figure out if that is a factor. "
strangetitss,9dpd30,"So are you saying the more you put water on your hair, the more it stays moisturized? Without any product to seal in the actual moisture? Just water? "
tabby29,9dpd30,"Are you sealing your hair properly? I have 4c hair and when I moisturize I follow up with grapeseed or coconut oil and whipped shea butter on top. I have high porosity hair, so heavy sealing is a must!

Also try aloe Vera juice instead of water! I mix mine about 50/50 with water and add a couple of tablespoons of oil, I keep it in a spray bottle and spray my hair whenever I’m styling or my hair feels dry. I LOVE this stuff, it moisturizes my hair so well!"
Sandyeller,9dosvo,"Big chop&&&I’m thinking of cutting off all my hair and having like a mini fro. Not because my hair is damaged, but because I’ve played with the idea of shaving my head for awhile now. 
The only thing is I’m really nervous Its going to look bad, or my hair won’t “fro” like I want it to. 
Is there anything you guys suggest to get over the nervousness? Or what your experience was shaving your head? My hair is about halfway down my back, so it would be a pretty significant chop. &&&I’m glad to hear you liked it! I HATE styling my hair and 9/10 times it’s in a bun of some sort. Currently I’m trying to find a place that will cut my hair for a decent price. One person charges $250 for just a haircut! 

I’m not worried about if I’ll like the short style as much as I’m worried my head will look bad 😅 like I have a lump or something on my head. I’ve had short hair in the past, just not shaved. &&&Well that’s good to know since I wear my hair I’m almost every day lol. 
I’ve had short hair before and it wasn’t too bad. So, hopefully I don’t look like an idiot with it shaved &&&I actually ended up going to a barbershop and it was $20. And then I didn’t even pay because the owner paid for it himself haha. 
I think they were all shocked I actually went through with it "
ladyvamplips,9dosvo,"I shaved my head down to a 3 guard a few months ago and I absolutely love it! I went from having hair down to my lower back to shoulder length hair earlier this year and was still unsatisfied with the change because of how fast my hair grows. 

I was more worried about I would look with a shaved head, but honestly I love it. If you feel great in a slick back ponytail then you'll feel fine with a shaved head.  I roll out of bed everyday looking ready to go, my wash and gos take minutes, and I dont have to worry about having a good hair day for special events because it always looks the same. I used to hide behind my hair when it was longer, and having virtually no hair on my head has helped me build more confidence in myself. 

The only downside would be how fast it grows back but the key to it would be to pay for a good whal kit on amazon and youd be able to touch it up yourself at home like I do as long as you what guard number you prefer. 

If you've been really itching to do it I'd say give it a try, if you dont end up loving it, your hair will always grow back. "
mjslater,9dosvo,"I was nervous before my big chop because I thought I would look weird with short hair. I had a fatter face then. I was told that if you can pull off a ponytail or bun (basically being able to have your hair pulled back away from your face) you can pull off short hair. I didn’t shave it off completely just all the relaxed parts. I loved having really short hair, all I had to do was put mousse on it to get the curls to stand out and it was stylish. "
strangetitss,9dosvo,"Can you research doing it yourself? Just cut it with scissors then go over with clippers and guard? It would be considerably cheaper. I'm not sure if you want it styled a certain way but even if you cut it a little yourself and then go to a stylist, it will be a lot cheaper"
tuumbles,9dosvo,"I shaved my head a few years ago and I loved it! It was so liberating, and as someone who hates messing with her hair, I loved how low maintenance it was. I'm about to get it cut short again, I just have to find a half decent barber in my area. I'm probably not going to grow out my hair again for a while.

If you don't think you'd like a super short cut, would you prefer starting with like a tapered cut and then gradually cutting it short?"
BooBootheFool22222,9d9ss0,i can't even do box braids. i just did a lot of small twists last month and my entire upper back and my arms were sore.
Dahliacid,9d9ss0,"I always seem to finish them faster when I’m bored lol. When I plan it, it feels like it takes forever. "
Faux_extrovert,9d9ss0,"I literally keep putting off braiding my hair because of this...
I don't want to remember how big my head actually is."
burntchickentenders,9d9ss0,Lol! I combed out my locs one weekend in June and my Fitbit clocked me at about 3000 steps by the end of the first day. I spent the whole day on the couch (give or take the food/bathroom breaks) lol&&&The struggle is real! I feel like my shoulders are sculpted purely because I do my hair lol and everytime I install braids/twists I always curse the process and swear to get someone else to do it next time and then 2 to 3 months later I'm inspired by a pinterest/Instagram post to do something. It's a ridiculous cycle but I'm always happy when I'm done and that's the important part lol
crimsonros3,9d9ss0,Yeah takes me like 4 hours when I do my own 
jamlesstoast,9d9ss0,I get a whole arm workout done just from doing my hair&&&Lmao I’m in the process of doing my own box braids(I try to protective style my hair monthly) and my arms are burning! Can’t wait to finish but I’m not close to done!( thick hair problems) 
koi19,9d9ss0,I did twists across the back of my head recently and my fit bit said I was in fat burn zone by the end of it. My hair is less than 2 inches at the back since I cut it. 
strangetitss,9d9ss0,"SAME. I do my hair while watching my favorite TV show. By the end of the show or movie, Im DONE. "
indianajanes,9d75uo,"silk scrunchies can be found lots of places these days, walgreens, target I am sure. 

I also like smooth wide-toothed clips, but the kind without the rubber."
keewee89,9d75uo,"I use these bands from AliExpress which are made of a similar material as tights/stockings. I get like 40 ties for £2. Let me know if you want a link and I can pm you.

They work well on my 4c hair&&&They also sell ""silk"" ones"
moonchild2998,9d75uo,"What kind of hair ties should I be using?&&&Fairly simple question. I’m wondering what kind of hair ties I should be using. I’m scared to use rubber bands because they break off your hair, but I find a lot of hair on my other hair ties too. 

Any ideas?&&&Awesome! That’s a great deal! I’d love the link :)"
ARenee123,9d1eri,"Can you use regular conditioner as a co-wash?&&&I wanted to wash my hair and I was wondering if I could use regular conditioner as a co-wash or should I just buy a specific co wash thing? Thanks everyone :) &&&Ok that’s good thank you &&&Ok great thank you &&&Ok that’s a good idea thank you :) &&&Lol that makes sense &&&Ok those are good suggestions, thank you "
BooBootheFool22222,9d1eri,"before they invented no-poo and all the special co-washes i used to use suave's coconut condition and vo5's strawberry to co wash my hair. later on, i used tresemme because there's a lot of it in the bottle. i also used aussie's 3 minute miracle.
&&&they make lotion like shower products for people with dry skin. because you don't require it, doesn't mean it's not valid.
and i don't even co-wash."
OneNerdToRuleThemAll,9d1eri,Right 
Robinspeakeasey,9d1eri,Cowashing is like bathing in lotion. Why not go for a gentle shampoo?
Weaselpanties,9d1eri,"I’ve used conditioner as cowash, it worked well for me."
afro__ditee,9d1eri,"Shampoos can still be drying and/or stripping, even if they're gentle, (even sulfate-free ones) so sometimes you don't need or want to cleanse your hair with one as often since you don't have a lot of buildup. Co-washes cleanses the scalp and hair while also conditioning. "
glodoll,9d1eri,you dont put it in your scalp right?
jojojjn,9d1eri,yes :) I usually use whatever conditioner I have around and it tends to be the suave professional coconut conditioner. :)
otakurini,9d1eri,I do since I’ll go though it quicker.  I don’t want I use too nice conditioner for that lol
taifoodpho,9d1eri,Yes you can! I usually use herbal essences hello hydration to co-wash. 
BiancaIsVenom,9cu76m,"I had box braids I kept in for 6 weeks. I sprayed witch hazel on my scalp and rinsed it out on wash days. No shampoo/conditioner, no scrubbing. Only massaged my scalp as I rinsed. I used a t-shirt to gently dry, but I highly suggest using a microfiber towel. Oiled my braids every few days. I also wrapped my braids up at night leaving none exposed. I slept on a satin pillowcase for backup. My braids never frizzed up. If I chose to redo my edges, they could've looked brand new

EDIT: I also washed every 1-2 weeks, I think a total of 4 times in all. Makes me cringe now looking back on it. But I was looking fly tho lol"
HoneyJackNeat,9cu76m,"I do my own, so once they start getting loose or frizzy after washing, I just re-braid. I start with my edges and the top to ensure I don’t look raggedy. Also, braiding into larger chunks help with frizz when washing. Hope this helps. ☺️"
MahBubblesSW,9cu76m,"How to fix ""old"" box braids?&&&Hello, although I'm not new to getting braids, I'm a little clueless on how to keep them nice and fresh without ruining them so early. How often should I wash and moisturize my braids? And when I do, how to I fix the frizz?"
eucalyptusqueen,9cu76m,"Unless you want to go through the trouble of re-braiding, you can't really fix frizz; the best you can do it prevent it. Wrapping them up at night is your best bet. I do mine myself and they only ever last a week before I do a full re-braid because I like that really fresh look (and they start really itching around the one week mark and the only way to stop it is to wash my hair)"
Baradiche,9co272,"How to take care of my hair?&&& 

I ve kinky 4c hair. It s soft, but my scalp is dandruff prone. I used to have locks, but I ve cut it to about 1-2 inches. I wash my hair and condition once a week. Though, it always is tangled when I wake up. I don t know how to prevent this since my hair is too short to do a protective style. I comb my hair (damp/conditioned) everyday which I think I definitely shouldn t because it s increasing the amount of breakage I have. How do I prevent tangles and eliminate dandruff?

&#x200B;&&&Thank youu!&&&i think dry considering that a day after i wash I have flakes.&&&I just sleep on a satin pillow case cause the wrapping just falls off when I'm sleeping. It's been about 2 months. I use I think 3 sisters of nature leave in and some curl cream that doesn't actually curl, but is good for moisturizing.  For shampoo, I use a design essentials shampoo and conditioner. As well as a deep condition, usually once a week."
CynicalMiss,9co272,"Do you wrap your hair up when you sleep or sleep on a satin or silk pillowcase? Cotton is going to contribute to some breakage when you sleep. Also, you can probably finger detangle your hair instead of comb detangling every day. 

How long ago did you cut your hair? If it’s been a couple of months, you may need a trim. Also, you may need to find a leave in conditioner that works for you. 

I can’t help so much with your dandruff issue off the top of my head, but your diet and the current product you’re using may be contributing to this issue. It may take some time to find what works best for your hair, and moisture is going to be important for breakage and improved healthiness for your hair. "
IAmMicki,9co272,"My dandruff/dermatitis issue was cured with monthly apple cider vinegar rinses. After about a year I only need to do them a 3-4 times a year.

Equally as important : I found that I'm allergic to shea butter. My scalp catches fire with any product that includes it. I learned by process of elimination of my products. Even my allergen test did not pick up on it. "
Worstmodonreddit,9co272,What type of dandruff do you have? Do you have dry scalp? Product build up? Or seborrheic dermatitis?
ozmofasho,9co272,"I have dandruff prone hair, but it is caused by dry scalp. Here are some tips. 

1. Get a silk scarf to go with your silk pillowcase. 
2. Wash your hair with shampoo at least 1 time per week.
3. I need to wet my hair a few times per week. I will wet it in the shower, and use conditioner 2-4 times per week, but each person is different. ( I don't do this if I have a protective style that will last a week. Then I willjust  use oil or spray moisturizer to keep my hair moisturized).

4. Make sure that you are massaging the shampoo into your scalp to remove any dandruff buildup every week. 

5. When you comb or detangle.your hair, make sure you have a product that is creating a lot of slip so the tangles don't pull out more hair. I find it's easier to just detangle in the morning. Then it stays detangle most of the day. I like this paddle brush because the bristles are pliable and move with my hair. It doesn't create more tangles, and doesn't pull out my hair. It is easy to clean, and you can blow dry your hair straight with it if that's your thing. (https://www.sallybeauty.com/hair/brushes-and-combs/lightweight-cushion-less-vented-paddle-brush/SBS-680993.html?list=Search_Results#q=Paddle+brush&start=1)

6. If you have a really big problem with dandruff. Put a drop or two of tea tree oil in the shampoo you're about to use to clean your hair. Or add 5 drops in the whole bottle of shampoo.

Hope this helps."
swinesoldpearls4tea,9co272,"For tangles/protective styling you might want to look into finger twists with your choice of cream or gel, also your hair just might be long enough for cornrows, maybe with some feed in extensions if not. I didn't see it mentioned, but do you use anything at night (satin pillowcase/satin scarf) that could help you too.

As for dandruff, I'm dealing with that problem myself, but I started using an apple cider vinegar, water and tea tree oil mix for my scalp, so hears hoping to it working.

Edit: was dumb and reading Reddit on my phone and didn't read the other replies about you using a satin pillowcase, so just ignore that part."
uriggs,9co272,"Here is a great 4c natural hair blog post from a master natural hair stylist. You can learn how to deal with tangling hair and eliminating dandruff. 

5 Hair Care Tips for 4c Natural Hair - [https://byebyeparabens.com/4c-natural-hair-care/](https://byebyeparabens.com/4c-natural-hair-care/)

Hope this helps.

&#x200B;"
BooBootheFool22222,9cnsbq,"does palmer's use a lot of mineral oil in their products? sometimes you have to get away from black beauty store brands because their ingredients (like mineral oil) can be a problem. Mineral oil makes your hair and scalp dry and is probably making it tangle, it used to make my hair tangle.  you need to use a conditioner with serious SLIP, shea moisture's thick treatments like the sacha inchi oil usually slip well for me. nothing in a beauty supply store has ever worked for me like that. it's like black hair products in korean beauty supply stores, the stuff we grew up with is the worst thing to use on our hair especially when it's not relaxed.
that blue magic coconut oil had a weird reaction to water one time i was washing my hair, like it coagulated and i've only used it to protect my scalp from staining and bleach since.

also palmer's coconut oil doesn't have a lot of coconut oil in it so it might not be coconut oil that's the problem but the cheap ingredients in palmers' and blue magic."
CynicalMiss,9cnsbq,"Coconut oil could be your problem. You could try some other oils and see how you like it. I have found good success with Creme of Nature’s argan oil line (red and yellow packaging) and it is at an affordable price point where I am not scared of using it. 

I’m sure others will have lots of other ideas, as I’m not a real hair person. I transitioned for a while myself, and finally cut the last 2-3 inches of straight hair off. "
tinydog360,9cnsbq,"I use Coconut on my hair and it doesn't do much. Unfortunately my hair needed four different products to curl and become soft to touch. But hey, at least it was soft. My co worker has this shampoo that does miracles on my hair. And she isn't even black "
tranquiltb,9cnsbq,"Struggling with my transitioning hair. Help needed!&&&Hi! I have been transitioning for almost 11 months now! My hair and I definitely have a love and hate relationship. While I had perms I used Motions products and occasionally used Pantene shampoo and conditioner. But, ever since I went natural I have used a majority of Palmers olive oil with Jamaican black castor oil products (leave in conditioner, flax seed gel, shampoo, and conditioner) with Palmers coconut oil protein treatments and ‘moisture gro’ . Also, I have always used blue magic coconut oil on my hair. Combing and detangling my hair had been THE STRUGGLE! I recently started the use Aussie mega moist conditioner to help detangle my hair and it worked miracles! I have noticed that after I put all of my products in my hair it becomes coarse and hard to manage. If recently done research about coconut oil and realized that some people had the same issue. 

Could coconut oil be my problem? Or is my hair naturally this way because I’m transitioning? 

Any recommendations on products? 


&&&I forgot to mention my hair is 4b. What is yours? &&&I’ll try, and thank you for the link! &&&It doesn’t do much in a good or bad way? Like does it change the texture or is it not moisturizing? "
uriggs,9cnsbq,"Hang in there. You got this. It could be product build up on your hair. 

Here is a step by step guide to transitioning from a master natural hair stylist. I hop this helps.

[https://byebyeparabens.com/guide-to-transition-your-natural-hair/](https://byebyeparabens.com/guide-to-transition-your-natural-hair/)

&#x200B;"
