index,id,comments
anonymousobvi,9o8auu,Alipearl is where I usually get my mine I spend maybe 140 at the most for 3 bundles YouTube has a couple of review on the site. 
teddytie,9o8auu,"Fair priced quality hair for protective styles&&&I’m not sure if this post belongs here, but I’ll give it a shot. I am going to be using a weave through out this season. I was wondering if anyone knows where I can get great hair that’s not super expensive, maybe around 100-150 per bundle? Any input helps. 

Thanks in advance.
"
itsroyaltee_,9o4gle,The tea on hair porosity&&&[removed]
Chanela1786,9o3wxn,I do a lot of twists with care around my edges. I also do crochet braids. The only hairstyle I like with my natural hair is my afro because I can make it mad voluminous.
PinkNails92,9o3wxn,"Are there any other ladies put there with VERY low density hair?&&&I've seen people on YouTube and such describe their hair as low density, however I feel like I have even less hair than they do. My hair has been like this for as long as I,  or anyone who knows me, could remember but this can sometimes be disheartening because basically every other woman in my family has beautiful, dense hair. I will say though that my hair seems to be very strong as it doesn't break easily and it does grow long.

Last month I decided to loc my hair and although I'm excited for the journey the scalpiness kills me. I'm hoping my locs will thicken up and help cover that scalpiness a bit.

Just wondering if there are any other ladies out there with very low density, and how do you deal with it?"
thickumsthrow,9o3wxn,"I definitely have low density hair. Personally, I can’t pull off styles like braids and twists outs or anything without my hair looking stringy, and same scalp issue as you. Personally, I prefer doing styles in larger sections to hide my thinness? Also, even though you may have had thin hair your whole life it’s good to ask for professional help. I’m going to my doctor soon for a check up ! Oil (JBCO or Rosehip, red pimento) scalp massages has helped me grow more hair out as well. "
MuffinPuff,9o32ms,"Oil doesn't moisturize. Oil *lubricates* the hair & scalp and seals the hair strand, but it does not moisturize. Moisture only comes from water."
animousity692,9o32ms,"I’m confused about oils&&&So are oils moisturizing? On one hand I hear people talk about using oil to moisturize their scalp. Especially coconut oil. But also I thought that oil was a sealant that keeps more moisture from getting out or in. So I’m afraid of using oils on my scalp if this means it will prevent additional moisture or product that i might need to use later...

I’m asking from the vanatage point of someone trying to maintain twists.&&&Got it. Then do you what the purpose is of putting oil on the scalp? I have heard so many people say coconut oil is moisturizing too. "
hey_effie_hey,9o32ms,"Moisturizer means it contains water, oil does not contain water and is therefore not a moisturizer. Oil can help seal in moisture (this is what many people believe, but some professionals do not.)"
theprincessdiana,9o32ms,"For me personally, my scalp hates oil. It leaves it so itchy. I think you use oils on the hair strands after moisturizing it with water. "
AdamantiumFoil,9nxo8l,"You said that you cut off the matted ends, but do you get (or give yourself) regular trims all over? My hair is impossible to detangle when I need a trim, single strand knots and split ends everywhere. I went too long without one (I'd tried to do it myself but I just wasn't cutting off enough) and when I finally went to a salon I ended up getting half an inch to a little over an inch cut off all at once because they were so bad. But once they were gotten rid of, my hair was so much more manageable."
Moya1509,9nxo8l,What style are you doing after you wash?
MyOwnWorstEskimo,9nxo8l,"I have perfect little coils but they are soooooo little. They knot super easily. That may be different but...

I always kind of pull apart my ends when I do my hair every morning. Detangling all of it every day is a hassle but I try to make sure my ends are separated. I wet my hair every day with a spray bottle and put conditioner at least on the ends. And regular trims do help.

Also, at night I do loose bantu knots so they all dont get tangled in one big mess. "
TuffTitti,9nxo8l,Put some gel or grease on your ends at night when you put your hair in twists. Buy some regular kids hair barrettes - the kind for a $1-2 a pack and wrap your ends around them when  you go to bed. this will protect the ends & stop them from tangling
cocolanoire,9nxo8l,Do you trim your hair yourself or do you get it done professionally? I was watching a video where a stylist was explaining how beauty store shears are blunt and can break the hair shaft as a result. While professional shears are regularly sharpened. One thing that made a huge difference to my hair was applying my leave in products when the hair was still wet. Good luck.  
icsonia,9nxo8l,Melted or whipped Shea butter works wonders for keeping single strands away. I'm 4b as well. 
lulumajorca,9nxo8l,Are your shears good quality? I was cutting my hair with $12 goody shears for two years and they essentially gave me split ends because they're just not sharp enough. The shears that professional hairstylists use are usually upwards of $100 so I recommend getting a professional trim (unless you can afford to buy salon quality shears yourself).
n_kaye,9nxo8l,"I only detangle in the shower with conditioner, a wide tooth comb, and a denman brush "
ychirea1,9nxo8l,"Help!! 4b hair locked at the ends, how to get them out?&&&I can't seem to find a product that will leave my hair unknotted and unlocked at the ends, so I keep cutting them off. Right now I use Cantu de tangle cream after shampooing and conditioning with Shea Castor Oil. I have tried many different things including coconut oil to try to get some slip and detangling. It never fails when my hair is dry the ends knot and lock up. It looks curly at the ends but I don't want it to lock together. Please help, any advice is appreciated. Very tender headed, so pulling them apart is agonizing. I am running out of hair!!&&&I found the shea butter to be sticky and it turned white. someone told me to mix it with coconut oil. I need something to detangle&&&I just fluff and let it air dry. Sometimes at night I make parts and twists to sleep on it. But the ends are still knotted&&&no, I do it myself. Now I think I may have done some damage. &&&damn I never thought of that
I have had these scissors for three years do you think that is why my ends ball up in knots?"
ShortandRatchet,9nf1r9,How to stop hair from itching after wash day???&&&&&&It seems like no matter what product I use I itch at least two days after wash day?&&&Idk if I’m being honest? I’m confused about so many things with my natural hair haha&&&Is Maui moisture bad for you?
TuffTitti,9nf1r9,it could be your shampoo.....
chocogeek,9nf1r9,"Has this always been happening? If this is new, maybe try changing your products. Some people have a mild allergy to coconut oil or some other ingredient, so if this itching is new, it might be because of a new product you’re using. Also, if you sweat, but don’t rinse your scalp, you can itch too.

Since you mentioned braids, if you are using box braids, the treatment on them can irritate your scalp, so rinse them in vinegar and dry them before using them."
danysiggy,9nf1r9,Is your scalp dry?
Dahliacid,9ndliu,Aloe Vera in the spray bottle mixed with water. I use the lily desert brand 
PhiFifi,9ndliu,I’m trying to figure this out too ! Oils don’t seem to absorb on my hair when I add them to damp hair they only work when applied dry and washed out. I’m stumped 
VioletValkyrie,9ndliu,"I use Soultanicals. The Marula Maru Moisture Guru works wonders for me. &&&Do you do the LOC method? I've found that doing it in the order of LCO works best for my lo-po hair. After doing my leave-in/creme/moisturizer I coat my hair in pure argan oil, it seals in the moisture/hydration. Doing the oil in the original LOC method left me with stiff, dry hair that didn't absorb or maintain any moisture."
cherryjune,9ndliu,I love Aunt Jackie’s Quench leave in conditioner! I also used Beautiful Textures Tangle Taming leave in conditioner a lot. It smells so good!
justjupiter25,9ndliu,"low porosity hair&&&what are some moisturizers that work for low porosity hair?&&&I might have to try that! never used that before&&&I have tried that, but maybe ill try again with the lily desert brand &&&Never heard of it! I'm going to look into that"
Awakeat5amagain,9ndcot,"Maybe do several “mini chops” over the course of a few months - like two inches each month. Instead of chopping it all off so you don’t have to start from the beginning 


If you want to do it your self try banding your hair in small sections (like 20) and cut about 2-3 inches from each section so you can even things out - or the reverse "
indianajanes,9ndcot,"You got downvoted but I agree.  She isn’t asking about getting some complex style or chemical treatment, just a better haircut than she, w/no experience can do.  I think having a professional of any type, that can see the back of her head etc, is probably going to be better than going it alone. "
iownakeytar,9ndcot,"My two cents: don't count out all nearby stylists because you're in a predominantly white neighborhood. Call around, see if there's anyone experienced in your hair type. My stylist is white, and she's the only person who doesn't use any kind of heat on my hair when I go in for a trim. She combs it out and cuts it while it's still damp, and I've retained a lot more length since I started coming to her."
magechai,9ndcot,"Making the Big Cut&&&After over two years of trying to go natural without cutting any of my hair, I've decided to just go ahead and do it.  The way my hair has grown is such that its longest in the front and top so that I look sort of like a troll doll if I'm not wearing a headband or something. It's not doing the greatest things for my self confidence.

The issue being that up until the past year I had very little agency in what I was and was not allowed to do to my hair I don't really know... how? 

I live in a mostly white area so most black hair salons are an hour+ drive away and the ones that I'm familiar with are more focused on relaxing, straightening, etc. I was considering doing it myself but I'm worried I'll mess things up extremely badly.

Is there any advice anyone can give me? Thank you in advance."
qrtrlifecrysis,9ndcot,"Been natural for two years, I have never been to a salon. I big chopped myself with the help of a friend. I was definitely cutting for a few days after as I saw random parts that needed clipping but really it looked cute! Now I have chest length hair. Just use YouTube and this community as your bible, you can do this!"
BadMouthBarbie,9ndbkk,Try the max hydration method. Lots of info on the googles. Helps with definition for me 
BigTittiedMathBitch,9ndbkk,"Always incorporate water with all hair styling 
Make sure you condition/deep condition often
And once your hair is moisturized enough you can do wash and gos to get more curl definition, you could look up some YouTube videos on it "
VaughnVapor,9ndbkk,"Behold: [Nairobi Wrap Shine Mousse](https://www.amazon.com/Nairobi-Wrapp-Shine-Foaming-Lotion/dp/B0030F0U3Y?th=1)

Go with a slightly humectant leave-in, then comb this through and twist. You can take the twists down when they're mostly dry and get some definition on your natural curls, or wait (or heat dry) and then it will take the twist/knot/braid-  pattern. You can also use it on dry hair too to reshape curls.

&#x200B;

And I know you didn't ask, but I just found [this leave-in](https://www.amazon.com/Camille-Rose-Naturals-Honey-Hydrate/dp/B07B2MV34R?keywords=camille+rose+honey&qid=1539292762&s=Beauty&sr=1-1&ref=sr_1_1) last week and feel like it might've changed my life?"
calmlyspazzing,9ndbkk,Your hair sounds like mine and what I've found is that it's best to apply some sort of curl cream or gel (and a lot of it) when your hair is soaking wet. I love your fro though!
dryernoodle,9ndbkk,"How do I get curl definition?&&&I have been natural for a bit over a year after transitioning for six months. I usually keep my hair in protective styles (crochet braids, goddess braids etc.) but every two months I take them down wash my hair and then just sit and look at it because I don’t know what I’m doing. My hair is thick, puffy and soft. I think it’s a 4b texture because when I use curl cream I can see that there is a texture there. I’ve used 50 shades of gels, curly custards, creams, juices. My hair just soaks up the moisture and stays fluffy. I love my cottony hair but I want to figure out how to style it so that the curl comes through and all I usually just end up looking puffy. If you know of any products or methods to get definition or if your hair is like this help a girl out. For reference here’s a photo of a ‘wash and go’. [Deleted]&&&You’re probably right. It’s hard to use so much product when everything is so expensive, but flat twists and water are free so I’ll try that. Thanks for the encouragement! "
evolsievolsievol,9ndbkk,"Yes to this! Also, give a [protein treatment](https://www.sallybeauty.com/hair/hair-solutions/two-step-protein-treatment-16-oz/SBS-670510.html) a try. It’ll give structure to your hair that is missing. "
itsrik9,9ndbkk,"I’ve found that finger detangling with a ton of conditioner (and water to help when you hit snags) makes a huge difference for me. Suave Essentials conditioner has so much slip that it’s way faster to detangle. Like others have said, way more product than you think, and make sure your hair is wet when you put it in. Also, do not touch your hair until it’s completely dry. 

If you really want to go above and beyond with techniques, shingling is for sure then best way to get curl definition. Raking is a good alternative if you don’t have a ton of time. Good luck!"
justjupiter25,9ndbkk,try doing a clay wash!
lazycupcakee,9ndbkk,"I have some 4b hair and it needs to a.) moisturized, b.) coated in gel, and c.) dry when in order to have any curl definition. Also if you have low porosity hair, try to use your moisturizing products while the hair is in between wet and damp. Never dry from my experience. "
originalsoul,9ndbkk,"You probably just aren't using nearly enough product. For really kinky hair types, it takes a looooot of product to get definition. I think you're better off going with twist outs or braid outs to get a more defined look. I do like the way you're rocking it now though! An afro doesn't need super defined curls to look awesome imo"
penguincatcher8575,9ndbkk,Only brush or comb your hair with your fingers. (It May take 2-3 washes to see the definition.) i use Mane products and a light weight curl cream and it works to hold my hair. I’d also suggest finger twisting your hair
pmotivated,9ndbkk,"Shout out to you for making the big transition and fully embracing your natural crown

Questions: 

1. Are you using the LOC method? 

You should use a leave in (leave in conditioner, aloe Vera, or simply water); an oil (depending on the weather, I’d use a thicker oil during the colder months); cream (curling cream or gel suffle’)

This method helps to lock in moisture from your wash and deep condition. Sometimes you can use 1 product that does 2 of the 3. 

2. Have you checked you hair’s porosity? 

Place a strand of your hair in a cup of water, and if it: 
         Sinks: high porosity (products will leave your hair just as easily as it got in) 
         Stays surfaced: low porosity ( hair is stubborn to hydration...it’s like products need a secret password to get through) 
         In between is normal porosity 

Tips:

Aztec clay + Apple Cider Vinegar hair mask should help restore your natural hair’s texture. You can do this after taking out your braids. 

You should deep condition weekly or ever other week. Preferably with heat: use a plastic bag to capture the moisture. Use a hooded dryer, warm towel, portable dryer cap...get creative. 

Also, your hair is constantly in those protective styles for months at a time so don’t expect for your curls to be “waiting for you at the door” when you take out the style. Give it some time, weeks even. Think of it as stretching your hair on purpose. Wouldn’t you feel some type of way if you stretched/straightened your hair without heat and 30min later your curls are back? Although that wasn’t your intention, this is what your hair is doing. Take notes. 

You’re new to this. I was you once. I thought my hair was heat damaged if it didn’t curl immediately, and I wasn’t even using heat lol. Don’t freak out and don’t get scissor happy. You learn your hair as time goes by. 

It’s ok to ask others about products, but you have to find what works for you. 

Feel free to ask more questions. I’m sure there are more tips I can share. 
"
unicorns4brkfst,9ndbkk,"So much yes!! I agree with a lot of what you list  One of the biggest game changers for me has been Aztec Healing Clay. Some weeks I use it in place of a shampoo or cowash. I was SHOOK when I first put it on my hair. I even got it and ACV for my mom for her birthday. Yes, it's that serious. Best part? I use whatever is left over as a bomb facial.

Edit: I'd also like to add that knowing my hair porosity and using aloe has been a game changer too. Another tip? Wash, detangle, condition, deep condition, etc. IN SECTIONS. I find that I'm able to coat my hair using less product this way, and my hair stays moisturized longer. I have been natural 5.5 years, but 4 of those were in locs. I big chopped and am also learning my hair texture. These are all great tips! One last thing I would say though is that the water test isn't always accurate because of the temperature and density of the water, as well as it's ""hardness"". A better test for me personally was running my finger up and down the hair shaft and if I felt ridges or bumpiness, I'm high porosity. I tested that against a stand of my hair that I knew was lower in porosity so it ended up being fairly accurate for me."
webporn,9ndbkk,"Girl i looks like we have they same hair! You need need a big tub of eco styler (olive oil or argan) and clips.

Section your hair as if you're straightening it. Use little tiny sections and cover them with gel. Run your fingers through the pieces until your curls start to form. Legit think about how much gel you would use and use double that amount dont be scared to experiment. The way to get your curls to show oa to weigh them down. 

Make sure your hair is soaking wet. Id do it fresh out of the shower. And have a spray bottle to wet sections that dry.

My challenge rn is figuring out a way to use conditioner and gel together.
Hope this helps! "
Choice_EconomicsNa,9napqs,"I tried to transition for over 2(!!!) years. I find that the most effective thing to do is to cut it all off.   
And personally, I find that natural hair loves water.   
So I would spritz it regularly before styling it.  
I'm partial to the LOC method."
Robinspeakeasey,9napqs,"From my experience and observing others’ Aphogee Two Step can leave you with more curl definition after heat damage. However, that ish is super strong, and it’s not a long-term solution. My understanding it’s only meant to temporarily patch up severe cases, like if you flatironed bleached hair after swimming everyday. It can easily screw you if you don’t know what you’re doing. Somehow I was lucky that didn’t happen, but I only used it after weaker treatments seemed to make little difference. My hair was not heat damaged, I just had what seemed to be hydral fatigue."
SunnyCarol,9napqs,"Sister, train your curls back into place. Bantu nots, braids, finger coils, whatever works for your texture. You WILL have to artificially make your curls in order for them to return, you have to help them by showing them their true shape. Also, cut the straight tips, they tend to pull the curly hair straight. Oh and get an oilier shampoo and conditioner, that helps too. Hope you get them back!<3"
TuffTitti,9napqs,What shampoo & conditioner did you switch too? It's very unusual for your whole head of hair to go straight even when wet
ewoods19,9napqs,"How can I restore my curl pattern?&&&I’ve been natural for almost all my life. At least for the past 10+ years. For the past 2-3 years my hair has been in protective styles and it ended up growing pretty long and healthy. I’ve decided to wear my hair out for the past year and flat ironing it but it’s remaining healthy with my curls when wet. I had only lost curl in the front a little bit.

I recently switched my shampoo and conditioner to a different system and I noticed my curls completely fell. But my hair still remains healthy. It’s strong, shiny, soft, just really straight, even when wet. I’ve been trying to get advice on how to restore my curl pattern online but it keeps giving me information about damaged hair.

What can I do when my hair is healthy but just lost it’s curl?[This is what my hair looks like](https://imgur.com/a/9WswovX/)


Edit: so I’m not sure why but some of the comments that I’m getting aren’t showing up...at least two I’ve gotten notifications for but aren’t here. So I’m sorry if I haven’t replied!&&&😔😔😔 Man, the last thing I want to do is cut my hair lol but I understand.&&&I can look into it. Some places are really straight when it’s wet. But maybe I’ll have to have a professional do it. &&&I’ll look into it! Hopefully that works. &&&It’s called E’Tae. I’ve used part of their system (the Carmel and Buttershine) with Creme of Nature shampoo and conditioner but then I got the whole system and after one wash I saw most of my hair got straight and the back got loose. Just using the two products and the Creme of Nature was perfect. I had all my curl. So idk maybe their shampoo and conditioner didn’t react right to my hair.."
rossablue,9napqs,Maybe try Olaplex treatments at a salon. 
veronicaxrowena,9napqs,Olaplex can help repair heat damaged hair. I’d start using that if I were you. My curls have never been so defined until I started using it. 
yellow_o,9napqs,"Hi, sorry to tell you this but the information the internet is giving you is correct. You most probably have heat damage. I’ve had it myself and it was hard for me to accept and I was very discouraged. Yes your hair still looks healthy but the heat damaged your curl pattern. It’s not quite possible to restore curl pattern after heat damage because the heat changed the structure of wherever your hair is straight at. What I did was take my courage and cut the damage off little by little, until my hair grew back. It’s very sad but all it takes is a little heat. "
yemayavora,9napqs,"Are you using step 1&2 or just 3, or all of them?"
justjupiter25,9n65iz,how to blow dry type 4 natural hair&&&[removed]
Ellacute6040,9mwwhe,I use the Shea moisture black soap line and it pretty much helped with my dandruff otherwise you could use head and shoulders. I know it's not sulphate free but it's really effective.
Janine2492,9mwwhe,Vitamin E oil is great for itchy or dry scalps! 
TuffTitti,9mwwhe,"a little bit of peppermint oil, tea tree oil or eucalyptus oil in your leave-in conditioner can help."
meelzzzz,9mwwhe,"Best dandruff treatment that isnt too harsh?&&&I've recently switched from my usual dandruff shampoo to Shea moistures sulfate free shampoo. I love how the Shea moisture product doesn't dry out my hair as much, but I'm going to have to switch back because my scalp is so incredibly flaky and itchy.

Do you guys have any tips on what I could to keep using the Shea moisture shampoo while calming my scalp?&&&Thank you, I'll try the black soap line before switching back :)"
VOL03,9mw9vu,"A microwavable cap like [this](https://pydanathermalcaps.com/collections/frontpage/black-owned-heat-caps) is a lifesaver.  Very convenient, just microwave and put it on and you can easy walk around it it and do whatever."
katsqaz,9mw9vu,How often are you deep conditioning? I usually deep condition with a microwave heat cap but I've also used shower cap wrapped in towel and let it sit for like an hour both work fine
koi19,9mw9vu,"Deep conditioning + heat&&&I bleached my hair during the summer and recently tried to wash out the color which left it feeling stripped. I deep conditioned today but as I plan on dyeing again soon I want to be prepared to do another later. I just wrapped a towel about my head this time but what do you guys use to apply heat. Don't have a hair dryer in any form at the moment. Have you used the microwave caps? Other recommendations? &&&I don't usually. I only sat for about 30 minutes this time, and didn't have my usual items just an oil I use. So its a dry day "
ladyAnder,9mw9vu,"If I don't want to use my dryer, I warm up my deep conditioner until it's warm and apply it to my hair, and put on my conditioning cap. 

If you do this don't put it in the microwave. Get like a small pyrex cup or a small ramekin, put as much deep conditioner you need inside, and place it into a pot filled with a little bit of water. The water shouldn't go up any higher than half up the cup or ramekin. 

Turn on the stove and let the deep conditioner warm up gradually so you can keep the temperature in check. This takes only a few minutes. You don't want the conditioner to boil. That's wayyy too hot. You'll burn your fingers. You just want it warm. When it get to the desired temp, take it off and apply."
LordAsbel,9mv9gn,I’m guessing it’s the same one OnlyOneJess used in her dollar tree products video.
SuperBlerd,9mv9gn,Can you tell us the brand at least? Lol
roselkimberly,9mv9gn,"I Found A Dollar Edge Control GIRL, WOW!!!&&&WOW"
whatkathy,9mv9gn,ummmm but you give zero details lol
2noserings,9mu4pq,"We have similar hair types (3 b ish here) and I wore my hair in an undercut for nearly 4 years. I loved it!!! 

However, if you don’t plan on wearing it this way for an extended period of time you may want to reconsider. I say this because growing it out has been fucking terrible. I’ve been ugly for half of 2018 😂 "
herdoftacos,9mu4pq,"Getting an umdercut&&&So I'm going to be getting an undercut Thursday morning, and I'm excited, but how am I supposed to wear my hair? My boyfriend scheduled it for me (anxiety) and forgot to ask. I honestly don't know my hair type, probably somewhere around 3c around the back where I'm getting it cut, and rather dense. I usually wear it picked out, would that work? I don't want to have to ask him to call back if like, you always wear it picked out for this anyway. It makes relatively tight curls there so it tangles easily, but less so when I pick it out&&&😂😂 I think I'll really like it and want to keep it, and I'm not going past my ears so I made sure that I can cover it with the rest of my hair just in case I hate it lol plus I'm planning on getting box braids so they'll help hide it too if I don't like it"
empathalogist,9mtw98,Midstrand splits!&&&Has anyone experienced splits along along your hairshaft? I'm assuming now I have to BC because these splits will travel along along the entire length of my strands. I haven't experienced any major breakage. But I'm curious what was your solution? Do you know what caused them? &&&Same here! 
lexy-plexy,9mtw98,"I have nothing to offer you in terms of advice, but I am right there with you. Ive noticed most of my splits happen at a curve of a curl. No idea why though "
AdamantiumFoil,9mrt77,"How do you detangle? Are you absolutely sure that you're detangling thoroughly, allll the way down to the roots? When I do braid outs, my roots are thoroughly braided and don't poof up at all. Either you're not starting your braid at the root or your newest growth still has some tangles. I know that finger detangling never ever worked for me and since I started using tools to do it, my hair has flourished and grown so much with zero breakage."
MelanieSinclair1021,9mrt77,"I was in your situation a while ago, mastering the wash n go was the only way for me to stop suffering from the over manipulation I was doing with constant twist outs/braid outs. "
TuffTitti,9mrt77,can you do flat twists? If not african threading is your best option [african threading](https://www.google.com/search?q=african+threading&safe=active&source=lnms&tbm=isch&sa=X&ved=0ahUKEwictvvTjPrdAhWDVt8KHVxND8gQ_AUIDigB&biw=1440&bih=826&dpr=2)
fiery_mergoat,9mrt77,"Alternatives to braid outs/twist outs? Can't cornrow...&&&Hello, I have 4a-b textured hair, and it's quite long (just below my shoulder). I've been doing braid outs for a year and a half now, because they served as a way for me to have my hair ""out"" (that is, not braided) without it actively tangling/going static. There are two problems with this though; 1) that the braid-outs themselves seem to serve as delayed tangles, and 2) the braids never go all the way down to the root, only near it. This means when I'm detangling, there's essentially a demarcation line between the part that was braided, and the root, which makes the process even harder, and means I don't always get to comb the root thoroughly at all. I don't comb my hair every day, partly because combing ruins the braid-outs, but also partly because my hair prefers low-manipulation. This means the curl pattern will ""set"" somewhat, until it's time for me to detangle when I go to wash it. 

I know part of the problem is I don't have the most regular wash routine (once a month when I'd preferably do it once every 2 weeks - this is also when I detangle my hair), but besides that, are there any low-manipulation, low maintenance hairstyles that aren't vulnerable to matting? I cannot braid or cornrow, because I'm useless lol. I got my hair thoroughly detangled at the hairdressers the other day (she also ripped a lot of my hair out and had to cut more broken ends off than I'd started the evening with, so lesson learned) and it's currently blowdried which is making daily styling easy, but I am conscious that this state won't last forever and I can't go back to how it was. Prior to the braid-outs, I'd wear it in a puff that I'd style every day, and while the hair was always detangled, my hairline was beginning to suffer. Prior to that (transition phase and first year or two of being fully natural), I wore braids and sew-ins but stopped because they were expensive to maintain and also because my hair had grown long enough to have out on its own.

Any suggestions will be greatly appreciated!&&&I think I can, I haven't tried in a long long time. This would also address missing the roots when I'm doing the initial twist. I'll give this a go! The threading looks intriguing though, maybe I'll explore it when I'm on leave. Thank you!&&&See I did wash n go's before I discovered braid-outs and it was the other way around for me! I was always just styling it day-to-day and bothering it, whereas having braid-outs means it's at least already styled. I think a huge part of my problem is the laziness, and the fact that I detangle in prep for washing, which makes the entire process extremely long-winded (I have a lot of hair, and I'm not complaining but it also takes half a day to sort out on wash day). I need to suck it up though!&&&No, I don't detangle all the way down to the root, and the braids are a little puffy down there, I think maybe the way I wrote wasn't clear but this is (and always has been my problem). Reason I can't get down to the root is because the puffy yet free root gets tangly in a different way to the braid-out, and so the difference in texture I guess makes everything much harder and liable to break. I get as deep as I can, and this wasn't a problem for me pre braid-out, partly because I was actively detangling in between washes as a habit (daily combing and styling).

My detangling method is to wet my hair to almost-dripping, saturate with conditioner, and then a combination of finger detangling and wide tooth comb, and finally, a few pass throughs with a denman brush to make sure everything is completely knot free. This is effective for all the parts of hair I manage to reach except of course the small amount of matted hair right at my root. "
kitabita,9mrt77,"What if you try a curl and set style, like curling your hair with flexi rods or perm rods? Both styles are super cute on type 4 hair, help to stretch your hair so you won’t have to worry about your hair tangling too much, and are pretty low maintenance! You could probably style your hair with the rods, wear your hair down in a curly style for a few days and then throw it up in a puff at the end of the week if it starts to get frizzy "
lulumajorca,9mmqj8,"Tamika from JadedTresses Hair Salon offers some crucial tips for healthy natural hair and length retention&&&Natural youtuber Naturallyphilo recently posted a video of her salon visit to JadedTresses hair salon. Her hairstylist Tamika offered some great tips for healthy natural hair and length retention that often go overlooked. 

Two under rated tips she underscores:

1. Getting a hair trimmed by a professional rather than using cheap shears at home (this is essentially giving yourself split ends due to the extremely low quality of at-home use blades).  
 
2. Taking multivitmans to aid with the heath of your hair. She recommends prenatal vitamins, iron and zinc.   
 &&&I'd love to go but I'm a whole country away lol! "
msm1ssy,9mmqj8,I’ve been to her salon twice now and she is amazing! ￼
