index,id,comments
Ace_Turnip,a6j0sa,"Is scab hair a real thing?&&&Ive been natural for 5 years and my hair's around armpit length except for my crown. My crown refuses to grow past 1-2 inch in length. Ive tried everything. That area also starts itching like crazy 5 days after I wash my hair.

Anyway I visited a hair salon for an assessment,since the dermatologist told me theres nothing wrong w my scalp (I dont believe her). The stylist told me the hair in the crown is thin, broken and raggedy because it's scab hair. The scab hair is apparently a result of a congested scalp due to excess skin on the scalp. 

I didnt find any information on this online and I cant judge for myself since i cant see my own scalp. But is there really such a thing?&&&It's been six years since my last relaxer and I only wear box braids/twists once a year. You mean it takes ten years for hair to grow properly?

If it helps, my mom said I had ringworm in the back of my head when I was little (im 21 now). She said the ringworm couldve migrated to the crown&&&Wow it's such a shame... have you visited a dermatologist? I speculate that since for a lot of us, the hair in our crown area is completely different in terms of hair texture (hair type, porosity, thickness and fine vs course), that it probably requires different type of haircare. But we just don't know what kind of haircare exactly. &&&You mean with mouthwash? When would you do the rinse?"
BooBootheFool22222,a6j0sa,"i have a super hard time with my crown but only on the left side. it tangles even more than the rest of my hair and i'm not sure why.

i always thought ""scab hair"" was an euphemism for damaged hair follicles caused by lye and that some follicles never return to normal, especially if you were relaxed your entire childhood."
Starwhisperer,a6j0sa,Your scalp was probably traumatized before. This is a result. Give it five more years and it will start growing a bit longer. My hair on my edges are the same way. 
_CoachMcGuirk,a6j0sa,"I don't think that's a real thing but I do think it could be genetics or previous damage to the scalp.

At least that's what I attribute my crown struggles to :(

I don't believe it'll come back in 5 years, I've been struggling with this for 15+ years.

*added words"
quaglady,a6j0sa,"You might want to do a Listerine rinse. I have ""scab hair"" on the back of my head, and using it has cut way down on the breakage. For a while it was breaking off almost at the root."
rodparaply,a6izea,STEP BY STEP PROCESS OF HEALING AFTER HAIR TRANSPLANT&&&[removed]
AllThatGlitt3rs,a6ieax,It’s mainly about how you take care of the hair and making sure you don’t over wear the style. 
sayoco231,a6ieax,Is it possible to get individual crochet braids without damaging my hair/edges?&&&I want to get a short collar bone length style with box braids because I want to give my hair a break from styling. I was wondering if getting crochet braids individually installed would damage my hair more or less than using the cornrow method.
AllThatGlitt3rs,a6hb4k,I feel like there is definitely a concern of tension with box braids. Why not try crochet braids? Ensure to tell them not too tight. 
BrieAlysse,a6hb4k,"Do you haaaaaavvvvvve to get it braided? Like what’s the reason behind needing the braids?

I had a terrible experience the 1 time I got my hair braided as a natural. My hair was ripped out and I had so much breakage and damage. Never again. "
FriendlyShark24,a6hb4k,Me 🙋‍♀️ I’ve just put faux locks in and am so stressed about and kind of tension I can feel.  I don’t think my braids are tight but I’m still a bit paranoid!!
Port64,a6hb4k,"I had a similar experience to OP. I found a good stylist who specializes in natural hair health. She also happens to do braided styles but her main focus is health of your hair. She asked me why I wanted braids and I told her the same thing... protective style, ease of styling, etc. She is recommending we start with styles on my hair first then maybe transition to braided styles or other styles with added hair. Is there a shop near you that could do 2 strand twists? I had that done and it lasted me a bit over 2 weeks. "
carmieeee,a6hb4k,"I’ve been wearing Marley Twists off and on for the past 4-5 months and I do them myself. I taught myself how to do these styles because I don’t want others putting too much tension on my scalp. I don’t wear them tight and because I do them myself, I can retwist, freshen up, etc. as needed. There are so many YouTube tutorials from people who do it as a living. I would suggest watching these videos and paying great attention to detail but also keeping in mind that you don’t have to twist to the root or as closely to the root with these styles. Do what you have to do to keep your hair healthy. 

Edit: it’s possible to wear low tension twists and braids without it looking a mess FYI lol 

Finding good and properly detailed YouTube videos is like doing research. It takes time but you will be rewarded once you find a few that you like. I can PM you some if you want."
lakija,a6hb4k,"Tell your stylist DON’T do tight braids on the front. Be bold. It’s your hair. If they’re going to be your stylist you tell them what you need. Or find someone else. 

Don’t be scared of a style. Find someone you trust. "
thatonka,a6hb4k,"Terrified of getting my hair braided&&&Does anyone else have an illogical fear of getting their hair braided? The last time I braided my hair ( more than a year ago) my hairline was obliterated , I went to the dermatologist and he told me that all hair styles that pull at the hairline will lead to hair loss no matter what. Now my hair is growing and my hairline is healthy,  I don't know what to do with it because I am terrified of getting it braided.  My hair looks a mess right now and I can't seem to get over this fear.&&&I don't  know what else to do with it honestly.  I have tried to do some youtube styles but they end up looking terrible on me (I am pretty useless at hair styling) . I now just do a wash and go every morning but I just need variation.
"
25_timesthefine,a6d9wy,"I love the matcha conditioner but holy fuck it’s almost $40 for a jar of it. It really does condition the hair, and it’s the only thing I’ve used from the line. "
DaisyDej,a6d9wy,"I’ve been using their line for a year now. I am 4b/c as well. Because it is expensive, I buy their products from Ulta so I can get points and use those points towards future purchases.  I use decadence conditioner, melt into moisture, and curl stretcher regularly. I don’t love their gel for hold, I’d rather use their super cream for soft but defined curls. But I prefer the curl stretcher to the super cream. I don’t love their products for a twist out. However, I will mix decadence condition and water in a spray bottle to touch up my twist outs. "
Port64,a6d9wy,"What I’ve heard is that you have to use all of the products together for it to work. In my experience, even though my hair is type 4, the decadence line didn’t work for me because my hair is not porous and the protein in the Decadence line made it hard. I did not have any troubles with the regular line. If you are used to using an eco styler type gel you won’t find that type of hold with the ultra defining gel. When I got a devacut she used a styling cream and one of the gels and it came out nicely. I think the arc angel gel actually has more hold than the ultra defining gel.  If you go to Sephora you can ask for a sample so you don’t have to spend more money to try it. 

Everyone’s hair is different so what didn’t work for someone else may work for you! Try the line together and try it several times. There is a learning curve with Deva Curl and how to use the products and from what I have heard from others is that it takes a little time for your hair to adjust to DevaCurl especially if you’ve used products that are heavy, that have  silicones, if you have buildup etc. Hope you enjoy it!"
PossiblyWitty,a6d9wy,"I like the regular line. Decadence left too much buildup in my hair and made it sticky. The gel didn’t work for me, but the supercream is amazing. I’ve used all their products together, but I think you can mix and match as long as the other products you’re using are CG friendly and don’t contain sulfates. I also stopped using oils for the most part because they made my hair feel slick but never moisturized. I follow evanjosephcurls on ig and he talks about why we shouldn’t use oils. I started using NYC curls on his recommendation and I find it works really well with certain devacurl products. "
carmieeee,a6d9wy,"Doing DevaCurl Patch Test — What are you all’s thoughts on this brand? This is my first time trying it and I’ve heard nothing but good things minus the cost. The travel size bottle (3mL) of ultra defining gel cost me $10. Is it worth the cost in your opinion? FYI I’m a solid 4b/c.&&&&&&I just did a patch test on my 4b/c hair last night using ONLY the ultra defining gel and my hair came out really nice. I had already washed it using Shea Moisture’s Coconut and Hibiscus Line and moisturized with Cantu (I know I shouldn’t use Cantu but I wasn’t near my other products lol). I wanna by the holiday super curly kit now. It’s $20 for four minis: gel, buildup buster, detangler, and leave in.&&&I only used the ultra defining gel last night as a patch test and my hair came out soft and super defined. I didn’t use the creams or anything else. "
foxxa121,a6d9wy,"Not impressed for the price, I also purchased a 3pce travel set from Ulta. Gel, Decadence, can’t remember the third item. There are so many great products that are more affordable. Miss Jessie’s, As I Am, ORS, African Pride.  Forgot to say my hair is definitely in the 4 range, and super thick!!"
latisha05,a6d9wy,I LOVE the Super Curly line. I have 3c/4a hair and the shampoo and conditioner makes a major difference.  I like to also buy the products from Ulta so I can receive points. 
thenorthremembers987,a6d9wy,The big one is on sale at amazon right now for $50 :). I swooped it up for $30 during cyber Monday week! 
Beanflag,a6d3h1,"How long should my hair be for synthetic box braids?&&&(Cross-posted from Blackhair)

Hi, guys. I'm considering doing a big(ish) chop of my hair since it's so badly damaged, but I know how bad I will look with hair so short, so I want to get box braids while I'm growing it back. What's the shortest I can cut it, and still be able to get box braids? I'm thinking of cutting my hair as much as I can every time I take the braids out, until it's all healthy. Suggestions and information appreciated."
The90sarevintage,a6d3h1,"Hi! I big chopped to 3 inches or so and it was fine - I just made sure to blow it out carefully because I am tender headed. Pretty much as long as there is enough hair to attach a braid you’re good. I did notice that when my hair was shorter they would try to braid in all my edges just an fyi

Edit: I went between box braids and crochet box braids to change the tension between my hair and now after two years I’m at bra strap "
carmieeee,a6d3h1,As long as it’s not shaved it should be fine. A good 2-3 inches is perfect.
tarotisa,a68h3l,QUÉ HACE LA VITAMINA A EN TU CUERPO? QUÉ BENEFICIOS TIENE? QUÉ CAUSA LA FALTA DE ESTA VITAMINA?&&&[removed]
Ace_Turnip,a67mkf,ORS naturals buttercream leave in&&&Anybody try this product? If so what did you think?
PinkPurse12,a666wv,Without a boar brush I couldn't get hair to look neat or distribute product in hair evenly. Because I have 4c hair its a must for me. My hair is very long and doing well and Ive been using boar brush my whole life so I say its fine.
TuffTitti,a666wv,"nothing wrong with it, especially if it works for you! I tend to prefer nylon paddle brushes for my fine but thick hair 🤷🏾‍♀️"
chapine,a666wv,"Is brushing with a soft bristle brush bad?&&&Hello! I am transitioning and after a wash, I put in the Hawaiian Silky and an oil mix and thread my hair. I don't comb my hair at all because if I comb it wet, then the relaxed hair falls off. If I comb it dry, my natural hair and the relaxed hair get super tangled. I have found that brushing with a gentle brush while my hair is damp with the oil and Hawaiian Silky works best to detangle for me. I typically will wear my hair threaded for a week and moisturize with the Hawaiian Silky and oil throughout the week. 


I never really thought about it until I saw an old friend who brushes out her curls She's white and her hair is just sooooo frizzy, but she likes it that way. I know that black women never really brush their hair unless it's with a Denman brush, but I feel like they are too rough for me. I want to know if what I'm doing is super damaging to my curl pattern or the hair in any way. I have 4c hair and maybe like half a centimeter of new growth!&&&OMG! Yes, mine is nylon but has a lot of bristles and they're very soft. My hair is also fine and thick. A kindred spirit! What curl pattern do you have?&&&Thank you for the insight! I also have 4c hair! Do you brush your scalp in a circle? I know some people use the boar brush to promote hair growth but I'm reluctant to try it on my edges because they're sooooooo sparse. "
BrieAlysse,a611vv,"I don’t use heated caps but they are all over amazon.com ! I do however recommend a soft bonnet as a previous comment said. I use the Softhood Hair Dryer attachment.

You can put it on your blow dryer and there is a strap that goes under your chin and a drawstring that you can use to tighten it so it doesn’t fall off your head. It works great for deep conditioning and hot oil treatments. "
Sharbubbles972,a611vv,Recommendation for Heat Caps for Deep Conditioning Days&&&Hello! Does anybody have a recommended heated cap for deep conditioning days? I am looking at amazon for a microwaveable one... the expensive one had mixed reviews... the cheaper one has mixed reviews. Any advice is verywelcome! !
SweetTea1621,a611vv,I like my Hot Head cap!
TayBaby17,a611vv,"I don’t know about the heated caps, but have you thought about a soft bonnet dryer? They’re super cheap and you can deep condition in 20-25 min and you can use it for setting roller sets, twist outs, flexirods, etc. "
foxxa121,a611vv,"I got a no name brand from Amazon, microwaveable. Works great, however before I did that what works awesome is. Using a turban soaked in hot water. Marshall’s and TJMaxx sells the drying turbans, usually in a 2-pack.
After applying your deep conditioner, put on a plastic bag. Then wrap the hot turban around your hair, put another bag on top. Works great !!! I did this for about s year before buying the cap. Great when traveling for long periods of time too."
keto_name0529,a611vv,I have a GoldNHot soft bonnet dryer and that thing is great for deep conditioning and for drying set styles where time is an issue.
Jazzers88,a5mhaz,"Heat Damage&&&My friend recently straighten her hair and now half of her hair won’t revert properly. I literally watched her do the process and she did all the tips suggested:
- Deep Condition
- Protein Treatment 
- Heat Protectant
- Used products with hydrolyzed  wheat protein 
- keep the flat iron at 300 degrees
- only did one pass through then curled the ends for body after straightening all of her hair on 280 degrees

So we don’t understand why she still got heat damage. Any ideas? "
spntuesday,a5mhaz,"Honestly some heat affects everyone’s hair differently. But I’d also recommend a moisturizing deep conditioner, as your friend may have loaded up on protein before hand."
sqwzmahmeatybts,a5mhaz,"I agree that there's literally no way to know until you try. I've been too afraid to straighten more than 1 time per year, but some people do it 4-6 times per year without an issue.

&#x200B;

So, it could have been the specific way your friends hair reacts. I didn't see what temperature they used either, that could have a lot to do with it too."
wildhuntressophelia,a5mhaz,I also agree with this. Sometimes it's not really heat damage maybe the curls got a little lazy and heavy after all that protein so maybe she should just switch to a protein free regimen and maybe after a couple washes and deep conditioning sessions it will get back to normal.
BooBootheFool22222,a5lenl,"i used to use a twist/lock heavy dressing that was like a cream but heavier like it had oil in it from dark n lovely. they may have discontinued it because this was back when dark n lovely only had that dark brown/copper packaging. i never had any problems with flaking using this, 
now i don't use a gel at all. i only use gel for my edges or slicking back my hair for a ponytail. 

i use castor oil or aphogee gloss polisher or cantu's anti-fade/color oil.
castor oil really defines my twists. even if i only use cantu's leave in repair cream but put castor oil on the tip of the completed twist, the twist pattern is really defined when i wear a twist out. but it only lasts because i twist my hair again before bed.

usually clear oil-like serums designed to fight frizz (L'oreal has one i want to try) preserve twists or perm rod curls by not letting water in."
PinkPurse12,a5lenl,Is there a gel that works with 4c hair that will get my twist out to last 5 days not flake??&&&&&&Im confused you use gel with cream? Which products do you use exactly? Which locking cream?&&&This last 5 days? How does sweet almond oil smell and where do you buy yours?
Worstmodonreddit,a5lenl,Mousse
beautyandbrains26,a5lenl,"I use a leave in, sweet almond oil, and Camille Rose’s Almond Jai Twisting Butter for my usual twist outs. If a want a sleeker look, I’ll add a little bit of eco styler to my ends. No flaking !"
bubblegumsparkles,a5lenl,"Shea moisture curling custard, but id combine it with an oil to seal the moisture (once your hair is dry)"
curlgarden,a5lenl,adwoa beauty gel
lakija,a5lenl,"I used to use this purple lock and twist gel. I don’t remember the brand but it was great. 

[Found it. ORS brand. ](https://www.sallybeauty.com/hair/hair-styling-products/lock-and-twist-gel/SBS-311132.html) I remember it being pretty nice. "
mousemarie94,a5lenl,"Try not using gel but a cream. I use eco style gel with either braid butter(one is from shea moisture) or cream (one is the twist and lock from cantu) and a light oil which leads to no flaking and no visible product, they all blend together well. Sometimes I just use a locking cream "
panicswitching,a5lenl,Try Aunt Jessie’s Coily Custard- not really a gel but definitely keeps my curls in place after I wash/cowash.
wildhuntressophelia,a5lenl,You can try mane choice braid out glaze or the 24k gold gel. They have nice hold and I've yet to encounter flaking. 
AsterSapphire,a5db05,I use all cantu because it's affordable and it seems to work pretty well on my hair lol. Makes it really soft and mousterized!
Balphemet,a5db05,I’ve used their leave in conditioner and for a few years now and it’s done a pretty good job I’d say. I don’t really use any other products from them because they don’t work with my hair that well.
Crab7,a5db05,My son bought it. He said that it felt good on his scalp. 
Vanrayy12,a5db05,I’ve tried it. I love it. 
bchanin,a5db05,I only like their Root Rinse with Tea Tree oil in it. I also added olive oil into it and I love how it feels on my scalp- also stopped my dandruff 
beautifulgownss,a5db05,I tried it and I hated it. Too greasy and didn't absorb into my hair or scalp. 
kimbolslice,a5db05,"No, but i really like their leave in conditioners with argan oil and shea butter"
latisha05,a5db05,"Cantu Products&&&Has anyone tried the Tea Tree & Jojoba Oil? If so did you like it? 

"
n_kaye,a5db05,I’ve been thinking about getting the root rinse for the next time I do any type of braids. My build up/dandruff was out of control 
yourbestbudz,a5db05,I never used anything from them. 
BadMouthBarbie,a529jm,"The maximum hydration method is magic if you can find the time to stick with it. Google it. It’s kind of confusing, but there are really good articles on the rationale and the different variations on it. "
Blackisthenewpink,a529jm,"Deep conditioning with heat has really helped reduce frizz for my hair. I have 4a/4b type hair, but it took about 2-3 months to notice a difference. &&&With heat means using a hooded dryer, or hooded dryer attachment with a blow dryer. There are also caps that you hear in the microwave that give you the same effect , called hotheadz. You want the conditioner to penetrate the hair strands and be most effective. "
BooBootheFool22222,a529jm,"what do you mean by ""coarse""? we need so much more info &&&oh yeah OP, i thought my hair was ""coarse"" but it turns out i had low porosity and water either immediately left my hair in dry air or was immediately taken in by my hair in humid air. i feel like this is what's happening IF the health of your hair is good.

I recently found out the non-black oriented (i've used tresemme) brands' anti-frizz products work well if you don't want the super oiliness of straight up oils but oils in general seal the cuticle and keep moisture from getting in. 

another good gloss/serum is aphogee gloss polisher. heavier products (like thick cream consistency) by shea moisture and cantu weigh the hair down which is a good thing if you have high porosity or "
ChocolateGlamazon27,a529jm,Avoid heat. 
Jazzers88,a529jm,What styles are you trying to achieve that you find you have a lot of frizz with? 
Kaltuma,a529jm,"Best advice on reducing frizzy hair, I’ve tried different oils & products, but no luck. Btw I have coarse 4c hair&&&"
foxxa121,a529jm,"Trim your stray ends, I’ve found that products with a ‘jelly’like consistency is awesome for us type 4 girls.
Miss Jessie’s - coily custard, curly pudding
Camille Rose and As I Am have great leave ins and stylers that tame my frizz."
midnightslip,a529jm,"Cantu Shine and Define Custard killed my frizz. But it also has an ingredient to ""reduce hair bulk"" so make sure you pay attention to your hair the first few times you apply it. If your hair is fine, it might lose the ability to curl using this product."
mousemarie94,a529jm,Is your hair healthy? I went through a period of mistreating my hair (burning with no moisture adding help for weeks in end) and wondering why the frizz was so strong. 
shida206,a529jm,Are you deep conditioning with heat?  What is your hair porosity?  What is your hair density? How thick are your strands?  We need more information.   4C only tells us your curl pattern but it isn't enough to tell us what your hair needs.
spntuesday,a529jm,Can we hear your current routine? It’ll help us with where to start. And if you’d be willing to offer a picture that could help too!
trieditgum,a529jm,On straight hair or natural?
