index,id,comments
TurnDown4Naps,8iy0gf,"What's your moisturizing routine like post wash and between washes? 

Your hair doesn't seem to have a breakage problem (at least from the pictures. I didn't see any hard angled strands or excessive white dots), but maybe it's a tangling problem that could stem from lack of moisture (which in turn leads to breakage). I had that problem for a long time and only recently figured it out. "
bbcreampapapa,8iy0gf,When was your last trim? 
outofideas007,8iy0gf,I'm sorry my comment isn't helpful but those curls are amazing!
scarletwitchy,8iy0gf,"Is This Breakage?&&&Hey guys! 

I've come over from the black hair reddit in order to seek more advice when it comes to my natural hair and breakage. To give you all a little backstory, I've been wearing wigs for a while with my hair braided underneath. I washed my hair over a week ago and my last wash day was horrible. My past few wash days have been really bad honestly (so bad that I did wash my hair less), and I was really close to giving up and relaxing my hair. Today, I've decided against giving up and giving in to relaxing. I plan to improve my wash day and daily moisturizing routines. Since I've been doing a pretty shit job at detangling, I was wondering if the thinner parts of my hair were actually breakage. If so, would deep conditioning every week truly save my hair without having to get it cut?

Thanks in advance! (I've linked two pictures to show my hair!)

https://i.imgur.com/oa7cVfQ.jpg
https://imgur.com/l61wd0h&&&Haha wow, thank you! Your comment is helpful in a way! As I literally came SUPER close to relaxing my hair, this really makes me proud of my hair. I'm so extra lmfao, but thank you! &&&Every night or every other night I'll either just re-wet my hair with water using a spray battle and/or I'll do the LCO method. I just bought some new products that I actually feel are working for the first time in forever. 

I assumed it was breakage because in comparison to the new growth, my hair looks really thin and ""see through."" Hopefully weekly deep conditioning and these new products would help out! &&&I did a slight trim on Thursday while my hair was braided. This helps me to trim much easier because I can see whether or not my ends look like trash or not lol. "
WhizzGames,8iuzb3,Two Ponytails/Puff Balls On Natural Hair&&&[removed]
wesmellthecolor9,8ipssk,"Life saver ""Pocket bonnets"" for long natural hair&&&I thought I would let everyone know about these (since I had no idea they existed until recently); [Pocket Bonnet](https://www.amazon.com/Satin-Pocket-Bonnet-Assorted-Color/dp/B003I5ZMDY). I can only speak on this particular brand (although a quick Google search gives other options.), but it's so nice not to have to wrangle my hair into traditional bonnets. Other names I found for similar products are: braid bonnet, dread bonnet, and stocking cap.

My hair is pretty long but the real problem is it's VERY thick. These type of bonnets stay on all night! I like this particular one because instead of an elastic that will stretch with time it has strings you tie back. I would recommend for thick hair, long hair, and medium length dreads. 

Disclaimer: I bought two to gift one to my bf but his dreads were too long and heavy for this one. He wears a larger one with an elastic band that has since stratched, so we started using headbands to keep on his head at night. "
BoxedBoobs,8ijh6x,"Thanks for sharing! I think there is so much misinformation about protective styling that any benefits that could happen to hair when installed and cared for properly are often not seen because of so many “stylists” and “certified” braiders hustling us into thinking skintight braids are normal. 

I know some women who have had success with protective styles and others who haven’t. I’m glad you found what works for you! My problem was I would lie to myself and convince myself that my hair being tucked away was a good thing, but I wasn’t keeping up with real hair maintenance between installs (deep conditioning, protein treatments, regular trims to avoid single strand knots). Combine that with the fact that I have little patience and would rip through my hair when detangling lead to lots of breakage that I would try to pass off as shedding. Ugh. Those were the dark days!

"
Hummus_Hole,8ijh6x,"Nice realization.  My hair grew fast when I would wear braids.  But the health of my hair felt like it suffered (dry, brittle, split ends).  I think synthetic hair dries hair out if worn too frequently.  "
YoginiTransit,8ijh6x,"I'm stopping ""protective"" styling with added hair.&&&They say the definition of insanity is doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results. For years I have been hiding my hair away in protective styles, mostly crochet braids thinking that it would help with retention and growth. Yet after 7 years of being natural my hair is basically the same length that it was at 1.5 to 2 years in. So i started thinking back to what was different back then and realized that i wasnt covering my hair up as much back then to ""protect it"". I was styling it myself in puffs, cinnamon buns, and twists and really taking the time to care for it and keep it moisturized. I was l  just letting it be and it was happy. My hair literally grew like a weed the first 2 years. But then i started wearing added hair protective styles to change up my look, for special occasions, or to take a break from my hair. 

When i wore crochet braids I would tell myself, well its braided underneath, and i could still access my scalp to wash, and moisturize, and it will help my hair grow because I'll retain more length by not touching it. 

However, soon this thought process along with the desire to maintain a certain look put me into a vicious cycle where I was rushing to take down, wash and detangle my hair from 1 protective style on friday night so that i could get another protective style in before i stepped back into public on monday morning. Sometimes I would wait a week or 2 between styles. Heck sometimes I'd even go a month or longer, but at the end of the day i was always looking forward to my next style. 

I'd spend days looking at hair reviews and comparing prices trying to decide what style, brand, and texture of hair i wanted to put on my head next. I'd order the hair finally and then would spend 2- 4 hours getting it installed. Between researching the hair that i wanted to install, prepping my hair for the install, getting it installed, taking it out, and doing it all over again i was spending countless hours on my hair, but telling myself that it was saving me time since i didnt have to do it as often. 

The extension hair was heavy on my head and pulled and weighed my hair down. When i took styles down no matter how carefully i detangled i would always have a ton of hair come out. Any new growth that i had gained during the time the style was in was basically being broken off at the ends resulting in hair that consistently fell somewhere between shoulder and collar bone length when stretched. 

Now after years of repeating this cycle I've decided that i am going to try something different and break away from this insanity of lying to myself that i am protecting my hair by suffocating it and covering it up. Like i said before my hair grew like weeds the first 2 years natural. Whats are weeds? Weeds are plants. What do plants like? Plants like water and sunlight. In a forest when the canopy of a bigger tree blocks a smaller plant or tree from getting sunlight the small plant or tree cant grow as well. But once an opening in the canopy occurs the smaller ground plants have more access to sunlight and moisture and grow much better. I think the same concept can be attributed to hair. In just 1 week of wearing my hair in 2 strand twists and keeping it moisturized my hair is happier and looks and feels better.&&&Yes and i know some people have great results with keeping their hair covered but its just not working for me so time to try something new. &&&>Such a well-written and interesting post.  With your weed analogy, are you implying that exposing your scalp to sunlight could promote more hair growth?
>


Thanks! What i was trying to emphasize was the idea that maybe our hair is similar to plants and must be treated as so. It's just a personal analogy because i find so many similarities such as the fact that the hair follicles below the surface of our head are called ""roots"", and many people trim their ends to get rid of split ends and promote growth. Sort of similar to how a gardener would prune a plant and then all of a sudden the plant starts to grow better. 

With the sunlight analogy specifically my theory is that yes it could  play a role in hair growth. I actually just did a quick google search on the impact of vitamin D, which is the vitamin that we get naturally from the sun, on hair growth and it did say that there is a link between vitamin deficiency and lack of hair growth. 

https://blog.viviscal.com/health-benefits-of-vitamin-d-and-hair-loss/

Vitamin D is created in the epidermis of the skin when the skin absorbs uvb rays.  

https://www.vitamindcouncil.org/the-physiology-of-vitamin-d/

Based on the above info i would hypothesize that perhaps wearing our hair without all of the extra extensions  allows sunlight to penetrate our scalp better and promotes growth. 


>Would be wonderful if you could post a before/after photo of your hair in 6 or 8 months--especially if you have any photos taken during  your years of crochet braids as comparison.
>

I will do this for sure because it will be interesting to see if their is a difference and share it with others. 

>Also, how often do you do shower wash/condishs when your hair is in twists.
>

So far in the week and a half that ive had my hair in twists ive cowashed twice and ive sprayed the twists almost daily and rubbed some leave in and mango buttet over it when ever they feel dried. My hair seems to be responding really well to this. I have low porosity hair that constantly needs moisture. Have the twists gotten a little loose and a little frizzy? Yes. However it's not that bad and i think it will get better as my twisting skills improve. 

&&&>
My problem was I would lie to myself and convince myself that my hair being tucked away was a good thing, but I wasn’t keeping up with real hair maintenance between installs (deep conditioning, protein treatments, regular trims to avoid single strand knots). Combine that with the fact that I have little patience and would rip through my hair when detangling lead to lots of breakage that I would try to pass off as shedding. Ugh. Those were the dark days!
>
>

Ah yes single strand knots. Those are so annoying. 

"
uhyeaokay,8ijh6x,i’m feeling the same way too. i’ve been natural for 5.5 years and like you the first few years BAM so much growth. I started wearing braids with added hair and it stopped. But when i let my hair out it seems to respond better than when i have hair added. 
yellowpeach,8ijh6x,"Such a well-written and interesting post.  With your weed analogy, are you implying that exposing your scalp to sunlight could promote more hair growth?

Would be wonderful if you could post a before/after photo of your hair in 6 or 8 months--especially if you have any photos taken during  your years of crochet braids as comparison.

Also, how often do you do shower wash/condishs when your hair is in twists.

 "
Rae72,8ih37l,Live chat for natural hair twitter&&&[removed]
Bobelle,8icgpr,It's still a waste if you use it but don't want to/have to.
Doublepuffsnstuff,8icgpr,Depends on where you live too
Opilja,8icgpr,"That would be wonderful, I know I have some products that really didn't work out for me. I wish this could be arranged somehow, that would be awesome."
YoginiTransit,8icgpr,Interesting idea. I bet an app that lets  you list your hair products and also search for hair products in your geographic region and then meet up with others to trade would be really popular. 
bubzyy,8icgpr,I volunteer as tribute LOL. I too have half used products sitting. I hate wasting products so I HAVE to use them.
katsqaz,8icgpr,I wish there was a swap meet for natural hair products&&&I have so many half used products and no one I know is natural. Just sitting on my shelves gathering dust
lavasca,8icgpr,Sometimes that happens at natural hair meetups.
haileyTM,8ic5uc,"Beginner styles for 4C hair?&&&Hey! 
So I’ve been natural for... four years. (embarrassing) Never gotten any protective styles, never really learned to style my hair. I was wondering if you had any tips for really simple styles, things that are basic pieces of knowledge for 4C like product or wash routines. I have low porosity hair and my hair tends to prefer oils to creamy leave ins ( always get little white specks of it in my hair cause it doesnt take!) I have a white mom who never learned how to do my hair so.. It was up to me, and now I’m trying to learn so I can go out in more than my afro, haha! Like if you have any videos or tips... anything basic.. thanks. I struggle with doing afro puffs lol. &&&Thank you!!! I have trouble twisting it at the root, it always gets all loose down there and then doesn’t stay defined. I guess just practice? Have a good day:)"
phonekeysgumcheck,8ic5uc,Plat your hair and twist it. That was my go to for a year. The coils turn out really pretty and you don’t need a lot of product to do so. I also go on YouTube and find videos of people with close to the same texture and length as my hair and attempt the style. I usually experiment on the weekend just in case a fail happens. Lol! Good luck!!! 
BoxedBoobs,8hyhny,How did you dry the hair without it getting super tangled? 
Hummus_Hole,8hyhny,"I used to wear box braids exclusively when I was in high school.  I did use braid spray, and wrap it up at night.   I didn't do anything else special though."
PrairieJack,8hyhny,"You just dilute the ACV with water and the smell won't linger.
[http://www.naturalhairrules.com/kanekalon-hair-apple-cider-vinegar/](http://www.naturalhairrules.com/kanekalon-hair-apple-cider-vinegar/). Soaking the hair in vinegar is supposed to remove the chemical that causes the scalp irritation.

Make sure the hair you pick is heat resistant before you straighten."
TsegaGenesis,8hyhny,"I cannot suggest rinsing your braiding hair with vinegar enough. I don't know if over time my skin has become more sensitive or companies just start using this coating, but my scalp hates it. THREE TIMES I have not known/forgotten to rinse it and spent three days in agony. I personally use straight white vinegar, but either will work. fully submerge your hair and rinse until you see a film in the water, it'll make bubbles. The smell does not linger after drying. I promise you, the smell of vinegar is gone after you rinse it out and it dries. But don't take a chance. If you can rinse it before, do it. i'm sorry I'm rambling because I wish someone told me before I had to suffer"
mcdiddles3223,8hyhny,"First time box braids&&&Hi all! I’m doing my first set of braids next week and was looking for any tips. I have learned about moisturizing them every day with a good braid spray, wrapping in a silk scarf and night, and how to shampoo.

I’ve heard from a few people that they had reactions to something on the synthetic hair (I got synthetic colored hair from the company Dope Head Cartel). I’ve been told that you can/should rinse the hair first to prevent this. Is this something I should do? I heard and apple cider vinegar rinse but I’m scared of that smell sticking. 

Also was wondering if the hair can be straightened to be slightly more silky. It has a bit of roughness to it right out of the package. 

Thanks! &&&Ok thanks for the advice! I’ll soak the ends before doing them &&&Do you happen to know if the colors in the synthetic hair will bleed when I rinse it? Like should I split my light and dark colors? &&&Do you happen to know if the colors in the synthetic hair will bleed when I rinse it? Like should I split my light and dark colors? &&&I appreciate it! I’m definitely going to rinse. I keep hearing the coating is for shine, does that mean the hair is less shiny after rinsing? &&&Do you happen to know if the colors in the synthetic hair will bleed when I rinse it? Like should I split my light and dark colors? "
supreme232,8hyhny,"You don’t have to use ACV, just regular cheap vinegar would work too. The smell doesn’t linger, and i just fill a bucked with water and vinegar, and let top of the hair thats going to touch my scalp sit in it for a few hours. 

But you should definitely do it. I did senegalese twist a few years ago, went to a shop that provided the hair and i remember the itching was a bitch. knowing no better i thought the itching was because of dry scalp so then im putting oil on my scalp and what not, which just causes build up. 

I had no desire to do any synthetic styles after that, but just recently tried box braids with soaking the hair, and my hair did not once once! When it did it, it was a few weeks later and was from my hair being dirty so i knew i had to wash it, but over all its a better experience. "
HumbleAbbreviations,8hl0s8,"Proclaim Shea Butter line.  Has the shampoo, conditioner, and leave in that doesn't contain coconut oil.  Sold at Sally's Beauty Supply."
RosieDrew,8hl0s8,"Shea butter conditioner brand without sulfates coconut oil or nuts&&&Shea butter works for me but the other stuff doesn't or irritates it however I think things like olive oil, argan oil

work also with my ""no list"" is just general nut oils and coconut oil

does curly kinky

and some other brands from target work?

Also is there any shampoo without coconut oil or sulfates?

Also jell or leave in

Explanation: yes shea is a nut but other nuts I have been tested for and have food allergy for I also seem to have minor skin allergies  shea however is not a normal tree nut  no doctors have tested to say im allergic or not and it seems to be fine on my scalp hair and body&&&It has a bit of coconut oil I am currently using it&&&Like normal tree nut allergens I have a mostly tree nut allergy and it seems to also react on my skin but shea I think doesn't and seems to make my hair look nice yes its a nut but its not really a tree nut that gives you allergies  normally and doctors don't test it"
bexyrex,8hl0s8,This might be something hard to find. Have you considered just making your own hair butter?
draizetrain,8hl0s8,Uhm...shea comes from a nut...
kvhjo,8hl0s8,[palmers](https://www.palmers.com/shea-formula/154-moisture-repair-curl-conditioner.html)
realityologist,8hl0s8,Shea Moisture? 
