index,id,comments
CoiledCrowns,8tlsrx,Natural Hair Growth Channel&&&[removed]
CocoaThunder,8tb4dd,"Not sure if it's against the rules of the sub to post an actual business but I found a woman when I lived about 20 minutes east of Dallas who did an amazing job. Very patient, especially since I knew nothing about taking care of my hair without locs. If you're near that area PM me and I can give you her name.

For some general advice, try looking at styleseat.com. Moved three times now and found great loctitians each time through there. Be patient and make sure who you find doesn't rush or pressure you into anything."
DeepIndependence,8tb4dd,"Got my starter locs (two strand twist method) done at a braiding studio near where I live (AZ). I figured the locs were going to be on my head for a long time, so I wanted the parting done right. Paid $60 plus tip and was definitely worth it. I’ve found that most places/people charge less money for starter locs than they do for loc maintenance. "
MormonThot,8tb4dd,"Mine are controlled freeform locs, so I guess I did it myself. I split them every so often so they would be more even and not too thick. I'm happy with how mine look 4 years later."
bng92,8tb4dd,"Who did your starter locs?&&&I'm contimplating locking my hair. I have been natural for about 5 years, and I'm ready for a change. I don't want to go back to perming my hair for health reasons. I feel more  confident with braids anyway, so why not. I dont know of any loc salons near my area in north tx. So who did your locs? Was it a friend, family, or did you go to the salon to get them done and maintain them? &&&I found out that one of my high school friends does hair, and she is willing to do my locs!! Thanks for the help! 😁"
pinkgodezz,8tb4dd,"I did my locs myself actually. I live on my own and I didn’t want to spend $300 +  at the saloon. So I spent an afternoon and I installed about 300 braids on my hair. I plan to maintain it with interlocking. 

At first, I wanted to start with two strand twists but it kept unraveling so I settled on braids. It was a bit challenging doing the back of my head but I managed to complete it in 4-5 hours. 
If you have a good braider you trust in your family/friend circle then they could start it for you. "
Nik-kik,8suqgp,Did you wash with soap and water or just rinse with water? I'd be afraid of the braids looking frizzy if I wasn't careful. 
__Shadynasty_,8suqgp,Apple cider vinegar is your friend.
fanatic103,8suqgp,"Found a solution for itchy extensions&&&Hey ya'll! Every once in a while I like to give my natural hair a break and do a protective style. For the past 1.5 years I've been trying crochet hairstyles because they're quick and look great. However, the first time I had crochet twists installed, my head itched like crazy!! I've never had an issue with itchy scalp with braids before, so this was something new and unpleasant. Got another crochet installed this week and I've been able to mitigate most of the itchiness by washing my crochet twists BEFORE they are installed. The water ran a bright neon yellow, I'm guessing that's the fire retardant chemical that manufacturers spray on the hair but can be very irritating for sensitive scalps. 

And I've also made a solution of water and peppermint essential oil to spray on my scalp to help with the little bit of itchy that still remains. The peppermint feels so cool and soothing, and immediately helps with the itch! I keep my spray bottle in the fridge, so it's always nice and cool. This time around, it's been so much better having a crochet. I hope this helps anyone who deals with itchy scalp while having a protective style installed.&&&Tried an AVC rinse before but it didn't work too well, still itchy. I just ended up shampooing the hair, that's when I saw the water start running yellow :/ shampoo works better for me&&&Hey, I soaked my twists in a bucket of water then added shampoo, and carefully swirled the hair around. I then rinsed the hair till the yellow colour ran clear. I think next time I'm going to add the hair in after I add the shampoo to the water. My hair wasn't frizzy at all, just gotta take your time and be gentle with the hair.

I'd initially tried soaking the hair with vinegar and water, but it didn't make a difference. And the hair kinda smelled like vinegar :/"
Moya1509,8sr9ws,"I'm not sure what you mean that your ends won't twist well.  What I do is I twist as far down as I can go without borrowing hair, and then coat the leftover portion in a thick butter and lightly twirl the end around my finger.  That way the end is coily.

What it looks like to me is that your are taking down your twists the wrong way. You should always unravel them  from the ends first. Don't try and untwist them from the top. That will lead to those kinds of knots. Also, before taking down twists, coat your hair in an oil or an oil based butter. That will give it more slip and any shed hair that will lead to knots will not clump up like that. Do not put any water on your hair. That will also lead to knots because your hair will shrink up and tangle on itself."
PrincessLunaLive,8sr9ws,Are you combing from ends to root?
ValuableGuard2,8sr9ws,"My (4b?) hair's ends are always forming giant knots (Pics included) -- I have trimmed a bit but I don't want to go crazy with it&&&I've been natural all of my life (as in no relaxer), but for a good portion of it wore braids or got it pressed and never knew how to take care of my hair.

I tried going ""fully"" natural in high school, but misunderstood the information I was consuming and ended up frustrated and going for sew-ins and braids again.

I've been learning a lot recently through Youtube, and have kept my hair stretched (mostly in two-strand twists), protective/low-manipulation styled, mostly moisturized (LCO method), and have been finger-detangling, washing once a week, doing deep conditioning and protein treatments. I've been at this I think for four to five weeks now.

Due to my not taking care of my hair for years and just leaving it dry, and untrimmed, and letting my mom rip through it with a comb to detangle it for such a long time, I'm pretty sure my ends are pretty damaged. I think my hair is also high porosity as a result (or naturally), as it really doesn't hold moisture well. I've never dyed it. 

It's between collarbone and armpit length I think at its longest in the back, but much shorter in the front.

I have trimmed my ends, and I rarely let my hair loose except to redo twists and detangle/wash/moisturize, but the ends don't twist well and ALWAYS end up with bad knots. Like, the length of my hair will come loose fine, then as soon as I get to the ends it will ""T-bone"" *badly*.

Even trying to carefully, gently undo these knots results in some of the ends popping/breaking/snapping off to the point where I feel like a clean cut with shears to just get the whole knotted chunk off would be less damaging. 

The parts that won't twist well are thinner, split, and more frayed, and the damage probably goes up a good length due to my neglect of my hair for years. Should I try cutting *all* of this damage off (which would be a good bit more than what I've already trimmed), or could knotting this bad at the ends just be a fact of how my hair behaves?

If the latter, is there any way I could keep these ends stretched and separated easier? I spritz (aloe vera juice, water, glycerin) and seal with oil (extra virgin olive/coconut/almond) daily due to my bad moisture retention, so I'm not sure if moisturizing more alone would be a solution.

Pictures (sorry about oily hands and dirty fingernails -- was a long detangling session)

https://ibb.co/bKfDeo

https://ibb.co/dcb8C8

https://ibb.co/iS0ks8

Thanks for the help!

------

Edit: I think my comments aren't showing up, so I just wanted to thank everyone for their advice. I'm going to try doing braids instead of twists and being more careful with undoing them from the ends rather than from the roots down.

Thanks guys!"
glad2bglick,8sr9ws,"Also, you mentioned when taking down your twists everything but your ends will come undone. Have you tried starting at your ends first when undoing your twists? I know personally twists can’t stay in my hair for long periods without giving me issues when taking it down. You may want to try some braids or some other type of protective style. "
bbcreampapapa,8spi1h,"Has anyone tried Adwoa beauty products?&&&They have great reviews but they’re a lil pricey. &&&So I bit the bullet and tried Adwoa Beauty it’s actuallly really great. I tried the leave in, deep conditioner, oil, and curl defining cream. They all work really well and I def think I’m going to stick with this line. I don’t hate the smell but I don’t love it either, it doesn’t bother me though. I want to try the shampoo as well when it’s in stock. &&&I used the LOC method and got a soft and defined wash n go without gel. I’m very happy with my results. "
lulumajorca,8smu1i,"I think it depends on your lifestyle and the types of styles you'd like to rock the most often. Natural hair awesome because of the versatility you're afforded, the cost reduction in hair appointments and the end of scalp burning. I think medium sized braid extensions or senegalese twists are the best for transitioning. You can also do the same straight styles while transitioning but after a few months that can start to compromise your newly grown natural hair because the heat needed can cause some damage. If you wear you're hair straight most of the time, I don't really see the point in going natural, but that's just me. I didn't think I'd ever do a big chop but after 5 months of transitioning it became too much. My twa stage ended up being my favourite part of my natural hair journey and I strangely got the most compliments at that stage. "
mistahjslover,8smu1i,"On the fence about going natural&&&Like all black females of my age(28), we don't remember our first relaxer. 
I give zero cares about my hair since I was a child. Relaxed/puffy pony tails is my signature hair style. I'm tired of the relaxers but don't want short hair. Maybe locs? But funds is tight. I did buy a straightening brush but I need one made for straightening thick hair. Any advice? Tips? Zero natural hair friends"
rossablue,8smu1i,"You don’t have to big chop to go natural. I didn’t. I transitioned and did protective styles while transitioning (twist outs, braids) to blend the two hair types. I also watched a ton on YouTube videos (on transitioning and fully natural hair) which helped tremendously. I.got a devacut when I felt that my hair was long enough and that also taught me how to style my hair. "
tallulahbelly14,8smu1i,"I never did a big chop either. I starting getting my hair braided or twisted and trimmed in-between until one day I realised I was fully natural (and my hair was longer than it had ever been when I was relaxing). 

Long term braids aren’t ideal though, as my edges were looking thinner after a couple of years. But they’ve fully recovered now and I’m learning to manage my natural hair mostly with lots of help from YouTube. 

It’s also way cheaper in the long run - I have a fairly minimal routine. And I’m not paying stylists ££££ / $$$$ to burn my scalp. 

I wish I’d done it earlier. "
DaisyDej,8seb8t,"Never heard of him, I’ll have to check out his videos. I will say that I co-wash multiple times a week for that exact reason. I live in a very dry climate so I need all the moisture I can get. If I don’t co-wash, then I’m spritzing my hair with a mix of conditioner and water to refresh it. "
iownakeytar,8seb8t,"Never heard of him, but this sounds like what I do, more or less. I mostly follow the CG method, co-wash almost daily, but I still omit silicones from my hair care regimen. Silicones contribute to build up, because they aren't water soluble and generally require a harsh cleanser to remove. 

Like DaisyDej, I also live in a dry climate, and can get away with just spritzing my hair with water (but it's got to get saturated) and adding a little leave-in and oil if I'm not trying to detangle or get my hair ""just right..."" this is typically what I'll do if I'm spending the day out hiking or camping or on a lake. But most days, it's a full on co-wash.

What is it about the routine that you think you'll have trouble sticking to? For me, it's way easier than when I felt the need to flat iron my hair almost every morning."
lulumajorca,8seb8t,"Thoughts on the Anthony Dickey method???&&&[removed]&&&Great, the weather has been insanely hot where I live so I'll defintley give it a try this summer. &&&My hair is armpit length when stretched and very dense so I was worrying about the amount of time that it would take me, but each day it's been a lot more manageable to co-wash. I'm guessing because of the increased moisture and the fact that my hair never has a chance to get tangled anymore. Prior to this I would keep my hair in twists or in a puff for a few weeks and wash days would take forever because of the tangling, but I think this a perfect way to prevent that. Thanks! "
WannabeBadGalRiri,8s3kdi,"I can never maintain synthetic hair to re-use so I never do unfortunately. I'm rocking crochet right now and even with wearing a bonnet every night it's getting tangled each new day. I think when I was in Marley twist I could've probably re-used that but I big chopped afterward so I couldn't use it again anyways lol. 

I did buy some cheap $3 kanekalon hair for my next crochet style so I hope to maintain that one a bit more. "
animousity692,8s3kdi,"Do you re-use hair after taking down a style?&&&I'm wondering what folks usually do w/ the synthetic hair extensions after taking out a protective style, such as rope twists. I wanted to keep them because they might be easier to re-install next time. Is that a thing people do?&&&Right, I took mine out after only 2 weeks so it’s in pretty good shape. I actually think it would be easier for me to re-use the hair because the hair has already been manipulated, as opposed to starting with brand new, silky kanekalon hair!! "
jayemerald16,8s3kdi,My roommate did if they were in really good condition and could be cleaned
keto_name0529,8s3kdi,"I haven't ever before, but I don't think I've done styles where it's feasible (individual marley twists, braids, etc). I plan to attempt some individual crochet faux locs soon, and will consider reusing the hair if it holds up well enough."
misszoeline,8s3kdi,"I do with crochet box braids and twists and with some weaving hair, if it’s in good shape. As long as you wash it well and it still looks good, I don’t see the problem with it. I think it’s one of those things that may be stigmatized, but when you actually apply logic, it’s not weird/bad at all. "
that_girl_there409,8s3kdi,"For me it depends on the quality and condition of the hair, as well as how much I paid for the hair whether I re-use it or not. I do my crochet braids/twists with hair that costs anywhere from$6-$12 a pack and I've re-used two or three times if the hair still looks good after a wash/rinse. "
Sj8981,8s2pn5,Wet hair with product. Like conditioner or gel. Also once I started doing the max hydration method I really saw my true curl pattern aside from frizz. Like my hair wet with gel and leave-in is 4a. My hair dry is 4b and some 4c patches. I primarily consider my hair 4b though. 
forevertiara,8s2pn5,"How to discover your true curl pattern?&&&Hi everyone... New subbie here! Thanks for having me!

So I’ve heard from multiple people that the way to discover your true curl pattern would be to do so on dry hair. Others say wet hair. Can any of you offer some insight? Thanks in advance!&&&Interesting... and that makes sense! If anyone asks I’m 4b with patches of 3c, 4a, and 4c even though I still don’t really even know what 4b or 4c hair really looks like at maximum hydration. Those hair type charts you see everywhere are terrible lol"
