index,id,comments
9legged_octopus,8z6vjq,"Deva Cut / hair cut for a curly natural&&&I am looking to possibly get a Devacut.  Any BLACK women (or men who rock the fro!) have experience with this they want to share?  I am googling and all the providers near me seem to be white or latino with white people type hair and all their positive reviews on Yelp, etc. seem to come from customers with 2B - 3A hair.   Being able to cut and style that kind of hair does not give me the confidence that they can do mine.  I saw a few negative reviews - one specifically saying if you're black they won't really know what to do with your hair and it has me worried.  I hope I can find someone who can cut my hair into a cute style.  There's a huge difference between lose curls that grow downward and curls growing outward into a fro.  I am black with a mixture of 3C and 4A hair and I really need my hair to be shaped but I need someone who knows what they're doing and can work with my hair cuz I've been growing my hair from a big chop for almost 2 years now and if they mess it up, I'm going to be hella depressed lol.  

I have also just tried googling for natural hair salons but they all seem to advertise locs and braids heavily, and also don't give me the confidence that they can cut and style.  I live in NY, but I would literally travel out of state if I had glowing recommendations for a black stylist who can cut my hair without making it look stupid.  I am desperate - my hair is just getting longer and longer and really needs to be shaped since it's all the same length and the bottom and the back just kinda hang like a mullet and the top and sides grow upward and outward.  

I did my big chop myself and have never had my hair professionally cut - only $5 trims in Dominican salons after they blew it out.  I had straight hair and wore weaves for years and my hair was so burnt and damaged that it literally would not curl.  I have been doubting my decision to go natural since the day I cut off more than a foot of hair and really am not confident with my natural hair yet.  I don't feel it's as attractive and I have been working on it for nearly two years.  So in addition to throwing away money (all these natural hair salons seem to charge around $200 for a cut!), it would be a huge blow to my confidence if the person I go to does not do a good job with the cut.  Then I would have to either go to someone else to remedy the situation and end up with \*even shorter\* hair or stick it out with another year of braids until it grows some more.  Ugh.&&&Thank you!  I’ve been trying.  90% of the listings in my area for black women are for weaves, wigs, and braids.  The few that advertise cuts don’t have any pictures, and judging from their other services, I’m assuming they cut blown out hair.  I’m going to keep trying. &&&I’m glad you were happy!!!!  I read the reviews for all the stylists in my area on DevaCurl’s site.  None of them appear to be black.  And the only reviews where the reviewer identified themselves as black were not 5 star reviews.  That’s why I’m nervous lol.  The glowing reviews that include pictures all show white or latina women.  Where are you located?  I feel like I need to move to Atlanta or something cuz I shouldn’t be having this many issues finding someone to cut my hair. &&&I’d love to see pics!  How much did they cut?  Did you go to them with a “look” or style in mind or did you let them just cut?  Where are you located?&&&I was just in Westfield, NJ yesterday!  I’ve never heard of that salon.  But now I’m stalking their Instagram.  Wow!  People with my hair type!!  Now, even if I don’t go there, I have an idea of the cut I want.  Thank you for sharing!!!!  🖤&&&I feel like they’d say yes, no matter what.  We’ve all lied to get a job we weren’t qualified for lol.  I would like to see pics on their Instagram, etc.  I feel like a common theme with Deva-trained stylists is mentioning that they work with “all” hair types on their websites... That’s nice, but *do you really?*  Cuz I only see pics of white women here.  🤔🤔 And tbh I’d rather someone who mostly/only services black hair / type 4 hair than someone who claims to service “all” types. &&&🖤 I’m glad you’re happy!  May I ask the city where you went?  Also do you use DevaCurl products?"
Blergh_MaGerks,8z6vjq,"I've been growing my hair out from color damaged to go visit Utopia Salon in NJ. They have a specialty cut called a RezoCut that is supposed to focus on keeping length and shaping for volume. They have a very active Instagram page if you're interested.

A little further south is Baltimore and Diaspora Salon. They seem stricter about styling natural hair an have only recently started offering services for transitioners. I am much closer to that salon but I feel like due to my color damage, I wouldn't be natural enough for them. Or that they'd want to cut all the damage off... Which I am not ready for lol."
DaisyDej,8z6vjq,"I found a stylist from DevaCurl’s website and I just made sure when looking at the salons on Instagram that they had clients whose hair appeared to match my texture. I, like you, was very hesitant to let anyone work on my hair if they didn’t have experience working on a black person’s hair. The first salon, I went out on a limb and they did okay. Not bad, not great. The methods that Devacurl promotes are useful regardless of the type of curl you have which is why I think it was okay in this case to go to a salon where they don’t have a lot of black clients. The second salon, I made sure they had hair models with 4b/4c hair. I was much happier with the results. They used similar methods but they just had more experience with my hair type. I’ve gone back multiple times and let them cut my hair as well. 

Hope that helped! Feel free to ask me any more questions. "
FyreSign,8z6vjq,"Maybe try styleseat.com. Looks white, but it helps you find local hair salons that do what you want. We used it to find someone to do box braids for my daughter. Not only that, but some of the stylists are willing to come to you. 

We paid an extra fee and she came to our house and to do my daughters hair. No money exchanged hands bc it’s all done through the website...so it’s not awkward. Easy peasy.

They also list what they do and how much services are on their individual pages. *at least the last time I checked :) 

Any way, good luck 🍀 I hope you find what you need even if it isn’t from my recommendation! "
LalaDub,8z6vjq,"I have 3c/4a curls and I’ve had 3 deva cuts, the last one was in May. Both people were amazing as it’s more about letting your curls do their thing than cutting it a certain way. Also, they have a line for our hair now and additional training they can go through for super curly hair. Happy to share more and pics if you’d like!"
chocolatebum,8z6vjq,I have 3b/3c hair so I’m not sure how relevant it may be to you. I’ve gone to get three devacuts and they’ve all been so much better than the cheaper haircuts I used to get. I would just call them ask them if they’ve had any clients with natural hair.
cmon_sun,8z6vjq,"I second this sooooo much!! I understand the hesitation to go to someone who doesn’t look like you to do your hair but I have seen some non-black stylists do some great work on Black hair (Shai Amiel, Evan Joseph, and Lorraine Massey for example). I think the best way for you to feel comfortable would be for you to go to someone whose work you can actually see on IG/Facebook."
sir_pepper_esq,8z6vjq,"I have pretty long 4a-c hair, and got a deva cut. The place where I went was in a black area of the city, and I also specifically chose a black stylist. While I can't really compare it to anything because it was my first ever professional cut, she did a great job. She made curls pop where I thought there was just frizz, and made the varying textures of my hair seem more similar. It looked really good.

My only complaints would be that one side of my hair refused to dry, and though she tried to account for that, that one area was a little longer than the rest. Also, while everything else dried the same length, detangling was kind of annoying, because it was all different lengths wet. The ends weren't damaged, so it wasn't too hard to detangle, but there was no going outside until it was fully dry. I never tried to straighten it, but I know I would have looked like a crazy person if I had. But if you have one uniform texture or you only wear your hair curly, I wouldn't worry about that. It was also pretty expensive. 

Overall, I liked it. I'll go back for my next cut. She made my hair look better than I ever thought it could."
9legged_octopus,8z6evs,I like colors so I get mine from [http://ikickshins.net](http://ikickshins.net)
Annabana24,8z6evs,I’ve use model model kanekalon hair for mine. I’m getting my box braids done in a few days and the stylist I’m going to said she likes to use the formation by model model because it is already pre-stretched 
SweetTNWhiskey,8z6evs,Expressions always
floydthebarber94,8z6evs,"I just get the cheap packs from Sally’s but they don’t last very long, maybe like a month and it starts looking eh. But it does the job "
katsqaz,8z6evs,What hair do you use for box braids?&&&I'm think about getting box braids. I haven't had them since I was a kid. What hair do you usually buy for this? Is there an online seller anyone reccomends?
monola19,8z6evs,I second this.
DaisyDej,8z5lkv,"Yes, I think you should get your ends cut. I had stopped using relaxers for 5+ years and was getting my hair pressed regularly when I decided to transition to natural hair. After ~4 months of no heat, I cut off anything that wasn’t getting with the program. My hair was shorter but fuller and healthier. "
Svampp,8z5lkv,"Curls not reaching the ends of my hair&&&I have 4c hair and I got perms and relaxers for most of teenage years so I never really dealt with my natural hair until I left for college. I decided then that I would go natural to see if I liked it. However, I did get one final perm before I left went off to school. Now it’s a year later and most of my hair is fully curly except for my ends at the front. The bottom back of my head is fully curly so that’s not a problem. It’s frustrating me so much because I want to go fully natural and maybe wear an afro but I can’t because of my stupid ends. You can literally see the cutoff where it goes from curly to straight. I have no idea why it’s doing this but I am getting fed up. Should I keep waiting? Should I just chop it off? "
mousemarie94,8z5lkv,I transitioned out of relaxed hair...so I feel your pain but I just snipped away at the ends and maintained the same length for about a year until it all grew out and now I have a head full of curls 
Cyanide_Skiesx,8z59hi,"Suggestion for styling hair&&&So I've had a lot of struggles with styling my hair. Idk if it helps to mention but I've been natural for almost 3 years and I have thick 4c hair. I recently found something that made styling my hair easier/not looking like a total mess. 

So basically it's styling on dry hair. Of course make sure you add in your moisturizers and oils (I like castor oil because of its thickness. It seems to sink into my hair) but make sure your hair completely dries BEFORE you start styling. For example, I wear my hair in twists almost 24/7. I notice when I start twisting my hair, if it's even a little damp, it won't really take the product or style and by the time it dries, it's frizzy and lacks moisture. But when I work on dry hair it takes the product better, looks and feels better. Also start with a little bit of product at a time to see how your hair takes it and then add little bits more at a time if needed.

Just thought I should share this for people who might have been stuggling with styling. "
Tayybannbiz,8z3ob0,"LOC JOURNEY/ NATURAL HAIR/ LIFESTYLE CHANNEL ON YOUTUBE SUBSCRIBE ❤️&&&CHECK OUT MY
YOUTUBE CHANNEL 
MILLENNIAL HUSTLERS ENTERTAINMENT 
AND FOLLOW ME ON IG @tayybann"
Doublepuffsnstuff,8z35d6,"Curlfest 2018!!!&&&Hello, everyone! This is a post for my NY/BK curlies. Curlfest 2018 is almost here and I was wondering if anyone here was going. I’d love to have a little meetup and hang for a while. I’ll be going with my bestie, but the more the merrier! "
ISmokeShitLikeYou,8z2rs5,Dry with no products is best so we cam see your real texture. For the most part our hair isn't the same dry as when it's wet.
katsqaz,8z2rs5,Both! 
tallulahbelly14,8z2rs5,If I want help with working out my curl pattern what kind of picture should I post - hair wet or dry??
BooBootheFool22222,8yzr6z,"I've been bleaching and dying my hair for 3 years now. But then I don't bleach again for like 6-8 months. I have mostly new growth on my head. I like pink hair dye. I've almost tried all the brands except iroiro, arctic fox.  "
FyreSign,8yzr6z,"Just did mine last weekend. Bleached, then dyed with Manic Panic Purple Haze. Usually I go with Ultra Violet or any combination of other colors, so this one is a little darker than I wanted in terms of the hue, but still bright. 

Btw, there’s an Instagram page called unicorn.curls for poc. “Unicorn Hairspiration” 🌈"
knottiknots,8yzr6z,"are you thinking about dyeing your hair?&&&My Hair is Green, i bleached,dyed&Toned myself safely at home. I'm wondering who else here has thought about coloring their hair🤔&&&Thats awesome you give your hair a break before bleachi again. I like to do alot of treatments on my hair to speed up the healing the process &&&Wow that sounds dope asf i love manic panics hair dyes. Im definitely going to check out that page. Im planning all my colors in advanve lol😂"
somewherelux,8yzr6z,I'm actually coloring my hair right now! I'm using henna and indigo. This process dyes my hair dark black. Beware though. I've read that you cannot use the traditional box dyes until the henna grows out. 
thoughtlessoceans,8yzr6z,Ive bleached and dyed my hair a couple of times. I do it at home and wash the bleach out as soon as i see my hair turn auburn and add blue dye. I also wait 3-6 months before i bleach my hair again.
bdd4,8yzpxv,I have NEVER successfully washed this style. EVER. Commenting so you know it's not you in case you wash it and it doesn't work out. 
purpleearstravels,8yzpxv,How do you wash your hair when in box braids so it doesn't lose its shape ?&&&My current hairstyle is box braids short bob with the ends burnt off. I'm wondering how I should go about washing my hair as I would lose the shape once the braids touches water. I workout 3-5 days a week and my head gets sweaty and smelly. Do you use a dry shampoo or no? I've never really been that great at taking care of my hair and want to learn! Thanks in advance!
the_heaviest_feather,8yzpxv,"I use Cantu dry shampoo, or just some water with a bit of apple cider vinegar and tea tree oil. You can wash your braids, but it’s more recommended to really rinse the scalp  and wipe the braids down with some warm water and your cleanser if choice. I recommend looking up some you tube videos to see people’s techniques and experiences with each one. 

"
jadakisdblock19,8yfpqo,Natural hair products for sensitive scalps.&&&[removed]
wildhuntressophelia,8yb4fl,Has anyone ever done goddess locs on themselves? I'm thinking to do it but it seems like I might need an entire week. Do you have any hair recommendations? I'm thinking of doing them small and flexible. 
Annabana24,8y5vo3,Length Retention&&&Hello I’m new to the group. I have been natural for 3 years now. I started by doing the big chop. My hair grown out but I seem to be having a problem with getting my hair to grow pass my shoulder blade. What can I do to get the length retention that I want? &&&Thank you so much 
Doublepuffsnstuff,8y5vo3,"I would recommend having a good moisture/protein balance if you aren’t already doing so. This helps retain length because the protein strengthens your hair, and moisture helps it not turn into a Brillo pad. Both of these help minimize breakage. Combine that with a protective (or at least low maintenance) style and moisturizing as needed, and you’ll definitely notice a difference after a while. That’s been my experience."
hplover12,8y5vo3,I make sure to keep my hair moisturizerized and i leave it alone. I LOVE Oyin handmade’s juice and berries leave in tonic. I spray it in the morning and evening or whenever my hair is feeling dry. I stopped wearing weaves and wear wigs and take them off when i come home. I trim my ends every three months. I’m natural and got my hair straightened before getting it cornrowed two months ago and was shocked by the length! I also eat a lot of salmon and massage my scalp. Hope this helps!
progretivity,8y5vo3,"Protective styling is your friend. But whilst protective styling, continue to moisturize your hair! e.i. Crochet braids, buns, box braids, wigs, mini twists..."
rnountdiablo,8y5vo3,"I second the mini twists. Have been doing them exclusively since September, with acv/black tea rinses/co-washes every week and shampoo and deep conditioning every two. They saved me 💕"
TheYellowRose,8y5ecd,I got a DevaCut from Shenell Bradley at the Village Salons
afancysandwich,8y5ecd,"I go to Natural Hair Tapestry.

https://www.vagaro.com/naturaltapestry

https://www.instagram.com/natural_tapestry/

Some of my friends find her expensive but you get what you pay for. She does full wash and trim with most services and is very sweet."
atomizedshucks,8y5ecd,I would also like to know. I haven't had a relaxer since July of 2016 and been floundering to maintain my hair myself.
chemgirl98,8y5ecd,"Does anyone know any good natural hair salons in/near Dallas?&&&Just looking to get my hair trimmed, I don’t think it would be a great idea to try it myself lol&&&Thank you for this suggestion! Their reviews look great and their prices are actually lower than all the other places i’ve looked at. I’ll definitely be booking an appointment with them "
3decadesin,8y4dhv,"A friend of mine used keratin treatment while straightening my hair with an instyler straightener. Luckily, the instyler malfunctioned after a few sections but those sections were ramen noodles/Michael Jackson thriller hair, in comparison to the rest of my kinky Afro. Even after several washes and desperate measures to revert my hair. The texture was very sleek and it was very, very noticeable. Had to cut off the damage."
AdamantiumFoil,8y4dhv,"I did a keratin treatment at home when I was transitioning. It was sleek and awesome and also gave me some crazy heat damage, which I didn't notice until after I chopped my relaxed ends. I honestly don't know if it was user error but my straightener was only set to 375 I believe. So if you do it at home, I'd recommend not trying to get it extremely straight and only doing a pass or maybe two for each section.

I personally would never have it done in a salon. Heat damage suuuucks. But ymmv of course."
Midnight_Moon29,8y4dhv,"> I honestly think Keratin is a good option if you want to wear your hair straight more than you care about your curls. 

Why does this mean you don't care about your curls?"
iownakeytar,8y4dhv,"Heat damage. It's almost unavoidable with a Keratin treatment, and it may permanently change parts of your hair. "
rockelita99,8y4dhv,"Keratin treatments - thoughts or experiences?&&&I'm considering a keratin treatment, but I'm worried my natural 3c curls will be permanently loosened.

It's taken 5 years to get my curls back after a dye job that changed my texture... (is that a thing? I was very confused) I LOVE my curls, but they could be healthier - could keratin help it be more manageable without sacrificing my crown?? "
zimtkuss,8y4dhv,"I have yet to meet anyone who hasn’t had heat damage or permanently straightened patches. 

No one I know just had “looser curls” and this includes people with big ol’ loose 3A curls to begin with.  Everyone did it someplace different. 

I honestly think Keratin is a good option if you want to wear your hair straight more than you care about your curls. Your hair will straighten more easily. Can’t say your curls will look right though. 

ETA: hair color can def change your texture. I am one of these people who also loses curl if I am not careful with color."
floydthebarber94,8y2530,"Queen hair, there are some different brands for it but it comes in a pink band. "
melina510,8y2530,Mi Lisa has some nice inexpensive bundles.
orwild1,8y2530,What’s the best Ali Express bundle vendor??&&&
Hairthrways,8xua4d,Three years of hair growth!&&&[removed]
afroqueen009,8xqn3r,"Hi! I have type 4a/4b hair, recently discovered that I have low porosity hair. Any thoughts on products?

I have a Youtube Channel: [https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC7AuLeObJbGaMf-gsYzzy4A](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC7AuLeObJbGaMf-gsYzzy4A) ,  trying to encourage other girls to go natural! :)"
afroqueen009,8xplri,New to reddit- How does it work?&&&[removed]
