index,id,comments
JcSimba,7oueip,"Twist out hairstyle&&&So whenever I do a twist out my hair gets this style    [Style](https://i.ytimg.com/vi/Cl7DIIk9gR0/maxresdefault.jpg) which I like , but I’m wondering if there’s anyway to get this style without doing a twist out every time . I’d like to have this style for a while but my hair also loses the style after a week or two. Would using a sponge be the only other way or is a twist out the only way?

Would doing a lot of twist outs naturally make this style stick with my hair?

Hair type : 4c"
TanakaCole,7oueip,Try maybe using curling mousse to hold the curls longer 
_strawberry_cupcake,7oueip,"A little bit bigger Bantu knots would probably give you a similar style. The curls wouldn’t be as small, but then again it would take less time!"
lottikey,7oueip,"Yeah, was going to say you'll need some type of styling product to keep it in longer like a holding gel or curling spray.  Maybe you can also wrap it (durag or scarf) so it jostles less at night."
Blergh_MaGerks,7os5q3,"I'm going through something similar, except it was bleach that ruined my hair. To help grow it out, I'm keeping it under a wig daily.

Weekly I wash, condition, detangle  and put my hair into two low ponytail braids, then I criss cross them in the back and bobby pin them in place. I put on a satin scarf to lay everything down while it dries.

Mornings: wig cap, Got 2 B gel right beforr my edges, place lace front wig. Blow dry gel/lace with low speed and heat till dry.

Evenings: spritz edges with water to loosen gel, remove wig, spritz hair with water, rub hair down with coconut oil, put on satin scarf.

Sundays: take down braids, prepoo with avacado oil, wash, deep condition,  leave in conditioner, a little hair gel and rebraid.

It's been a month and although I don't see any real growth progress yet (it's just too soon) I have noticed my hair is softer and nicer feeling when I take it down for wash day."
HelloPandaHello,7os5q3,"I got the exact same problem. I neglected my hair for abt 2,5 years because i was living with my bf and i was ashamed of my natural hair. My hair tangles and breaks very easily. The ends feel rough. I find that the only thing that works to make my hair feel as healthy as possible is cutting the dead ends off. Life is so much easier when ur not constantly dealing with tangles. 

I do find my hair feels rough very quickly after cutting. I’m thinking bout going for a mini big chop. "
_strawberry_cupcake,7os5q3,"What is your hair type? Porosity? I would say if you don’t want to cut off the dead ends, gently finger detangle all the knots that you can. Then put it in a long term protective style, like corn rowed with a weave on top or crochet braids. 


I think your best options are either:

- long term protective style

- cut off the dead ends and have a new start


However, you will have to cut off the dead ends at some point. The protective style will only prolong this.

If you decide to do neither of those and lee wearing your hair out, it is imperative that you moisturize your hair well. You mentioned that it’s really dry. If there has ever been a method that gave your hair lots of moisture and kept it moisturized for at least 2 days, use that method again. If you never experienced that, I highly recommend experimenting with the LOC method (leave in, oil, cream) after washing your hair. Key word is experiment though, as your hair type, texture and porosity will affect how well it works. Good luck! Try not to manipulate it so much too"
nightmooth,7os5q3,"/u/wyok said a lot of good things i will just add : 

 > My hair drys pretty quickly, looks very dry all the time (even after I've distributed argan oil throughout)

Do you put something before ? Argan oil is a sealant so if you don't put an humectant like water, aloe vera, a leave in with water or glycerin in the first ingredients it will not work out. "
subeam,7os5q3,"How to grow healthy hair while keeping Damaged Ends/rest of damaged hair?&&&My hair has become really damaged in the last three months (I really slacked and didn't take care of it properly while I was at school). I don't really want to big chop (would be my second time) but I'm seriously considering the idea because of how knotted and dry my hair has become, but I'm holding off on that for now. 

My hair drys pretty quickly, looks very dry all the time (even after I've distributed argan oil throughout), often has knotted ends that I have to cut out and it is hard to keep my hair from knotting in general. It also does not feel soft to touch. 

I've realized that my problem is that I don't know how to take care of a certain length of hair. When I big chopped up until my hair was maybe four or five inches in length, I was able to take care of it well and it was healthy. But after that it's been a struggle to say the least. 

I would greatly appreciate any thoughts or tips! Thank you!&&&Oh my god, I had no idea! That makes so much sense-- I usually just put argan oil in and leave it at that. 

Do you have a preference between water, aloe vera, and a leave in or do you think they all basically work the same result?&&&Hmmm, I've never tried leaving my hair stretched. I agree with the wash and go-- that's when my hair seems to get the most knotted in the end. 

How do you stretch your hair? Do you twist it and then take it out?&&&Holy smokes-- your dedication is impressive! One of the reasons my hair has become damaged is I'm so impatient with taking care of it; I need to get on your level of determination.

 &&&The ends are so tough to handle :(

I've seen some really cute mini big chops (I really like the tapered ones). It's definitely a cute style to wear while letting your hair grow healthier
&&&I'm a 4A/4B (I can't really tell the difference between them). I have high porosity hair (either that or I'm just not putting enough moisture in). I will have to invest in some hair scissors and cut these dead ends off. 

Now that you mention it, I remember getting very good results and having pretty healthy hair while I was using Ors Shampoo/leave-in Conditioner, but I stopped using it since stores around me stopped carrying it. I'll have to order it online and see what happens. 

Thank you so much for your advice-- I'll have to implement these!&&&Thank you everyone who responded! I feel like I now have specific techniques I can use consistently-- thank you so much for all your advice and suggestions (and thank you for sharing your similar situations-- it's really nice to hear what other people are trying/have tried before). 
"
wyok,7os5q3,"Longer hair gets damaged more easily because it has more contact with clothing, fabrics, etc. and it needs moisture because it's not getting as much from your scalp. If your ends are split and knotted, they will stay that way until you trim. 

the best way to grow hair, in my experience, has been with as little manipulation as possible. I would wear two-strand twists for a week or so, wear a twistout for a week, then repeat.
at the same time, I noticed that shrinkage was not really good for my hair either. I got all kinds of knots when I started wearing wash-and-gos. I think my hair flourished the most when I kept it gently stretched. "
PunchlineQueen,7ogxk9,"JBCO on braids?&&&My edges are feeling dry and I got braids last week, whats the best option?"
TanakaCole,7ogxk9,What is JBCO if you don’t mind me asking 
lottikey,7ogxk9,"Jamaican Black Castor Oil&&&What do you usually use on your hair to moisturize?  You can use the same, but just apply on the scalp (getting it on the braids isn't that bad, but it adds onto the product build up, which could affect how long you can have the braids in and its quality by the time they're taken out)."
kdafool,7ogdkz,Growing out 4C Hair&&&
PunchlineQueen,7ogd68,"Wild growth oil&&&Ever tried? Not sold in stores near me, might order off Ebay.

I have in braids and I'm thinking about using that and JBCO."
lottikey,7ogd68,I like it a lot though I don't use it often or consistently anymore. It actually works. At least for edges.
mslovelymakeup17,7ogd68,"In my opinion, it did not work on my hair. I just use regular olive oil for my hair and edges, drink plenty of water and eat well, and take a regular biotin multivitamin. That made my hair flourish, and I was surprised because all the hair growth pills and ""oils"" didn't really do a thing.

"
EdithKelly12,7o96yc,Protective Styles With Ninja Buns&&&
_dottdom,7o5jgj,"Hey, check out my new video‼️ I show some of my favorite hair products I took into the new year! Show love and leave me your feedback / suggestions 💚 I'll be posting new videos next week. ‼️LINK IN THE COMMENTS‼️&&&"
EdithKelly12,7o13px,Protective Styles For Vacation Hair&&&
PunchlineQueen,7nz3nl,"What hair type ?&&&Jonica Booth, gorgeous
https://tse2.mm.bing.net/th?id=OIP.zh1l2mLMGeI5eHavbjhY-AHaLf&pid=Api

Lovie Simone
https://tse3.mm.bing.net/th?id=OIP.J-ce-o3b_Wx-gGkmifNMAgDfEX&pid=Api"
_strawberry_cupcake,7nz3nl,"Konica Booth looks like a solid 3c to me


Lovie Simone looks like she could be anywhere from 4a to 4c - I would have to have a higher quality and closer pic to tell!"
Natsu_Firefox,7nxr1i,"What are some hairstyles for black men who want to grow their hair out?&&&Hello Brothas and Sistas,

Currently Im growing my hair out, because I look way better than hair than without it. Right now, Im in the mini fro stage (4A Hair type). I do not know what to do with my hair at all. Any suggestions?

P.S. Do those curly hair tutorial videos on youtube work? Or do you already have to have that type of hair for it to work? If they do, please drop links for videos that have worked for you!&&&Thank you&&&Thank you"
Robinspeakeasy,7nxr1i,"A lot of styles can be gentle enough to help it grow out, including your minifro, but
for faster and reliable results you should go for box braids, twists, cornrows, or African threading. They keep your hair in a detangled state for weeks and months, reducing the need to handle (read: break) them. You can do all of them on at least 2” of stretched hair, use extensions, and with the exception of cornrows, they are all beginner friendly.

An important thing to mind is that you might not always get hair health and the look you want. For example, with twists on your own hair it’s very important to tuck, wrap, or seal the ends, which are still exposed to friction and knots. Or, you might not feel comfortable going to work in cornrows, but your hair loves them.

As for curly hair tutorials, the results depend on the method and hair type. 4a has a defined coily pattern, but it loves to shrink and frizz, so you are not getting 3a curls by rinsing out conditioner and letting it dry. You might be able to elongate your natural coils with a wash-n-go if you combine the right products and techniques. For that check out AfrikanHairGod and Naptural85, who are both 4a. You can definitely get a curly look with perm rods or twist-outs."
Weebynerd,7nxr1i,"Maybe try mini twists. They are perfect for that stage, or cornrows if your hair is long enough.

On youtube use natural hair instead of curly hair when looking for videos. 'Natural hair men' + whatever topic you want will also give you a lot. There is a whole community turning up."
Abigail_A,7npa9p,"If you had to improve one aspect of your natural hair routine, what would it be and why?&&&&&&High puffs are cute though! Youtube has a lot of videos about protective styles, maybe low puffs? Low buns, goddess braids etc 😊&&&Yes! Youtube is your friend for this! Honestly, it’s needed for wigs, crotchet etc. If you can, get a dolls head (not the toy, but the one people use to practise styling hair) &&&This is literally me!! But for me I can get frustrated when detangling my hair post washing it. Definitely try dealing with your hair when 1) you’re not in a rush 2) you’re in a good mood&&&Yup, we’ve all been there! I find that I can neglect my hair when it’s in a protective style but when my hair is out I look after it way better. I think creating a routine would help (us both), then once you’re used to the rhythm of things, it should become second nature &&&Defo watch YouTube tutorials and practise. I found that learning to cornrow others hair made corn rowing my own hair really easy&&&Yhhh I’m really surprised by how much people charge for a haircut! Hopefully the more natural hairstylists pop up, the more competition for prices, so the cheaper they will get 🤗"
CaturnReturns,7npa9p,"Having the care and patience to not rip the comb through tangles while washing in the shower. 


I feel like my hair takes so long to wash since I always wash in 2-4 sections (2 for a ""normal"" wash, 4 for a clarifying wash ~1x per month) and I'm not always careful when I feel the comb struggle through small snags. I only comb/detangle with conditioner in though 

╮(╯▽╰)╭"
Robinspeakeasy,7npa9p,"Cornrows, because they are the bedrock for so many styles. By the end of the year I want to do them, even if they suck."
jennalee10,7npa9p,I wish i was better at protective styles. I high puff 80% of the time.
justswimfree,7npa9p,"I wish I knew how to do cornrows or flat twists better. I can twist my hair fine, but I haven’t really mastered doing other protective styles. I would like to know how to cornrow and do other sort of braids."
lottikey,7npa9p,"Consistency.  I go through periods where I commit to my daily/weekly hair needs and (many) other times, I neglect even the most basic hair care due to laziness/no motivation/busyness. "
lou_lou_belle,7npa9p,"Ugh. I love her hair cuts. I wish it wasn’t so expensive to get a hair cut for curlies, yet getting a trim with straight hair is everywhere. "
Robinspeakeasy,7ni0d4,"The right tool depends on what results you want.

If you want a smooth, defined twist-out asap, personally found a knockoff denman brush was the least damaging and most effective way to acheive that, because it will quickly rid obstructions like shed hairs and knots without you needing to do more than 1-2 passes. For sure it is better than a pick.

However, if you want to retain length chances are the best “tools” are your fingers, because no other tool accommodates the shape of 4c texture well, so there’s a much greater likelihood of the teeth shredding your ends. When I switched from the pick to denman, I noticed about 50% less breakage. But after switching from denman to fingers, I barely noticed broken hairs anymore. It’s made a huge difference in being able to retain more length and faster.

Not saying you gotta give up tools and finger detangle to retain more length. What I am saying is pretty much every 4c I know really, really struggles to retain length past the shoulders (about 6”) even though they avoid otherwise harsh styling like heat or chemicals. But if you follow 4c vloggers who made it to super long lengths, all of them credit finger detangling high on the list. So yes, based on that maybe tools are stopping you from retaining length.

Edit: As for how much to detangle — personally, removing knots and shed hairs is enough to stay groomed and not cause matting. 70-80% makes sense for a defined twistout, you should only be aiming for 90-100% IMO if you are flatironing (for sleekness) or long-term protective styling (to avoid locking)."
himynameismaryjane,7ni0d4,"Wide tooth combs don’t work for me either. I usually use a denman brush, I took two rows out of it. With the brush it will probably get rid of 80-90 percent of tangles. A wide tooth comb would take way too long to find every knot, only for it to rectangle a few minutes later "
lolokiguess,7ni0d4,"wide tooth combs never detangle my hair?&&&i always have to do several passes through to get one section detangled rather than going through smaller sections with one of those double sided plastic combs, and as soon as i move to a next section it just tangles back up when using a wide tooth comb. tool suggestions? and when detangling type 4/4c hair, what percent of   tangles should i be expecting to untangle? 75%, 90%, 100% so far i can only get 100% with double sided plastic combs, either the small side or the wider (but still pretty small) side.

i dont get the mechanical gist of wide tooth combs. from my point of view, you miss alot of tangles when using a wide tooth comb. 

i think that so far, at 6 inches, the tools im using to comb is what is stopping me from retaining more length?&&&ah, that makes alot of sense. ty!"
lottikey,7ni0d4,"I think most people use wide tooth to either section and use it as a first couple of run throughs or for styling.  I don't think you're supposed to rely on it to actually detangle the head thoroughly.  After moisturizing, etc. section hair into big chunks and use the wide tooth as a preliminary sweep. As you separate into smaller sections, then use a brush to get the less obvious tangles/knots, etc.  That's how I use it, and I see people around me use it including those at the salon I go to."
