index,id,comments
Doublepuffsnstuff,8645ag,That’s about right. I personally follow up with a tea rinse to restore some moisture and get rid of any clay left behind. Does it make your curls clump too?
foxxa121,8645ag,"I agree, I replace shampoo with clay wash, then deep condition."
jamlesstoast,8645ag,"After doing a hair clay mask, what are the next steps you take?&&&Okay, I’ve tried the Aztec clay mask sometime ago, last month, but I want to use it again. I plan to do a protective style where I leave my hair in that style for a month.(still moisturizing and such) Question is, what steps do you do afterwards? Last time, I followed up with the loc method. Should I deep condition after? How does this sound;
1. Shampoo
2. Clay mask
3. Deep condition
4. LOC


"
ladyAnder,8645ag,"Usually, I use clay in place of a shampoo. That how most people use it and why I started using clay. I can never find an actual shampoo I can use so I turned to clay. And I do the same things I do afterwards as if I shampoo my hair. Conditioner and if I've time, follow it with a deep conditioner. Then it's LCO for me. 

Clay isn't a conditioner so you need to follow it up with one. "
sandysees,85zezl,"Silk scarf wraps are my favorite. 
https://bglh-marketplace.com/2012/08/10-natural-head-wrap-styles-that-can-be-done-in-10-minutes-or-less/"
wesmellthecolor9,85zezl,"Camping with natural hair&&&Does anyone have any tips on extended camping trips with natural hair? I wanted to get braids or cornrows, but can’t afford it along with the camping expenses. I’d like to do a protective style on myself to avoid tangles. 

I have type 3b/c hair, and can do a couple braids myself (goddess type) but not full on cornrows. Any ideas? Thanks in advance!"
KelzBells,85y3et,"Intro to Protective Styles&&&Hi!  I have never been on this sub before and I have also not worn a protective hairstyle in a decade.  Literally back when my mother was the one to find and pay for the braider.

I've been living in the Phoenix area for almost 2 years and think I want to try braids. Or maybe locks?  Or maybe a weave?  I literally have no idea.

This post is a cry for help!  

How do I find a braider?  How do they charge?  By the hour? By complexity?  Where do I find the hair?

 Do i need to pick a hair that matches my own color? Can I dye the hair?  Does it need to be the same texture as my own? 

Would I start my google search for a braider if I decide I want a weave style? Are those two different professions?  

How can I decide what I want when I've never seen anything like these styles on myself before? If I want a style thats part braid and part loose, which type of hair do I get?

Is this the correct place to post?  Are protective hairstyles only called protective in winter? Does this count as ""naturalhair""?

Thanks in advance."
aznewbie,85y3et,"Sigh,.. I wrote such a detailed comment to help and unfortunately the app froze and restarted 😞 

Anywho! I hope I can help. I am a somewhat experienced in venturing in protective styling and I also live in Phoenix. 

To find a braider : 
Ask friends / word of mouth 
[Facebook ](https://m.facebook.com/groups/1723616354546416?view=info)  has groups for this specific topic
Google search 

Charging will vary by style and desired look
Thicker hair means more time and could potentially mean charge more in terms of braiding. Not all places do this. 
For weaves. Higher quality hair (virgin remy human hair) cost more than synthetic hair. 
Texture of hair will depend on your desired style. This would be a great question to ask your stylist. Most stylist will have specific brands they like and can recommend. And also some places will have hair already on site. This also is an ask item. 

You could go for a different color if that’s the look you want but typically you blend with your natural hair. A beauty supply store will be able to help you pick the best match. 

Speaking of beauty supply stores. Those are the types of places you can go to find all the supplies you will need. There is Remy co ( off southern Ave & mill ave — same plaza as LA fitness) and also some sprinkled throughout The Valley. Sally beauty doesn’t have much variety compared to  that store so it’s best to find somewhere that carries large inventory. Also when going to these stores the staff can help you with all types of questions regarding texture, usage, quality & style. 


Side note : (my personal opinion) weaves —with leave out— to me are not great protective styling. The hair that is left out to be blended with the weave hair tends to be very susceptible to breakage, heat damage and loss of curl pattern. I unfortunately experienced this even with minimal heat exposure. 

What I can suggest to start is watching YouTube videos on protective styles and browsing through IG. get some inspiration and go with it. Check out , I go [here ](https://www.luxeappealstudios.com) for silk presses twice a year to get my hair trimmed and length check. They also do braids — I have not gotten them done here. 

Also I was looking into braiding [here](http://www.allmixdupaz.com/home) a friend referred me. 


TLDR; ask some friends or search social media. Go to a beauty supply store and ask all the questions you listed here. Once you find a stylist see if you can get answers to your questions or better yet a consultation. 

Dm me if you have further questions. It can be a struggle here in Phoenix finding places. It’s not as frequent as what I’m used to on the east coast. 

—Edit 
I wanted to add for my protective styling I usually go for 2 strand twists, flat twists & creative braiding styles with no added hair. I use YouTube for ideas and tutorials.  "
bexyrex,85y3et,"The really is with the advanced in crochet braids techniques you can learn to do anything. I just did a Senegalese twist extension on my 1 inch twa with rubber bands and premade crochet braids and it saved me 275$. 

You can do almost anything yourself these days with practice"
jojo571,85y3et,"I taught myself how to do install faux goddess locs by looking st YouTube videos.  

I've also had individual spring twists installed by independent braiders and gone to braid shops.

I found braiders on craigslist and yelp.

Where I live a good install costs 150 to 200.

Now that I do my own installs the cost is in time more than cash.

Good luck."
EgoDripping,85obvz,"Curly updos are very cute and retro, and our hair texture is perfect for the voluminous look! Check out Angelique Noire on YouTube!"
HowYouDoinz,85obvz,"Different/Retro styles&&&I want to try some new styles, something different than the regular twistout/puffs. My hair doesn't do well with color so what are some cute cuts"
Chocolate-dipp_,85ng5t,It looks like a mix btw 3c and 4a.
Missandei_19,85ng5t,"Help determining hair type&&&I thought it was 4c but I have been told that it’s not. What do you think it would be? 

[picture of hair ](https://imgur.com/a/QVNm0)"
beat_of_rice,85ng5t,Definitely not 4c. More along the lines for 4b and some areas of 4a. Mostly 4b though.
bexyrex,85ng5t,4a 4b at most maybe even 3c. If it was 4c you wouldn't see a single curl because the pattern is highly varient. 
keto_name0529,85ng5t,Sounds about right to me. Nowhere near 4b or 4c.
manicmidori,85ng5t,"Not confident in what the pattern is. But it's super cute, would look great with a twist out and a trim."
bbcreampapapa,85n3aa,[Alikay naturals ](https://alikaynaturals.com) sells galloon sizes for a lot of their products. I really like their lemongrass leave in. Haven’t tried anything else. 
excelzombie,85n3aa,Commenting to check back later. It feels like every time i find a brand or new product that works great they **change the formula and get bought out or some crap**. And so all that's left is taking a leap with the more expensive products (no returns allowed per my cosmetic waste resolution) Ughhhh.
lavasca,85n3aa,Only Whole Foods. My local WF has a decent selection of African Haircare products too.
potentialforparanoia,85n3aa,"Buying in Bulk&&&Does anyone know of shops that sell in bulk sizes? I really hate buying so much plastic for shampoo/leavins/conditioners that come in skinny bottles. I'm at a point where I know what my product staples are, but I don't like a monthly accumulation of more containers. Anyone else have this frustration? I'd love to buy in bigger sizes!&&&Thanks! I never would've thought to look there"
