index,id,comments
kayteach,9u74iz,DIY Mango Butter For Hair and Skin&&&[removed]
BigTittiedMathBitch,9u5znp,"Your diet is also an important factor, do some google searches to see what foods are best for hair growth and make sure you’re drinking enough water daily. "
Moya1509,9u5znp,"If you have hair on your head it is growing. Hair has life cycles, so it isn’t possible for it to just not grow for its entire life cycle, unless it is falling out. You said your hair is thick so it is probably not falling out. 

The only logical explanation is breakage.  Either from lack of moisturizing, you are going too long without washing your scalp ( product buildup can cause breakage), you are Not trimming (hair is splitting all the way up to roots and causing hair to break off), you have breakage from coloring your hair, lack of moisturizing/conditioning while the protective styles are in, leaving protective styles in too long. or rough handling when your natural hair is out. "
alienvomit,9u5znp,"I hope what I'm about to say helps, I had a protective style catastrophe 2 years sgo

My sister gave me Goddess Breads last year. Tenderheaded. Eventually, I took them out and the breakage on my hair was extremely bad. Not only that, my hair kept falling out.

I did my research and found some products;

Palmer's Root Spray, Hair Lotion, Shampoo and Conditioner. /That healed the problem.

Maintenance, I invested in oils; Vitamin E, Coconut, Jamaican Black Castor Oil, Olive Oil. I applied these to my scalp and edges as much as I felt necessary.

Now I use: Shea Moisture Shampoo & Conditioner, Jamaican Black Castor Oil and Palmer's Olive Oil Gro Therapy. 

Now my hair is extra moisturized (I wash once a month), healthy and growing. 

Also, let your hair breathe. Have a couple days to a week where you just wear it out. "
bbcreampapapa,9u5znp,"It could be that you’re not washing it enough. At one point I was protective styling with wigs for almost a whole year but I was shampooing and deep conditioning weekly. I experienced a ton of hair growth, "
evolasaj,9u5znp,"I keep my hair in protective styling basically year round & I haven’t seen any growth.&&&I’ve got 4B/C hair (the B exists in the very back for some reason). I keep it in box braids or crochets maybe 75% or the time, and the rest of the time I’m a natural gal. A big puff, two cornrows or a twist out is my go to.

My hair is pretty full & thick but it isn’t crazy long and I’ve noticed over the past 3-4 years that I haven’t seen any increase in length (it’s about shoulder length when straight). When I was young, like less than 10, I developed alopecia & the majority of my hair fell out. It did grow back really nicely but my mom thinks it never regained its full form (I’m 24 now). 

In terms of maintenance, I keep my scalp oiled. I use tea tree, either diluted with water as a spray (daily, or directly on my scalp (twice a week). I wash it maybe every 4-5 weeks using my natural hair routine (double shampoo, hot oil treatment & deep condition under the dryer). When I take my braids down, I moisturize & detangle. 

I have a couple theories surrounding my lack of growth but I wanted some insight as to why my hair won’t grow & any suggestions on how to remedy this. I do believe the alopecia played a role. I also colored my hair (before I went natural) and wore it like that for a few months. Lastly, I don’t use human/high quality hair in my protective styles. Since I keep braids in, I generally buy synthetic braiding hair - nothing fancy. But I’m wondering if this has anything to do with my no/slow growth. 

All feedback is appreciated. Thanks for reading!&&&The thing is, I don’t see breakage. When I take my protective styles out, the amount of hair that comes out isn’t alarming.

Yes, I typically wash every 4-5 weeks to do my whole routine, including deep condition. &&&Did you feel like your styles lasted shorter since you washed it? Like braids tend to frizz up in a shorter amount of time when you’re constantly in them. &&&I drink a ton of water but I didn’t consider diet. Thanks! &&&I was gonna respond to you after I had bought said products. I’ve got coconut, tea tree & castor oil. 

I currently use Shea moisture shrinkage reduction because I didn’t like how the castle oil line made my hair feel. 

I think I’ll try to incorporate them more into my protective styles routine as well. "
omojos,9u5znp,"How much breakage are you seeing?

Are you waiting 4-5 weeks to wash your hair or just to shampoo? What kind of moisturizer are you using after you wash? Do you o LT deep condition after shampooing every 5 weeks or do you regularly condition.

Your hair could be extremely dry if it goes 4-5 weeks without any real moisture."
ChocolateGlamazon27,9u5n76,"I'd actually suggest you go away from IG. There is a lot of competition right now for natural hair pages on Instagram making it hard to stand out from the crowd. 

Create your website first, invest in Facebook groups + Twitter, use Instagram as a natural hair mood board. People are more likely to buy off the bat from ecommerce compared to just a natural hair page. 

It's more professional this way. Good luck!"
Jazzers88,9u5n76,How to start off your natural hair journey. Many ppl usually go searching when they don’t know what to search for. So Yu can aid in showing ppl how to start 
ash1980ash,9u5n76,"Hi all, I have a natural hair page in IG and I’m trying to expand it into an actual business. What’s something you would like to see from a hair page?&&&&&&That’s a great point, thank you.&&&Thanks for your suggestions, I’ll definitely keep them in mind for the future.&&&Really good advice, thank you."
lavasca,9u5n76,"Influence of health and nutrition on hair.


Suggestions about getting professional hair assessments to save money and time in the natural hair journey.  Often such assessments are brief and free.

Both typing systems numeric-alpha and LOIS

Porosity 

And, reminders for people to factor in their individual features and experiences"
AdamantiumFoil,9u5l3i,"If you haven't washed your hair in a month, product buildup may be keeping whatever product you're using from getting to your actual hair strands. Washing may solve your problem. Water is the best moisturizer!"
ChildOf83,9u5l3i,"Hydration on newly dyed hair&&&I recently got mt hair professionally dyed blue and purple. It will be a month on the 11 of having it done. My hair will not retain moisture at all. I won't wash it till it's been a month. What products are you guys using for moisture? Cantu doesn't work for my hair. Any tips would be great!

TIA"
TuffTitti,9u5l3i,"glycerin products mixed with water, jerry curl products - curl activator [https://www.sallybeauty.com/hair/hair-care/textured-hair/coily-hair/curl-activator/SOFTSH34.html?list=Home%7CWhats\_new](https://www.sallybeauty.com/hair/hair-care/textured-hair/coily-hair/curl-activator/SOFTSH34.html?list=Home%7CWhats_new)"
ash1980ash,9u5l3i,"I know you haven’t washed your hair yet, but do you apply any water at all?"
Maine92,9u1aro,"Wash Day 🚿💁🏾‍♀️| On my 4c natural hair&&&She will give full details of how she grew her hair long, also on what type of hair she has and what she does on wash days."
HumbleAbbreviations,9u0pll,I am liking Dax Edge control myself.  I must stress I do not make swoops with this or in general because I look foolish.  Also Creme of Nature Argan extra strong hold is nothing to sneeze at.  Somewhat hard to find but it's doable.  People swear by Hicks but that stuff flakes up badly on my head and dries my hair out.  But I tend to gravitate towards water based edge control so you may not care for it.  
K-elise34,9u0pll,Best Products for Edges&&&Any recommendations for products to keep my edges laid throughout the day. I was hesitant to use the ECO styler after all the chatter about the chemicals in it and the Cantu edge control doesn't work for very long. I've used Carol's Daughter and it's okay. Go to products and styling methods would be a big help.
Maine92,9u0f5b,"Wash Day Routine// on long length hair .. Enjoy 🙌&&&For all naturals out there .. from newbies to pros, here a very good wash day routine. Enjoy"
TuffTitti,9u0f5b,😟they block all youtube videos smh
rayraybakery231,9u0f5b,Where is it 
Dr_Feeble,9tyvhf,"I do sometimes or I might do lose braids and wash it that way. It all depends on how dirty it is. It makes detangling a lot easier and aftercare a lot more manageable. I tend not to do this if I have a lot of product in my hair. I’ve found that if I do, my hair is not as clean after. "
LordAsbel,9tyvhf,"Does anybody here wash their hair in twist?&&&If you do, what are the steps you take when you do it? Do you ever unravel your twist? I did this last night, and what I did was this.

1. I pre-pooed/detangled my hair with water and a conditioner, twisting as I go by section

2. I washed my hair and scalp with shampoo and conditioner, leaving the twist in

3. I went by section and unraveled the twist to put in my deep conditioner, and retwisted then when I was done (this actually didn’t take that long)

4. I washed the deep conditioner out. After that I waited about half an hour for my hair to get damp instead of soaking wet.

5. I properly twisted my hair, instead of doing those chunky twist I washed in.



Is this what y’all do or am I making this harder than it has to be? I loved the results when I did this because I got 500% less breakage and tangling  than when wash my hair without doing this."
omojos,9tyvhf,"I don’t like twisting and untwisting, so I stopped. Plus I have to detangled to get into the twists so I just detangle when I style into the twists after washing.

If it works for you, you should stick to it. Edit- I want to try it if I can reduce breakage, but I need to get the patience back."
originalsoul,9tyvhf,I pretty much always wash my hair in twists. It cuts down detangling so much. 
qrtrlifecrysis,9tyvhf,"I wash/condition and detangle  in (untwisted) sections (4 on both sides, 8 total) and then do the twists by sections. It’s much faster for me personally."
yourbestbudz,9tyvhf,I use to wash in twists but I would still have to retwist afterwards. Wash day was like a 2 hour process. Now I wash and do final twist in shower. I’ll oil it after the shower. 30 minutes top doing this. 
ash1980ash,9tyhzs,"I agree with adding honey,  it’s a good humectant "
lightskinqueen3,9tyhzs,"Avocado Hair Mask&&&Hello! I plan on making an avocado hair mask this week for my 3C hair. I’m hoping to add moisture and help with growth. Any suggestions for ingredients that will help with this? 
Thanks!&&&Perfect, thank you!! &&&I’ve had some pretty bad hair masks before, I definitely intend on staying in the shower for a while. Thank you for the advice,  I appreciate it😊"
lulumajorca,9tyhzs,"Banana, honey and olive oil are good options!"
spntuesday,9tyhzs,WHEN YOU DO THIS WASH IT OUT OF YOUR HAIR FOR ATLEAST TEN MINUTES STRAIGHT. I thought I had all the avocado out but it was still there . And mash the avocado until you can mash no more. I beg you. Save yourself.
ChocolateGlamazon27,9tuunt,Outre hair has good pack hair for affordable prices at Sam's Beauty. 
_totallysafeforwork,9tuunt,"I buy my hair from [Vegas Queen Hair](https://vegasqueenhair.com/collections/sale).This is hands down the best bundles I've ever owned. They're pretty affordable and the oldest ones I have lasted me over a year so far. 

What kind of hair did you get last time?? What did they say was wrong with it "
moonchild2998,9tuunt,"Good hair for sew in?&&&Hello! I’m pretty new to getting extensions and braids and such. The last time I got my hair braided the lady complained up and down about the hair I bought. I’m trying to avoid that entire fiasco again.

What kind of hair is good for sew in? Not too expensive but also nice? &&&Thanks for the link! I’ll have to check it out. 

I got hair from amazon. I got their and they complained that it was plastic, it was too hard to get into my hair, a lot of stuff. I think the biggest issue was they the like for customer to buy hair from them, but their color selection was basic as hell. It doesn’t matter, I won’t be returning to them. I’m not paying $150+ to listen to someone complain at me while I have a headache from tight braiding. "
Fringlish12,9tp2u1,Hi quick question. Is it possible to have a co-wash and stretch out the hair with 4c/b hair or is it not a thing ?&&&[removed]
ChocolateGlamazon27,9tkyu9,"Those people aren't your friends if they can make disparaging comments about braids. 

The frank and honest advice is to make new friends who won't judge you for being natural. Your family won't care as much as you think. 

Good luck. &&&Those people aren't your friends if they can make disparaging comments about braids. 

The frank and honest advice is to make new friends who won't judge you for being natural. Your family won't care as much as you think. 

Good luck. "
lavasca,9tkyu9,"I would recommend this now that you’re a few months in:


Get a natural looking weave of similar length for the next 3-6 months.

WHY:  You still look like you. People get used to seeing you with natural hair. If you’re not big chopping you can be gentle with the area of yout hair where natural and relaxed meet.

It gives you the opportunity to practice natural hair care without making a huge transistoon at once. 

Gradually trim away the relaxed hair.

This will likelu help keep your hair healthy and keep both your mom and grandma quiet!  


Also, cutting your hair can be traumatic.  Long to short people treat me very differently.  I can’t deal with wearing my hair short.  I tried a weave once that was actually shorter than my hair but showed my length MAJOR difference in how people treated me. It doesn’t matter whether my hair is relaxed or natural as long as it is longer.


TLDR - Use a weave while transitioning to get mom & grandma off your back and ease the change. You can condition and protect your hair simultaneously."
spycegyal96100,9tkyu9,"Tips for transitioning to natural hair and dealing with reaction from family and friends?&&&I'm 22 and I've decided that I want to transition to my natural hair. My mom relaxed my hair when I was 7 so I've had relaxed hair for the majority of my life. My relaxed hair has always been long (about bra strap length) and healthy. My last relaxer was in August so it's been about almost 3 months post relaxer. The longest I've gone was 4 months post relaxer because I was studying abroad and my hair was still fairly manageable. I want to transition for 2 years and I've been thinking of getting Senegalese twists or box braids as protective hairstyles.

The one thing I'm worried about is my reaction to my natural hair and protective styles from family and friends. My grandmother has relaxed her hair for at least 50 years (!!!) and my mom is relaxed too. When I told my mom about going natural she was okay with it but made comments saying that as a natural I will never have long hair again. My grandmother kept asking about why I want to go natural. My dad is fine with it and said to do whatever makes me happy.

I'm more concerned about my friends though. The majority of people in my friend group are white or non-black POC and I find that some of my non-black POC friends may make nasty comments about my natural hair. One of my friends who's asian said to not get braids or twists because people that get that hairstyle always end up looking half bald (a dumb comment). Considering they only know me with relaxed hair I'm scared that I'll be faced with weird comments and questions or treated like an animal in a zoo because of my hair.

&#x200B;

Anyway, does anyone have tips for a 2 year transition to natural hair and comments from friends/family?"
sqwzmahmeatybts,9tkyu9,"It's scary, and it's foreign, and it's stressful but it's worth it, I promise.

Also people who would say such terrible things are uninformed or not your real friends. I would inform them if I really cared about them. After that, all bets are off, mental safety/health = Priority #1"
Embarrassed_Cow,9ti7xi,Worry about your edges&&&So when I was a little girl my mom pulled my hair too tight and I lost my edges pretty quick. I dont actually remember ever having them. My whole family seems to think that theyll grow back one day but I'm 26 now and they are what they are. I keep my hair really healthy. I cant put it up obviously because of the edges and Ive been natural since I moved out of  the house. I spend a majority of my time and money in making sure its the best it can be. Its still pretty short because of the chemicals my mom put in my hair my whole life as well.  I dont have a question or anything. I just wanted to remind people that its not always the persons fault when it comes to edges. Parents make a lot of decisons that can end up doing irraparable damage. I now have to think of new and creative ways to style my hair and I have to wear bandanas to cover it if I want wear it up and most of those cute youtube styles cant apply to me. I just want to remind parents to be careful and love their childs hair. Ive had self esteme issues my whole life because of it.&&&Hmmm maybe my diet is apart of the problem. A long with a bit of life stress making it fallout. Otherwise i keep it hydrated and dont touch it.&&&Yea when ivd gotten them done ill tell them a million times to chill on the edges that i have and everytime they still do them to tight. I cant tell while theyre doing them cause i cant feel it but then i get home and just end up taking them out and doing them myself. Its rediculous.
Lvshlillies,9ti7xi,I just pm you
TheYellowRose,9ti7xi,"I have chemical burns on the back on my head from bad relaxers my mom made me get as a kid :( I can never rock a really short haircut because of it, it sucks."
cocainetea,9ti7xi,"I’ve gotten my hair braided with box braids and twice, they’ve braided my edges too damn tight. So when I’ve taken the braids out, my edges were POOF, GONE. "
geauxnadj,9ti7xi,You’re beautiful regardless love! 
lottikey,9ti7xi,"True, also I just want to add, if you're someone that does baby hair and gels their edges often, that leads to breakage.  A lot of these edge control products are like two steps away from glue and they should be washed/removed daily so our hair don't break off.  "
n_kaye,9ti7xi,"I had absolutely no edges for the longest time. My hair was permed without my consent, and my mom didn’t know what to do with my hair once my new growth really started coming in. I wore ponytails pretty much every day for almost 15 years, and as a result of that my edges were snatched. 

The first year I was natural, I did castor oil on my edges every morning and wild growth every night. I didn’t manipulate my TWA into any style that would cause tension around the edges. I prayed over these lil baby hairs 😂 They’re still nowhere near where I want them, but I’m glad I’m finally seeing results almost 3 years after the big chop. "
omojos,9ti7xi,"If your hair stays short for some reason without cutting, it sounds more like breakage than prior relaxer use."
ArcNelkul,9tg3w2,"Cuticle Damage&&&I’ve been thinking about how terrible my hair is at holding in moisture, even when I moisturize and use sealants properly. I’m also beginning to think that my hair may not only be high porosity but also that the cuticles themselves may be damaged.

Is there any way to undo severe damage done to cuticles over *years* of overbrushing and mistreatment, or should I cut it all off and start over?&&&Oooh, I bought a 1-use pack of that a while back but never ended up using it. I’ll try it this weekend. Thanks for the advice!&&&That might be the case. I didn’t know that about type 4 either. I do have 4a/b so I’ll think about that too. Thanks for the advice!"
TuffTitti,9tg3w2,you might get by with protein treatments monthly - aphogee is pretty good
cocolanoire,9tg3w2,"You’re probably not using the right regimen for your hair type. Also note that if you’re a type 4, your hair might feel dry even if it’s well moisturised. "
Bigc_33,9te6fl,My parents love me hair along with family friends 
MahBubblesSW,9te6fl,"Does your family/friends like your natural hair? or hate it?&&&(4c) 
My family doesn't really mind it much, but my mom is always saying how my hair in its natural curl pattern is undone or messy;(

My friends love my natural hair and they compliment how soft and full it is and healthy looking.

if you want you can share stories :)"
Supposed_too,9te6fl,"My family liked it because my hair was more of a hot mess when it was permed because I hate, hate, hate spending all day in a salon getting touchups or burning the heck out of my hair DIY.  So most of the time my relaxed hair looked like I was growing it out anyway."
UnsatisfiableStar,9te6fl,"My family was happy with whatever I did with my hair, as long as I didn't cut it, but I did anyway. "
bdd4,9te6fl,I don't know because I don't care. 
bennodabear,9te6fl,"My friends and family like it. My dad is always saying I should wear it in one of those 70s afros. Strangers like it too. It's only  those few childish assholes who think it's ""nappy"" "
cocainetea,9te6fl,"When I first transitioned, no one believe that I would be able to do it. My mother permed my hair when I was as young as 5-6. She hated how my hair was bc I refused to do the big chop, just grew out my hair for a year until I cut it all off. She begged me to get a perm. Now I’m almost 3 years natural, all of my permed hair is dead gone and my mother fuckin LOVES it and always asks if that’s my real hair. 🙄"
ellamaii,9te6fl,"My mother was so angry with me when I wanted to go natural cause she thought I couldn’t “handle” it. Now that my hair is long and I wear it in wash and go’s my mom obsesses over it but only when it’s “curly” (I’m 4a and my hair hangs and gets more Afro like the longer I go without washing). When it gets to an Afro state, she goes back to criticizing. 

My dad and brother’s have always loved it though. Also my extended family always obsesses over it! They’re always enthused when anyone goes natural 😂 As for my friends, they were thrilled, which is to be expected cause almost all of them are natural!"
lavasca,9te6fl,"Love!

My family was relieved when I went back natural.  Most women in my family are natural.

It was my husband’s idea for me to go natural."
Fringlish65,9te4k8,Natural hair love for fast hair growth&&&[removed]
Jazzers88,9td3p3,"Shedding Issues&&&I know shedding is normal for anyone even animals but I juss have a sense that I shed too damn much. Compared to the many ppl I watch on YouTube to mines , it seems there maybe some issues with my hair. A great deal of hair comes out when I do my wash, maybe like a good handful, from my thumb to the crease line before your other fingers start. Other than that my hair is healthy & and I really feel like this this the culprit with my hair growth stalling. Wondering if there were any tips ppl could offer besides tea rinses to help. Thanx "
Phoenix_Kiana,9td3p3,"Stress and your nutrition can play a big role on hair loss. My wife went through a time just recently in fact where for a few months she was losing a lot of hair, at least it appeared that way. One day she took a shower and realized it had slowed down."
_totallysafeforwork,9td3p3,"Are there little white bulbs at the ends of the strands? If so, then it is true shedding. If no, then its probably breakage if it's affecting your hair growth.

The best tips for breakage are:

- A proper balance between moisture and protein 

- Sealing the moisture in your hair with a light oil (LCO Method)

- A proper trim

- Correct nightly care (wrapping hair with silk scarf) 

- Being gentle while detangling "
ash1980ash,9td3p3,Prepoo treatments and protein treatments helps with my shedding
sol_la_soul,9td3p3,YouTube black tea rinsing 
BeautifulGorgeous97,9tczy5,I use the hair food and herbal gro.
ObzieConCarne,9tczy5,"No shampoo, just co-wash and occasional clay masks for me."
PinkPurse12,9tczy5,A little grease goes a long way. I use Softee Indian Hemp.
bdd4,9tczy5,Theorie Hydrating
littleMissMuffet1234,9tczy5,"4c shampoo?&&&Hey everyone, 

I have 4c hair. I love it. I just hate it right after wash day. After 48hrs and I style it again (I use Karen's Body Beautiful), I'm back to normal. 

Any recommendations on shampoo brands to skip the 2-day dryness? &&&Just curious - do you ever have any issues with product build-up? I'd be interested to know what co-wash you use &&&Oldie, but goodie. Thank you! &&&Do you have a go-to conditioner brand? "
omojos,9tczy5,"I stopped using shampoo because even if it is sulfate free, it felt like my hair was too dry. I just use conditioner to rinse my hair."
spntuesday,9tczy5,"r/curlyhair has a beginner routine, ton of product suggestions and advice! "
25_timesthefine,9tay8v,It reallllyyyy does give headaches. I tried to use it but I thought I had mixed it with coconut oil but obvs I didn’t mix it enough. I had a headache in that one spot on my scalp. 
DepressedAlchemist,9tay8v,"It worked for me, but there are several other and cheaper ways to stimulate hair growth."
ObzieConCarne,9tay8v,"But ""Beauty Knows No Pain"" lol I feel you this is ridiculous."
TuffTitti,9tay8v,"Yes it's way better to use essential oils like neem oil, cinnamon oil, tea tree oil, eucalyptus oil, peppermint oil or rosemary oil to treat  seborrhic dermatitis, fungal infection, dandruff etc. than using monistat. I also like apple cider vinegar scalp rinses too. Sulfur works too but the smell ooh wee!"
bennodabear,9tay8v,Is this what ppl are resorting to? Hair growth isn't that  serious. 
dontputthatjujuonme,9tay8v,"Monistat 7&&&I’ve heard from different people that Monistat 7 is good for regrowing edges, but recently I’ve heard that is good for hair growth. Any truth to this? Has anyone actually tried it for hair growth and it worked? I want some feedback before I slather it all over my scalp! &&&Thanks! That’s what I was trying to figure out. I definitely don’t want headaches as a side effect. I think I’m going to try Jamaican Black Castor Oil. &&&What other things could be used?&&&Thanks! I just used Sulfur8 a few days ago and I can still smell it!&&&That’s a weird side effect and one that I do want to avoid!"
ladyAnder,9tay8v,"Why would you...why is this a thing?

No, please don't. 

Now I've been known to experiment with different substances such as oils, teas, herbs, and essential oils but I do draw a line at this sort of thing.  I mean use castor oil, rosemary or peppermint essential oil. Massage your scalp everyday, keep it clean, and drink plenty of water. Not to mention eat your greens. Just don't put that on your scalp. It isn't made for your scalp. "
omojos,9tay8v,"I remember about 10 years ago a lot of women posting online raved about putting Monistat on their scalp and claimed positive results. The biggest problem they constantly complained of is getting headaches from using it, which is one of many signs to me it shouldn’t have been used on the scalp in the first place. Keep in mind what the cream is for. It reduces yeast. I believe the whole point is it is anti-fungal. You can get the same results from using products that are actually okay for long term application to your skin, instead of vaginal medicine.

Tea tree oil does the same thing. Also keeping your hair from being suffocated or dirty helps. Jamaican Black Castor oil also helped a small balding spot in my edges grow in stronger without breaking off."
sqwzmahmeatybts,9tay8v,"Exactly what I came here to say. It only makes a difference  if you're dealing with fungal issues/infections on your scalp, in my research."
retro5191,9t6nb8,Natural hair&&&[removed]
Blergh_MaGerks,9t17om,"My God I hope not. I rely on her original line for my hair. Nothing else works as well, and damn well everything has glycerin in it. If it changes, I'll be heartbroken! "
HumbleAbbreviations,9t17om,"I am still mad that I have purchased the twisting butter, moisture milk, and shampoo.  Lost the receipt and I am struggling trying to use it up."
IMJUSTHERE_11,9t17om,Yes! The moisture butter isn’t moisturizing my hair like it use too. I thought it was me but the curl enhancing smoothie did the same thing before I stopped using it.  
Midnight_Moon29,9t17om,"Is Camille Rose Naturals going the way of Shea Moisture?&&&Lately I've noticed a lot of new products coming out, which is good, but for some reason I get the feeling they're about to be ""Shea Moistured."" One of my favorite products from them, the Fresh Curl hair smoother seems to have changed ingredients already... I really hope she doesn't sell out.&&&From what I can tell Janell Stephens still owns Camille Rose Naturals. I hope it stays that way.&&&I'm just wondering this because I'm seeing so many new products appear very quickly. Remember when Shea Moisture released a new product every week? They had dragon fruit conditioner, agave shampoo, comet dust leave in, etc. However, if you looked on the back of the bottle, the ingredients were pretty much the same.&&&I hear you. These are the only products that have really worked well on my hair."
Sandyeller,9t17om,"Wait, what do you mean going the way of Shea moisture? "
Vanrayy12,9t17om,Nope. Just good business to expand products there is demand for. 
Wife2Omar,9t17om,"Wow I thought I was the only one who noticed the change in some of Shea Moisture’s formulations. For example, I love the Coconut & Hibiscus Curl Enhancing Smoothie. I hadn’t bought some in a while - it’s perfect for my wash and go’s and I had spent almost a year alternating between crochet styles and braids. I just got some this past week...it’s definitely NOT the same formula from a few years ago. Still smells good but the texture was off - it was a lot heavier/thicker. "
danysiggy,9t17om,"Did they get bought out recently? That’s what happened with Shea Moisture, right?"
mochigoodness,9t17om,"I hope not.  I really like her like a lot, I've actually stopped checking out other lines, I've turned into a Camille Rose junkie.  

I do wish she sold sample packs of her line, I really didn't like her Lavender collection, (which I bought in it's entirely), it was not a good lavender smell, IMO.  

The Leave-in trio though, wow.  The smell is awesome and this morning, after using the honey hydrate/latte/tea trio, my hair was amazing.  The honey hydrate in particular, smelled soooo good and really felt good on my hair. Very moisturizing. 12 hours later, no where near as defined :(  But for the first part of the day, glorious defined curls.  

I'm actually beginning to wonder if I should give up wearing my hair out.  Maybe I should look at more updos.  Or adding a gel on top of the trio.  "
musaab1996,9t17om,I use the leave in and the shit literally completely dries out my hair. Lol 
omojos,9t17om,"When the founders sell out and make their product “mainstream.” They alter ingredients and advertising to appeal to white and other non-black women with looser textures and less kinky hair. They abandon what worked for the black people who made them rich in the first place, and we have to find something else while white women rave about products that have the same ingredients they can get in most other brands that already existed."
