index,id,comments
GrillMarks0,8v4vte,"Frangrance free conditioner with slip??&&&Can anyone recommend a fragrance free conditioner with slip or any suggestions on what else I can do? I typically use Herbal Essence Hello Hydration or Aussie Moist but my scalp just can' take it anymore . 

Also, if anyone has any recommendations for leave- ins or heat protection that are fragrance free  or hypoallergenic I would appreciate this also. 

Thanks"
ObzieConCarne,8v4vte,Jessicurl has fragrance free stuff that I like. 
feelingsavoider,8v4vte,"Not sure if it meets both the fragrance free and hypoallergenic criteria but i know that neutrogena has some stripped down shampoos and conditioners. 

I don’t have issues to where I need them, but my younger brother struggles a lot with sensitive skin/scalp and that’s what he has found works for him. 

Best of luck to you! "
TheSourestPatch,8v4glm,"Hi! It sounds like you have some great inspiration for what to do with your hair in terms of products and methods. In terms of timing, when can you sit down and play? Take a day when you have nothing planned to experiment with your hair. Pick a simple style you like, pick your method, lay out your tools: towels, combs, products, all that. 

If I'm trying something new, I will likely have my favorite instructional video of the particular style on while I teach myself. 

Start early so you have time for plenty of breaks. Pay attention to how long it takes you to get through each process: wash, detangle, styling, and later taking down your style. Write it down if you like, that way you have hard data. 

How often you wash depends on how your hair feels. Greasy or gritty feeling, or musty smell and not like your delish hair products are sure signs. Maybe you may go outside a lot, it may be very hot or you sweat a lot in general, or you can feel/ see product build up. Every one to two weeks is what I do and alternate cowash and wash days as I live in a dry climate. 

As you're just starting, plan your wash and style days when you have nothing to do so that you can take your time. Over time, you'll know how long each process takes you and will even be able to plan them into days when you plan to go out. 

In terms of itchy scalp, are you drinking plenty of water? Moisturizing your scalp? I use Cantu tea tree and jojoba hair and scalp oil. I too got overwhelmed by all the info about which products to use for what and went with something that didn't look complicated for scalp and was in my budget.  Also, remember that this is the very beginning of your journey, you'll see a lot of changes in your hair and skin over time so be patient. 
Finally, what you eat has A LOT to do with how you look and feel. Eat well, stay hydrated and see what happens. 

I love your enthusiasm! You're doing a very difficult thing in making all these changes, it will be hard. The biggest kudos to you for starting, that was honestly the hardest. One step at a time, one thing at a time. You got this!"
arradial,8v4glm,"First, I just wanted to say it’s awesome you’re taking this step. I believe your right, just having your hair look good for you and taking care of yourself will help you because it’s a positive change. 

Second, you’re not alone. Many women have to learn how to take care of their hair on their own when they are adults because they decide to go natural. 

I think the best thing you can do is start very simple so that you can establish a routine. So wash day might look like:
1. Separate hair into 4 sections with hair ties. Finger detangle to make sure there’s no big knots. This way it doesn’t get tangled during washing. Put the hair ties in the middle (not right at your scalp) so that you can access your scalp. 
2. Shampoo. Clean your scalp and hair throughly and then rinse. 
3. Condition. Make sure your hair is saturated and leave it on while you shower. Then rinse. 
4. Out of the shower take down a section, apply moisturizer, finger comb or wide tooth comb to detangle, then put the hair tie back on. Avoid getting moisturizer or anything on your scalp (since you have an itchy scalp, you should get it checked out at the doctor when you’re ready).
5. Once everything is moisturized, put your hair in a bun, two braids or flat twists, or any simple style that is easy for you to do. Wear a scarf at night and any time your going to lay your head on things. 
6. Repeat once a week. Feel free to add more moisturizer if your hair feels dry in between. 

Once you’ve done a basic regimen for a month, you’ll start to figure out what is comfortable for you. Then you can add things like hot oil treatments or more products. 

I think that naptural85, naturallyhigh, nappyfu, and greenbeautychannel on YouTube have great basic videos that explain things well and keep it simple. I especially like naptrual85’s most recent video on how she does her daughter’s hair because it is really simple and just like how I do mine. "
bbcreampapapa,8v4glm,"My hair is much shorter than yours ( I have a tiny Afro) and a 4b texture but here’s my routine: 

Twice a week cowash (washing my hair but with conditioner only), deep condition every other wash day, I detangle my hair during the cowash of deep conditioning depending on what day it is, apply leave in with a raking method in sections, apply styling cream with the raking method in sections, I prefer to do my wash routine in the morning so it’ll have time to air dry if not I use my blow dryer with a diffuser to dry it.

On non wash days I don’t really do anything to my hair if it’s feeling dry after a couple of days I’ll put a little leave in on it. 

I work out 3-5 times a week I don’t do anything with my hair during my workouts. I wear my hair in a wash n go (wear it out curly) so I don’t have to worry about frizz or sweating my hair out. 

Good luck on your journey! Keep me updated and let me know if you have any questions. "
geminijas,8v4glm,"I've never cared for my hair before, and I don't know where to start (I really need a regimen)&&&I apologize in advanced for the long post, but I’m really getting overwhelmed and I just need a lot of help.

As the title states, I’ve never taken care of my hair before. I would get it flat-ironed once every three months or something when my mom would force me, but other than that I did nothing to it. I mean literally nothing. Didn’t wash it. Didn’t put something on it at night. Nothing.

I have severe depression and agoraphobia. I sometimes go months without so much as leaving the house to check the mail (and when I had to leave, I'd always wear a hat). I’ve never had any friends before; the only people I talk to are my parents. So, there’s no one for me to ask for help about this.

My mom always had her hair cut short, so even as a child no one ever did my hair for me (she didn't know how). I got relaxers (or perms? I’m not sure what the difference is) a lot as a kid, up until my mental illness got so bad that I didn’t see the point in looking “nice."" I think the last one I got was when I was in middle school? I’m 25 now.

Anyway, I hate how I look. No one really sees me, but still… I’ve always hated myself. I’m 25 with absolutely no idea how to be someone my age. Or even a functioning person (and it’s probably too late to try, but…).

I tried to make a schedule for myself. And I needed to plan a full routine, like when to eat or brush my teeth or when to bathe, because I never bothered to do any of that stuff regularly.

Though, with my hair… I’ve watched so many YouTube videos and researched when and how often to do everything, but I’ve gotten so overwhelmed that it caused a panic attack. I don’t know what to do, and it’s discouraging.

What I’ve scheduled so far is a wash day routine where I plan on deep conditioning and doing a hot oil treatment (?), but I don’t… know what to do for the other six days. Or even if you're supposed to wash your hair/deep condition in the morning or night? How often do you LOC (or LCO, I’m not sure)? What do you do with your hair in-between wash days? Do you spray it with a water bottle? Or something else? What time should all of this be done?

I don’t know what a weekly regime would look like and I haven’t really seen anything that details it. Mainly because a lot of people assume (understandably so) that people know how to mange their hair somewhat, so the things about weekly routines that I’ve found on YouTube haven’t helped because they're so vague. Or I’ve found so many conflicting tips that it led to me panicking.

So--- would someone detail how they manage their hair? My hair is also really heat damaged, as you could probably guess. It’s probably like 3C/4A up to my ears, but then wavy down to my shoulders. I don’t know what porosity it is, only that it gets really dry, really quickly (I’ve tried researching that, but again, I get overwhelmed really easily and so I didn’t venture into it thoroughly). I also have a really itchy scalp, and even now that I've taken to washing my hair weekly, it still itches.

Also, I’m not big chopping. Something like that would trigger my anxiety, because I’d be so afraid of messing up. And also because I just don't want to cut my hair. So, with transitioning hair, that would probably mean doing twist outs (I don't know how to braid yet, so)? How would you maintain that throughout the week? How often should you do them?

I also plan to start working out eventually, so is there something special I have to do when I sweat or...? Some people have said yes, some no, I just... I don't know.

I just want my hair to look nice, even though I don't go anywhere. I feel like that's where I should begin when it comes to getting better mentally; if I could figure out how to like myself, I could work on leaving the house.

But anyway, I know it’s pathetic, but I just need a detailed routine (with times, because I’m not sure when to do anything. Morning? Night?)

Also, sorry if I did something wrong by posting here, or if this is something I shouldn't ask.

Edit: I’m sorry if I’m slow to reply (or if I don’t reply at all), I get anxiety talking to people even over the computer. But, I’ve read everything and the replies I’ve gotten here have been so helpful! I feel a little less overwhelmed now than when I did watching random YouTube videos.&&&Thank you for the reply! I never thought about washing my hair twice a week; I was kind of scared of the videos that said you could “drown your hair if you wet it too much” or something. But I guess it just depends on the hair? Should I try washing twice a week since my hair is always dry or would that dry it out even more?

I can’t really do a wash-n-go though, since my straight ends stick out. That’s one of the main reasons why I got discouraged; I didn’t really know what to do other than cut it (which I can't bring myself to do right now). But, is it better for my hair (especially since I’m not quite ready to leave the house anyway) if I just leave it be? Or would trying to style it/hide the straight ends (twists, braids, buns, etc) everyday damage my hair? Sorry if that’s kind of a dumb question.&&&This is incredibly helpful, especially the bit about the hair ties while washing. I didn’t know that. I also wasn't sectioning my hair before, so I will take the time to do that next time.

Also, thank you so much for the YouTube recommendations! Naptural85 even has a video called “a complete week in my hair” that’s 17mins long, as opposed to the other 5min videos that I’ve seen. I'm not sure how I didn't stumble upon her before.&&&Thank you! Your advice aligns with what others have said, so I’m definitely going to follow this. 

As for stylists, having someone come to me isn’t really an option for a lot of reasons, but mostly because I can’t really articulate what I want in person. And, at 25, I’m just embarrassed that I can’t just… talk.

But, with cutting/trimming in general: the straight ends are mostly on the hair at the crown of my head, especially the front ends since I used to get bangs every time I flat-ironed. Maybe, if I’m ever confident enough, I could cut them and make a curly bang? Or… I don’t know, does having a few uneven strands stand out with naturals? Because my hair is okay in the back, and I can wear a half up/half down thing and push the damage in a bun. But if I cut JUST those pieces, I’m not sure what that would look like. Most videos of big chopping have people cutting off… basically all of their hair.&&&Thank you for your advice and the encouragement! 

I was trying to build the perfect schedule—not even just for hair-care, but in general—and I never even considered starting off doing simple things, and then building up to a routine as I go. I have an issue with perfectionism; like, if something isn’t perfectly planned or perfectly executed, I’ll avoid doing it altogether. So, thank you and everyone else that suggested building up to a routine. It makes things a lot less overwhelming, and I still get to keep things in a schedule.  "
mangosupremacy,8v4glm,"Hi there,
My background is very similar to yours- I grew up with texturizers and perms and didn’t really have anyone to show me how to take care of my hair. YouTube is saturated with natural hair care videos, and it took me some time to weed out those with good advice from those with unhelpful/misinformed advice. I personally enjoy “willonawhim”, and almost exclusively watch him for natural hair care information. His videos are kind of different from most others’ because he focuses on how to have healthy hair and how hair in general works rather than how to do “X hairstyle” with “Y and Z products” (however, he has plenty hairstyle tutorial videos). For example, he explains why it’s important to keep hair moisturized, how to tell when to trim your ends, terminology like porosity, elasticity, etc....

He’s also just generally fun to watch because he’s very positive, down to earth, and often shares his own misadventures he came across during his natural hair journey. I think I’m hyping him so much because watching his videos has genuinely helped my self esteem and helped me realize that I have the power to control how I look and can feel good about myself. 

From the way you described your hair, you have high porosity- your hair gets wet really easily and your hair dries really quickly. What does this mean for you? Keep your hair moisturized throughout the day. Buy a spray bottle and spray your hair with water.. Use moisturizing creams where the first ingredient is water. Never style without water. Hair needs moisture to stay healthy and grow. 

I wish you the best of luck, please don’t feel like you’re alone. If you were the only person struggling with hair, there wouldn’t be a million videos on YouTube natural hair care. "
riddle_me_this1,8v4glm,"Hey! I'm not confident enough about my own routine to give you such substantial advice, but

> I’m 25 with absolutely no idea how to be someone my age. Or even a functioning person (and it’s probably too late to try, but…).

This right here. It's *never* too late, and you posting here is an indication that deep down, you know it to be true. It's been hard and it's gonna involve you figuring yourself out because what works for other people won't necessarily work for you. Good luck, and I hope you feel comfortable enough to post more and seek help with this journey (hair-related or not) rather than give up :)"
susurrati0n,8v4glm,"I did the big chop a few months ago (when my hair was about shoulder length) and I totally understand how you feel!! There are so many tips, routines, products and it can get really overwhelming. I would suggest finding someone who has similar hair to you and maybe try out their routine. 

&nbsp;
As for a specifics:  
 1) wash with SLS free shampoo or diluted AVC whenever your hair feel greasy, when it doesn't a conditioner only wash (co-wash) should suffice. This can be done once or twice a week depending on how dry/ oily your hair is.   
2) LOC/ LCO is done after washing and in between washes when your hair is looking a little dry. Try both methods and see which one works for you - I've heard LOC works better for high porosity (which I assume your hair is because of the heat damage). You can use store bought leave-in but I just put water and conditioner in a spray bottle and use that.    
3) deep conditioning should be done once a week - especially for damaged hair - this can be store bought or home made.  

&nbsp; 

Once you get the basics down, then maybe you can incorporate hot oil treatments etc. I’ve noticed that what helps me feel less anxious/ overwhelmed is keeping it simple and slowly adding things. You have to be patient with your self, you’ll figure it out eventually!!  

>What time should all of this be done?  

There’s no right time, but I usually do it in the morning because I’m too lazy at night.  

&nbsp; 

>I’m 25 with absolutely no idea how to be someone my age. Or even a functioning person (and it’s probably too late to try . 

25 is definitely not too late. I have anxiety and know this feeling too well  - I want you to know that your not alone in this. You should try to speak to a professional - you can even do it online if your not up for leaving the house. It can help a lot just talking to someone. 

&nbsp;

Hope this was helpful. I wish you the best in your natural hair journey!"
that_girl_there409,8v4glm,"I transitioned until my natural hair was between jawline and shoulder length, then had the remaining permed ends chopped off. The stylist advised me to wash every week and deep condition every two weeks. Having two daughters who are also natural made hair days and keeping my routine seem waaaaay too long so I fell off a routine for a few months. My hair suffered a little from not keeping a routine and because I was (still kinda am) a lazy natural by keeping my hair in a high puff. My ends were super dry and brittle. So I did like you, and all of us, and got on YouTube and watched tons of videos and tutorials to help me learn about my hair and how to care for it. I played around with different products and routines until I got results that I liked. 

My wash day routine consists of sectioning my hair into 4 parts and detangling each section. I finger detangle to gently separate the hair and then use a comb to remove any shedding hair that I missed. After that, I wash then rinse then deep condition for 30 minutes. I rinse that out and I spray a mixture of aloe vera juice, leave-in conditioner and an oil (black castor, olive oil, jojoba, whatever) in my hair and I'll do either 2 strand twist throughout my hair (which I did today) or do a flat twist style. I try not to go more than 3 weeks without doing this routine, but since it's summer and hot, I do apple cider and water rinses once a week, followed by my spray leave-in mix.

Throughout the week I use the spray mixture (with some water added to it) on my hair as moisturizer and massage it in my hair. 

I also trim my ends a little probably every 2-3 months and it's never more than an inch, usually around a centimeter. I'll admit, sometimes I get heavy handed and take too much, but it's hair and it'll grow back. I'll also admit that my hair is a million different lengths right now, but I do plan on getting it properly cut so that my styles look better. 

If you're not comfortable leaving the house to go to a salon, would you consider someone coming to you, if that's an option? If not, then hopefully some of the information that I have shared along with the other commenters will help you find and understand how to care for your hair. 



"
TheBlessedQueens,8v0wm3,What is your Current Hair Struggle?!&&&[removed]
DysfunctionalTeam,8ulrle,"I am so sick of not being able to do what I want with my hair&&&I have had such a long journey to excepting my hair but even now I am not able to do what I want with it and be proud because of the color of my skin.&&&I feel that I can't do what I want out of fear. I really want box braids and I have for years because I am disabled and unable to braid and mange my hair the way I would like to. I have about the usual amount of unsupportive people in my life when it comes to my hair, plus strangers. I am hoping to get box braids on an upcoming trip to New York but I am still unsure and I don't really have any people to talk to about it.&&&Thank you for the support there is only one problem. I am White bordering on albino which has always excluded me from the natural hair movement and isolated me from the support of people like me with the crazy curls or the afro. I have gone through the hair struggles that I hear everyone talk about but I am still excluded because of my skin. I understand the pain and the history but people don't know that and might get offended. "
buttery336,8ulrle,"Why do you feel as if you can’t do what you want with it? What are you looking to do? Is your hair the issue or outside forces such as job, family, etc putting down your style choices? I don’t really have any suggestions without knowing a little more information, but I’m sorry this is happening to you. &&&I hear you! But people will always have something to say about whatever you do. When I first went natural I cut my hair into a bald fade and people hated it. People that knew me didn’t mind telling me they didn’t like it, asking me why I did it, etc. It’s been a little over a year and my hair has grown back nicely, but people still tell me I should “go back to relaxer” and “straighten my hair” and stuff. Do what makes YOU happy!!!!!! If you want box braids, get them. Yes you will have people who won’t agree or support it but that’s okay, it’s not on their head! Have fun on your trip and I hope that you decide to lay down your fear and go for what you want!"
BB770M,8u13i9,"My Goodness is My Hair Difficult&&&I have 4c super thick low porosity hair. I was using my medicated shampoo and then rinsed that out. Then I used a moisturizing shampoo on the rest of my hair. After rinsing that out I used a deep conditioner. Around this point is when my hair started to feel absolutely awful. I tried keeping it in but It wasnt feeling better so I rinsed it out. I tried putting protein in my hair since thats what helped last time my hair felt like straw and plastic. No difference. I washed it out and gave up. Right now im trying to figure out why my hair randomly does this. And this has happened on random occasions before I even started using a medicated shampoo. Can someone please help?!

Update: I talked to a stylist and decided to try pantene again. It works!&&&Jojoba oil."
Honeychile6841,8u13i9,What oil do you seal your hair with?
bbrae_alldayerrday,8u13i9,"Wow are you me? I also have super thick low porosity 4c hair that is currently misbehaving. 

Could it be that you have some product buildup? If that's the case you need to wash with a clarifying shampoo, maybe with some tea tree oil.

Or maybe it's protein overload? Then use a moisturizing mask with a hooded dryer or steamer. Add some oils or butters to it and stay away from anything with protein. I'd recommend trying a wash day with the a cheap conditioner/favorite oil pre poo  clarifying shampoo followed by the mask.

Also I've recently discovered that my hair likes avocado oil, so I'd recommend giving that a try. I'm coming to terms with the fact that Shea butter leaves my hair feeling rough dry and a little sticky (I still like it on my ends), so if you use a lot of Shea butter maybe experiment with using less?

One last thing: all of my recommendations are kind of based on current my hair issues. Right now my hands are messed up and because my hair is very thick, I've been having trouble with washing and rinsing it thoroughly. It can be extremely difficult to apply products to our type hair and rinse them all the way out. If this is the case for you, you may still have shampoos/conditioners/protein/leave-ins in your hair. So you should consider having someone else wash it for you, or working in very small sections."
that_girl_there409,8u13i9,"If any of the shampoos or conditioners you are using contain protein, and the deep conditioner contains proteins, you may have protein overload which can make your hair feel brittle. If it's necessary for you to use another shampoo after the medicated one, you'll need to be careful of what type you are using. Also, you really only need to deep condition once a week, maybe even every other week so that your hair can absorb and utilize the protein from the deep conditioner. "
Creole337,8tv9tm,Tired of Styling Products Flaking? Try this!&&&[removed]
Midnight_Moon29,8tud9p,"What is your opinion on the hair product 'Gorilla Snot' and why?&&&I've heard some people rave about this product, however, as a black woman I just can't bring myself to put anything called 'gorilla' in my hair when, unfortunately, that is still a derogatory term used to describe us. My personal feelings aside, has anyone tried this product and liked it?&&&I know the name has no racial context, and I realize I might sound silly lol, but it's how I feel nonetheless. And no, I wouldn't avoid gorillas at the zoo, because they would have nothing to do with my hair. Have you tried this product? Did you like it?&&&Thank you for your kind response. I am going to give it a try.&&&Eco style is what I'm using now, and the more I transition the less it seems to work. I've used the olive oil kind, and right now I'm using the krystal kind."
buttery336,8tud9p,"I like it for edges, and my sister loves it for slicking back her puffs and ponytails. It hardened too much in my head for that though, so I guess it depends on what you want to use it for. Try it, at least it’s cheap if you don’t like it. As far as the name, it’s just that, a catchy name. It was always sold only in Hispanic stores (before it blew up and started showing up in Walmart, Target etc.)  in my area with that same gorilla on it and only Spanish on the label, so I highly doubt it’s a jab at any particular race. "
chemgirl98,8tud9p,"I’ve tried it and it does a good job at holding my hair back for ponytails. However, I stopped using it because there are other products that hold my hair back just as well but also leave it softer, such as eco gel or gels similar to that. Also, the smell of the gorilla snot can be kinda off putting, especially if sweat and/or I wear it everyday between washes. "
floydthebarber94,8tud9p,"I don’t think it was meant to be racially offensive, on my bottle it seems like it’s targeted towards white males that want to hold their mohawks. Gorilla snot to them might just sound like a cool name. "
justonemorescroll,8tud9p,"I was more put off by the word 'snot' than 'gorilla' to be honest. I specifically remember side eyeing the clerk when she recommended it. Like.. ew.

The packaging always made me feel the target consumer was actually white males.

I have never made the correlation you describe."
macismycrack,8tud9p,"My friend(who is Mexican) told me that he remembers when she was younger that a lot of Mexican boys would use it for their hair. Maybe that was the intended demographic, I am not sure
Edit:grammar&&&You know that the name does not have racial context right lol? I don’t understand how something that just has the name gorilla would make you feel uncomfortable to use... Do you avoid gorillas at the zoo because of this. As a black woman I am confused by your logic

Addition: I honestly do not understand why I am being downvoted for this comment. What I said is in no way rude or offensive. It is just a questioning of logic lol"
ABlackButterfly,8ttvx2,"It depends on what product I'm trying. If it's a conditioner or shampoo, I might need to use it for a week or two to see how my hair likes it. If I'm trying out a custard, cream or styling product I usually know if I will use it again after the first application. "
Faux_extrovert,8ttvx2,"How long do you ""test"" a product?&&&How long do you use a product before you decide if it is or isn't working for your hair or face or whatever? A week? A few washes? "
Tacox706,8ttvx2,I normally know something isn't working by the 1 week mark. 
iownakeytar,8ttvx2,Generally a week or so. That's usually long enough to feel the difference in my hair.
that_girl_there409,8ttvx2,"With some products, you know right away if it will work for you or not. Others can take a couple of weeks before you see results. "
Classyassgirl,8tob9a,"Best lock product?&&&Hey everyone. I have had locs for a while but I need some help. 

I used to use flax gell, but it unraveled to fast. I use Super Grow hair gel extra hold (it does not grow lol. But it does hold). I like it well enough, but I would like to see if I could get longer than a month. I would like it as a spray with minimal artificial stuff if possible, my hands hurt easily these days and a spray would help. If it doesn't leave flakes and build up I will concede and use non ""natural"" products anyway. I have used salt water spray but it's not enough. Thanks. "
