index,id,comments
ChocolateGlamazon27,9q7z88,African threading is the secret for getting past plateaus for 4a-4c hair. I cannot sing it's praises enough. 
Jazzers88,9q7z88,"Plateau In Your Hair Growth?&&&Soo I wanted to start a discussion about hair growth plateaus. The reason most people stop relaxing their hair is because it simply plateaus or it’s breaking off too much. So ppl decide to transition or big chop. 

My question is this: For those ppl who’ve stopped relaxing in hopes to have healthier longer hair has your hair plateaued at the same length it did when it was relaxed? What did you realize was the issue? "
indianajanes,9q7z88,"Yes!  My hair plateaued at shoulder length for years.  


What I realized is that straight relaxed hair was a chemical induced plateau, and natural hair was mechanical induced plateau.  It took learning to handle my hair gently to get past it.  Hair is now full mbl.   


But the biggest difference was growing it out to a blunt cut, the layers that people wear with most natural hair styles, leave it so that practically any thinning or breakage *at all* at the ends (the bottom layer/longest hanging pieces) made it look tattered quickly and in need of a haircut every few months.  So I perpetually cut it back to shoulder length.  

I think blunt cuts are underrated, at least for growing out.  IME Having all, or most, of my ends in one place make upkeep a lot easier. "
moonbvby,9q7z88,"My hair pretty much plateaus at just above armpit length, whether I've been trimming or not. I got really bad heat damage a few months ago that completely destroyed my hair and I basically have to BC again. I think I've decided to give up on long hair. "
radlegend,9q7z88,"So I've done the big chop a couple of times. 

Each time my hair would get past my chin, I would almost crave a relaxer. It was like a drug for me. Only now, over 10 years later have I overcome that addiction. 

This is the first time my hair has grown past my chin and now at shoulder length. My hair would never get that long because by now I'd have relaxed it or tried flat ironing it to death. 

My hair would always break because I tried so hard to make it what it wasn't. Has taken me so long to embrace my afro (only last year I've had that idgaf attitude and wear my fro to work, in spite of my boss saying she ""prefers me with straighter hair"".


So yes, I can affirm that my hair has bust through the chin-level plataue, and now it's just time, love and care to see how much longer it can get. 


But I also have to admit, I keep braids in for 2 to 3 months and a weave in for about 4 months. I know it's not healthy or good for my hair, but that's the only way I witness noticeable growth. 

The less I touch or mess with my hair, the more it grows. I don't even bother with blowing it out or using a flat iron because my hair absolutely hates it. No color, no nothing. My hair just wants love and affection, and time (and I""m not a naturally patient person). "
BoxedBoobs,9q6ry6,Couldn’t agree with you more. Every natural hair stylist has mentioned this to me when I go in for my bi-annual (I can’t be bothered with going every 6-8 weeks) trim. In fact I just detangled today and the amount of single strand knots I have is ridiculous. I making an appointment ASAP! 
Choice_EconomicsNa,9q6ry6,"Get rid of Single-stranded knots&&&Hi all,  


I'm trying to get rid of single-stranded knots in my hair.  
I am the laziest person ever and generally have my hair in a single braid (with alternating parts in my hair to avoid hair breakage).  
However, in the summer i generally had variations of puffs.  
I've noticed that I had a huge increase in single strand knots.  
Being the lazy person I am, i just trim my hair once a month, but I'd like to know if there's a way to prevent them.  


Thanks for your help!"
MuffinPuff,9q6ry6,"I'm still battling single strand knots myself, and the only thing that seems to help is full length stretching and protective styling. Any style that leaves my ends free, I get single strand knots soon after. Combining shrinkage + microcoils = knots."
VOL03,9q6ry6,What are some of the things that helped reduce knots for you?
cali5795,9q6ry6,"The only way i know to prevent the knots is to protective style. Do not wear your hair with the ends out loose too often. I only do one week a month, and if I do wear my ends out it is with stretched hair.The knots come from shrinkage atleast for my 4C hair."
deliriousmintii,9q6ry6,"Along with all the recommendations for a trim, I think it's also good to consider how moisturized your ends are. For me, when my hair gets very dry, it curls up even more, which generally is what lends to the fairy knots. On a very good week, I can remember to wet and seal my ends with a little oil (a mixture of coconut, olive, and castor) before I go to bed nightly.     
If my hair is still in a good mood, I may even spritz the whole head and finger comb it through and then do a spritz of oil all over.      
When wash day happens,  my ends are a lot less tangled! "
femmefinale,9q6ry6,Time for a trim! Whenever I notice an uptick in fairy knots I get a trim and problem solved.
lavasca,9q6ry6,It depends a lot on learning what your hair likes. I had a lot of them when I first went natural. I hardly do now and I almost always wear my hair loose.
radlegend,9q6ry6,"I don't know if you can *prevent* the knots, but you need to be very gentle when working them out of your hair. 
Until i discovered finger detangling I've noticed I retain more length and experience less breakage.  I've also got really fine strands (4c hair) and my hair knots from simply putting it up in a bun. 


Embrace it and learn how to deal with it. I'm very lazy when it comes to my hair and that's why I protective style 10 months in a whole year. Take down is always a weekend affair. I hate it but I have to do it because otherwise, I'll break my hair and waste my time. 


Before trying to comb your hair, make sure it's oiled up. I use oilve / amla / coconut oil or whatever you have, and make sure you're hair is slippery from the oil. 
Lightly pulling out the knots suddenly becomes so much easier. Yes, it's time consuming but worth it. 
YouTube some tutorials on finger detangling. 

Also, deep conditioning before you do this, with a good quality leave in is essential. 

Good luck!"
Kisabelle04,9q6kd6,I’ve never done it before :(
Robinspeakeasey,9q6kd6,"I hot combed for several years every month or so. My hair stayed the same length during that time.

All styling risks damage (even washing your hair) so if you want to hot comb, accept that damage will happen so the best you can do is mitigate the risks. Unfortunately, almost every stylist I’ve been to never mitigated the risks with hot combs. They used the hottest setting (comb is still smoking) and would try to get dangerously close to the roots for a bone straight result — which constantly burned my scalp, one lady even scraped the teeth. The entire style turned puffy in a week. No bueno.

Go for a stylist like one lady I stuck with for a while. She used a silicone heavy conditioner, then stretched my hair under a sassoon before blowdrying it well. After that she took a section using a finer normal comb. Then she hot combed, using plenty of pressing grease. She waited until the comb stopped smoking to pass it. She rarely burned my scalp, and never directly with the teeth. After everything was done she curled it. My hair didn’t come out bone straight, but it stayed perfectly silky for about a week, and I could easily stretch the style to four weeks."
TuffTitti,9q6kd6,"puffy hair = dry hair.  When the hair is properly conditioned, moisturized & sealed it won't get as puffy in humidity"
_CoachMcGuirk,9q6kd6,"I don't think a hot comb is less damaging than a flat iron, and I don't think you're less likely to get puffy hair from a hot comb. If you are, it's probably because you're actually damaging it more. I think you're probably going to have to decide what's more important. No heat damage, or straight hair? If you want it straight, accept that you will probably incur some heat damage. If that's okay with you go ahead and straighten. If not, figure out a way to accept your curls for this event, or figure out how to have the look you want with weave/wigs."
n_kaye,9q6kd6,I would stretch your hair first so just one pass will get it straight 
riggie94,9q6kd6,Does anyone hot comb their hair anymore?&&&[removed]
Dahliacid,9pz8eu,It smells better than Neem oil that’s for sure lol. I like using Amla tho
HumbleAbbreviations,9pz8eu,Tried it years ago and the scent was loud as outdoors.  I used to use it as a preshampoo more than anything.
ateeightate,9pz8eu,I used it a lot when I henna my hair. Never liked it and it smelled like that grease my parents use to put in my hair when I was a  getting a flat iron.
justjupiter25,9pz8eu,Amla Oil&&&Has anyone ever used amla oil? I just ordered some from Amazon and I Hope it helps with my hair
lavasca,9pz8eu,"Yep, it was ok.
Test out stuff and see how it treats your hair.

Likely ask a few hair professional to evaluate your hair and recommend products. Test what the majority recommend."
radlegend,9pz8eu,"I always have amla oil in my hair supplies. When out, I make sure i buy more. 
The old amla use to stink like a mofo and continue smelling for a few days after. The new formula has a nice aroma so not that smelly. 

I have friend of Indian descent who all swear by it. But for me, oil is oil....

Now that L'Oreal Paris Elvive Extraordinary Oil Curl Nourishment lists Amla as a ""wonder"" oil, I've started using it alone. 

However, I have to admit that I forget to oil/moisturize my hair 9 times out of 10 so probably not giving Amla the justice it deserves. "
justjupiter25,9pz2ee,8 ways to style a blowout&&&[removed]
Jazzers88,9puf0b,Oh yes I saw a couple weeks ago. These are so bomb. 
Moya1509,9puf0b,"I like the idea of them but that's too much hair for me. I prefer something less full. She did post a tutorial on YouTube, so at the very least, I could recreate them for cheap. "
_CoachMcGuirk,9puf0b,"I haven't tried them, I haven't heard of them, and I don't think they're for me."
ere1017,9puf0b,"Have y’all heard about passion twists?&&&What are your opinions? It looks like they were recently created by a lady who then posted them on Instagram so they’re a fairly new trend. Anybody here tried them yet?

Here’s a screenshot from insta: https://i.imgur.com/1OgEUOZ.jpg&&&I want to try them cause they said tension free so I can save my edges from all these box braids 😩&&&It’s water wave crochet hair. I found it on amazon here: https://www.amazon.com/dp/B01EKCEBD0/ref=cm_sw_r_cp_api_asCZBbDPCPFN6

If you search it on YouTube she has some tutorials as well!"
moonbvby,9puf0b,Yes!! I'm planning on trying them in a few weeks. I love them!
moonchild2998,9puf0b,I want to try these! They look so cute 
mousemarie94,9puf0b,"Living on the edge there with that battery level.

These look cute! Too bad my parting is atrocious. "
nineteenagain,9puf0b,"A local hair stylist started posting these, but I believe she called them something else. "
radlegend,9puf0b,"They look amazing! 
Does anyone know what type of hair is used for this? I'd love to recreate this but need to right type of hair. 
Almost looks like marley braid or some other kinky texture?
"
sirisdimensions,9puf0b,I like how moist the twist look. The hair used is water wave I believe .
vtheg24,9puf0b,I wanna try these for hoco
woefultofrofull,9puf0b,"mine is too, stops me wanting to try styles were my shoddy work can be exposed!"
MyPurpleCrayon,9ptmag,Crochet braids&&&Can I untwist crochet braids then install them as regular twists?
TuffTitti,9ptmag,yes you can literally do anything & everything with crochet braids! 
Pxado,9phlgb,How do I make my hair move freely and silky?&&&[removed]
TuffTitti,9phlgb,"I am sure that a little conditioner, a flat iron & a silicone spray would be fabulous for you sir 😒 "
indianajanes,9phlgb,"I have to say I was genuinely surprised the first time I touched stereotypical “Asian Hair”.   It was not at all what I expected, it was almost hard to the touch!   

Your hair really is entirely different than most of the people this subreddit is for but.... We know more about hair in general because our own hair is harder to care for.  So I don’t think you came to a *bad* place to ask.


That said; your hair is naturally very coarse and very straight, so my best guess is to try some of the “low porosity” techniques.  You can search for that here, on you tube, etc.  Maybe even try “very low porosity”.    


Another thing you can do is lightly bleach or dye your hair, “theoretically :)”....that will damage it slightly, lifting your hair cuticles and raising the porosity so that conditioners will work better. "
Chocolate-dipp_,9pfaud,"Girl fuck them. Wear your hair whatever way makes you happy, be it Afro, braids, weave, etc. 

All I want you to do for yourself and your own sanity is to stop conforming to other people’s standard of beauty. 

If you believe you look beautiful with an Afro, then guess what? You do! What other people think of it doesn’t matter. 

You know how people have different opinions on the same things? Imagine if you had to please every single one of these people. You’d lose your shit. 

It’s all about how you perceive yourself. Get some confidence and live your life. "
indianajanes,9pfaud,"What’s great is that you do like your hair and it seems you know it is beautiful despite the rude feedback, don’t let go of that no matter what. "
ozmofasho,9pfaud,"I am so sorry that you're experiencing this. This is awful. To be quite frankly, screw those people. Do what makes you happy. 

Everyone has value, and something that they are good at. You do too. Maybe you should see a counselor about your self esteem. 

You should definitely not listing to your family and their disparaging comments. You're awesome. "
realityologist,9pfaud,"I’m so sorry your family is doing this to you. It is abusive. And it’s rooted in a lot of racism, anti-blackness and misogynoir. You deserve to wear your hair how ever you want. How could you look ugly with your hair growing naturally out your head. How could your hair as god intend it be “inappropriate”. I know it’s hard to stay strong but wear your heart how you want Ana find a community of people irl who understand natural hair, who understand why it’s important to you and who won’t go out of their way to make you feel like crap. 

You deserve to feel comfortable in your own skin (hair) and I am sure you look BEAUTIFUL. "
tinydog360,9pfaud,"i look ugly and unpresentable with a Afro?&&&I got my natural hair blow dried and stretched out. right now my hair is thick and big. It's kinda like a Afro. I have 4C hair. I knew my parents will have a problem with me wearing a Afro and a few of my family members told me I should get weave. ( mostly women) which I think is fucking horrible.  But I just wore my little Afro out and ignored the comments. I don't see why every time I wear a Afro or wear my hair stretched out after getting it blow dried  people either tell me it's really  ugly or socially unacceptable. Hell, I even had my little sisters friend ( 13) tells me how ugly my hair looks in a Afro/ stretched out and how I should just get my natural hair braided instead. When I wear a Afro or get my hair professionally blow dried my parents don't want me taking pictures. I'm wondering do I truly look awful with a Afro or are they just abusive....


I already have no self esteem because I'm not smart  and I'm slow as hell. I only think I'm pretty and cute if I could look like somebody else. When I was younger I used to want to look like a white/ mixed  girl now that I'm older I literally see people who look better than me and I want to look exactly like them. I just think my face is not cute and to make matters worse my sisters already look much better than me because they aren't cross eyed. 

I know that it's quite damaging to only think I'm pretty with makeup but I'm going to be honest with myself. I don't hate my hair like people tell me I should hate it but I feel like I won't get married or be happy because of my hair texture. I grew up being taught to hate my hair not my face....  And people wonder why I suffer from depression, anxiety and don't want to go out. &&&I'm tired of constantly being put down because I'm not pretty like normal woman.... ;/"
jadedjournalism,9perev,"Silk Hair Wrap&&&What’s a good store/site/brand to buy silk hair scarves/wraps from to wear out during the day? I have a lot of hair, so big ones are preferable. Sorry if this is a dumb question — the amazon search results were overwhelming lol, and most of them weren’t silk (I’m not even sure if that should matter)."
omojos,9perev,"Satin scarves are easier to come across and easier to wash (silk ones will fall apart the first time you accidentally put them in the dryer).

You can go to Target or Walmart and get satin head scarves in the “black girl” hair sections. Target is good for the scarves, but they have the bag/bonnet kind that can fit a lot of hair in at Walmart.

You can also look in Target where they have scarves and just get a satiny/silky scarf and use that as a head wrap. Sometimes they have scarves like that.

My boyfriend turned me on to silk pillowcases but I ruined them in the dryer. I have satin backup pillowcases now."
yellowpeach,9perev,"So if you're looking for real silk for daytime wear, you'll have better luck searching for regular scarfs as opposed to ones marketed for hair.  Either way, to narrow your search down to real silk vs. polyester satin, add *mulberry* to your search terms.  

Some styles of wearing the scarf are suited to rectangle scarfs and some to square ones.   However, for styles beyond the basic bandana, you might find that 100% silk is too slippery for the extra twisted fabric to stay in place.  Non-satin fabrics have a little more grip.  I think thinner fabrics work better for styles like the crown twist.

For nighttime wear, or use under a cotton wrap, I prefer real silk to polyester satin.  I hand wash real silk in cold water with a mild cleanser and hang dry.  It will loose a little sheen in handwashing but still be nice.  If you're wearing real silk outside and it gets dirty, cold water may not suffice.  Machine wash/drying my silk dulls it to the point of no return, though it will make it more grippy, on the bright side.

If you want the benefits of real silk with the ease and look of other fabrics like cotton, you can put a small silk bonnet/beanie on under scarfs of other materials.

Should you be interested in other fabrics, you can visit sites specific to hair scarfs, vs looking for general neck scarfs like I recommended for silk.   For really large non-silk scarfs, check out Israeli Tichels like those [here](https://www.wrapunzel.com/product-category/most-popular/) .  There are also sites geared to headcoverings to wear during Chemo that provide a wide selection.


For real silk, the density of the fabric is measures in momme (abbreviated as mm.) It's not exactly thickness, but a good approximation. I like 19mm."
Dahliacid,9p6xj8,What about wigs? 
ateeightate,9p6xj8,"My parents use to try that with me too. I'd just ask for the hair money and that'll see what I will do with my hair. Usually kept it natural but every now and then I got braids or went to a salon for a treatment and cut. Multiple times, i have to 'put my foot down' and remind them it's my hair, etc. "
glodoll,9p6xj8,"I think you should make it clear to them that it is your own choice. Make it clear and firm in a respectful way. Your parents should be respecting your decision to go natural. After all, at the end of the day, the hair is on your head, not theirs."
indianajanes,9p6xj8,"Does your mom wear a weave? 

I think weaves, almost (like less than one in a thousand times) never look good.  When I see them I just think about how the person wearing can’t possibly see what I and most of the world sees; and awkward, obvious attachment.  This is unconventional advice, but maybe show her some of the videos on youtube that criticize weaves, maybe you can shame her into a wake-up call.  It’s something that people are too polite to talk about in person but they’ll find some honest remarks online."
nineteenagain,9p6xj8,I am 26 and feel like I have parent with the same mentality. You realize that you're an adult and your parents cannot make you dress or look a certain way right? It's your hair so do what you want with it.
omojos,9p6xj8,You’re an adult. What situation are you in that your parents can control the texture of your hair? 
qrtrlifecrysis,9p6xj8,"What will happen to you if you continue to stay natural and ignore your parents wishes? Like other people said, even if you live with them you do have control over your head. I’m curious what the consequences would be."
tinydog360,9p6xj8,"What can I do if my parents won't allow me to be natural anymore?&&&So, I'm 19 and I pay to get my own hair done. I like it but the problem is that my parents might be forcing me to go back to weaves and I don't want to wear weaves. I am natural and my parents don't like it one bit. I would straighten it but I don't want it straightened at all and I don't want to wear weaves but now my parents might just randomly say your getting a weave you have no choice......  I might just get it straightened but I don't want my hair straight but what else can I do if my parents tell me I have to go back to weave? :/  this has been bothering me for a while..... &&&I don't want to Wear box braids "
wesmellthecolor9,9p6xj8,"First of all, are you dependant on them (housing, paying for school, etc.)? If not this is a non-issue, do whatever you want its your hair. If you are and you feel like they are petty enough to make your life miserable over this, then I would try to stay respectful and tell them where you're coming from. Tell them you want to embrace your natural hair and nurture it. Maybe box braids can be a compromise? That's a protective style lots of natural girls wear, and you can keep your hair out in between. "
2noserings,9p69iw,"If you hate your hair cut it and start over. The sooner you cut it, the sooner you will get to meet your healthy curls 💕 don’t make yourself miserable just because you think your hair should be long!"
AdamantiumFoil,9p69iw,Do you clarify? Moisturize? Detangle thoroughly? Protective style or stretch to reduce tangling?
DeltaSt4r,9p69iw,"My hair is so damaged I don't know where to start.&&&It's dry tangled flaky and thinning. I keep it in a ponytail every day and it seems to get worse when I shower.  I don't know what to do. Please help...

&#x200B;

I sometimes feel like chopping it all off but I start to panic every time I think about doing that. I can't imagine myself without hair.

&#x200B;"
TuffTitti,9p69iw,deep conditioning is key. Do you live in an area with hard water? It might be best to use a brita water filter to have filtered water to rinse your hair with.  I like to apply tea tree oil or peppermint oil mixed with olive oil to apply to my scalp to help thinning hair.
indianajanes,9p69iw,If you ponytail is tight at all that could definitely be snapping *a lot* of hair off.
regularting,9p69iw,Can you tell us what products you currently use? Are you transitioning from a relaxer or completely natural? Straighten it?
BoxedBoobs,9p3tcl,I vote we pin this comment to the top of the sub. Your response was very thoughtful and laid out extremely well. 
InsecureSnow,9p3tcl,"I hate my hair&&&I really hate my hair I'm confused of why nothing works on it. I tried everything. I wasn't blessed with nice loose curly three type hair. I have type 4...afro textured. Everyday I look in the mirror with discussed. I want long hair but I hate my hair. It's a that but it's making me break. I can't afford wigs and envy of others. Makes me so mad like God could of gave me nice hair. I'm already ugly I couldn't at least have nice hair.&&&I have low porosity, fine-median strands and high des. I hair don't define when it's damp or wet when product is applied. I used gel and that the only thing. It's always dry and I do the Loc or lco method. I even use some oils. It's a fro now (don't know how to send pics) but it's 5 inch's. I'm 13 months natural too. It might be 4a-4b even with product it not. If gel then maybe a 4a, I can see the curls. But I'm very frustrated.. it's packed very close so even with gel you can see the curls I have natural black hair.&&&Thank you.. I just wish it was looser lol&&&My hair is 5inches and I'm 13months natrual&&&I would post pic but I don't know how. I'm using chrome not app :c&&&I might look into box braiding! Should I do them every two months or 3 months? To grow my hair out"
MuffinPuff,9p3tcl,"If you're still in the TWA stage, your true curl pattern may not be present until you're at least 4-5 inches in. That being said, there's definitely a period of time where you have to learn to embrace type 4 natural hair, especially if you grew up in the United States where Euro-ethnic hair has a huge influence on beauty standards and social norms. 

Did you know women who have type 2 and type 3 hair also feel pressured to straighten out their waves, curls, or a coarse texture? Yes, many women who fall into those types straighten their hair to appease societal expectations. So in my opinion, type 4 isn't a problem, and has never been a problem, and it's not something to feel bad about, because it's *not a bad type*. Our hair has been criticized and villianized because of oppressive beauty standards that aim to keep women, especially black women, insecure and ashamed of their natural qualities.

Now... let's talk about the products that you use, and what you'll need to learn about your hair to maintain it's health and moisture;

You'll need to learn your porosity (high, medium or low. High porosity absorbs water quickly and dries quickly, while low porosity doesn't absorb water easily; water tends to roll off of the hair initially) 

Your hair density (thick & dense head of hair, medium density, or sparse, low density hair will require different tools and products)

The thickness of your strands (fine hair will have different needs than medium or coarse hair) 

Determining Protein Sensitivity (This takes time and a lot of trial & error with products that contain various hydrolyzed proteins. Your hair may respond well to some proteins and not others, or none at all. It's a learning process.)

Know your shrinkage. If you have high shrinkage, it will be tremendously important to detangle the hair, and keep the hair moisturized and coated with a sealant to minimize tangling, rattails and unintended locs.

Knowing your curl pattern isn't important for the health of your hair, but it does help with choosing hairstyles. And knowing your hair texture is crucial, especially for us coarse girls who are new to natural hair maintenance, to determine when our hair is moisturized *and naturally coarse*, or dry and more coarse due to the dryness.

I am a type 4 combo, medium density, medium strand, medium porosity (low porosity near the scalp, but high porosity towards the ends), coarse texture, light protein tolerance and high shrinkage. I'll be 2 years natural next Thursday. It took a lot of time, youtube videos and patience to learn about the qualities of my hair, and from there, I learned how to best maintain my hair. If you choose to do the same, you'll come out the other end with a deep appreciation for your natural hair, in all it's fluffy greatness."
TuffTitti,9p3tcl,"ok sis nothing wrong with a little self pity party but then when we gotta move on - think outside the box! 

&#x200B;

You can do african threading hair styles. It's cheap & low maintenance - you can buy hair thread for $1-2

Crochet braids are a cheap & easy hair style you can buy 3 packs of hair for around $6-9 dollars at a beauty supply store"
almost_ready_to_,9p3tcl,"If it means anything, I like your hair. "
arrilada,9p3tcl,"As a 4C girl, I can understand the ""nothing works on it"" somewhat. I went through that my first couple of months. Being the only person in my intermediate family with 4C hair, none of their tips worked for me. Absolutely nothing. But I looked up 4C Youtubers like nappyfu and nappyheadedjojoba. I frequented 4C natural Facebook groups. I researched quick and easy styles for my TWA that led me to ditching wigs permanently 4 months after my BC. I never hated my hair per se. But I didn't know what to do with it. 2 years in and my hair is so thick and long that I have people wanting to know my hair routine. Please don't envy looser curly hair. Your hair is amazing. Your hair is yours. It's your journey and it will have ups and downs. But don't let the downs win. Start researching and loving your hair!

EDITED: I had to correct one of the YouTuber's name."
ateeightate,9p3tcl,"Hair takes time to grow regardless of the hair type. I can give advice on Type 4 hair maintenance since I have the same Type but I can't guarantee any of it will work because everyone is different. 

&#x200B;

It doesn't seem like long hair would make you feel better, regardless, when reading the last sentence. I think it would be worth talking to someone about your feelings. But, that often cost money so I think it would be worth looking for subreddits that focus a bit more on self-talk or things like that."
bbrae_alldayerrday,9p3tcl,"This may be an unpopular opinion, but I don't really think you have to love every aspect of yourself, or fully embrace your natural hair to love yourself.  If you hate it that much and truly believe that having a different texture will make you happier, then there's no rule that says you have to stay natural.

Having said that, how do you feel about locs?  While they're still short you can get faux locs or box braids put in.  You'll retain more length (but 5 inches in a year is pretty good growth) and once it gets longer, you can wear them curly if you want.  "
bubblegumsparkles,9p3tcl,"You have the rarest and most versatile hair type on the planet, look around everyone’s hair is straight and boring. Cherish what you have, it’s beautiful. "
love_wear,9p3tcl,Disgust*
moonbvby,9p3tcl,"That's really sad. I have type 4 hair and I think it's beautiful. It's too bad that you think only loose type 3 curls are pretty. If you hate it so much, maybe you should consider relaxing it."
n_kaye,9p3tcl,"Type 4 hair is so tricky. You’re going to get growth from daily moisture, regular trims, and protective styling. "
omojos,9p3tcl,"This makes me sad. Are you able to post pics of your hair, maybe without your face? I have type 4 hair and it’s a struggle but I’ve been able to learn what works for me. Time has helped me learn to accept and love it. "
Annabana24,9owg3a,"I have low porosity as well. The product that I use on my hair is Shea Moisture Low Porosity shampoo and conditioner. I’ve also found out about my hair that if the product doesn’t have the word Glycerin in it, it won’t work on my hair "
BoxedBoobs,9owg3a,"Oil is not a moisturizer, but a sealant. I’m unsure of what products would be best for low porosity, but the reason the grease isn’t working is because it’s not meant to moisturize. A daily cream moisturizer would be better, but YMMV. "
DepressedAlchemist,9owg3a,"I also have low porosity hair, and I use the LCO method: liquid, cream, oil. Water (or sometimes tea if I have it on hand), a creamy leave in, and then Shea/mango/grapeseed/castor blend.

Grease is not a moisturizer, your hair will never absorb it. Is that the only thing you use? No wonder your hair is so dry. What is your full routine?"
MicroManager76,9owg3a,"Not all oils are sealants alone. There are some that do both and some that are super moisturizing. OP should check out GreenBeauty's channel on YT. She has great science-based videos on dry hair, low porosity hair, and moisturizing vs. sealing oils. "
TuffTitti,9owg3a,">since I stopped perming it, is super dry.

&#x200B;

you have low porosity hair so you need to shampoo the hair every 2 weeks with real shampoo, Apply light oils warmed up, leave-in conditioner warmed up - it helps penetrate the hair.  I like grapeseed oil it's really light. Mist your hair with warm water every couple of days if you can. I also like to mist warmed up aloe vera juice in my hair

&#x200B;"
cocolanoire,9owg3a,Apply your leave in products when your hair is soaking wet. That made a huge difference for me. And avoid heavy butters or oils as leave ins. Only use them as deep conditioners that you wash out. 
finallylosingittt,9owg3a,"Daily products for low porosity 4c hair?&&&Hi guys - Hope all’s good with you 😁 I desperately need your help.  I have 4c hair that never grows and since I stopped perming it, is super dry. I generally do crochet braids but when I take them out there’s too much shedding. I put grease in but it feels like the grease isn’t absorbed by my hair at ALL. You can see oil droplets on it and when I comb my hair its dry as shit. Do any of you haven any good daily hair moisturizers/creams/greases/oils that I can use for my low porosity hair? I just want it to be healthy but its like no product works. Thank you! &&&What do you mean by real shampoo? What I’m using rn is “sulfate-free” and doesn’t strip my hair like my other shampoos have. Thank you so much for the advice!&&&Any leave in products you know of that are light?&&&So my routine since forever was to perm when things got hard and then I switched to crochet braids and spraying an oil mix on my scalp so i don’t really have a proper routine lol Honestly I thought my hair feeling this “hard” was normal but I’m learning the contrary! Thanks :)&&&I’ll check this out!! Thank you :))"
lavasca,9owg3a,"I have low porosity hairZ

I don't know why I get rashes if I don't wash it every other day but I can often get away with rinsing or co-washing as opposed to a full shampoo a couple times.

I qm q fan of LCO

1.  Warm water or lightly warmed product is a must

2. Use a bonnet dryer on low but warm setting before washing/rinsing/shampooing. You'll apply conditioner & processing cap first then sit under the dryer 10-15 minutes. 

3.  I like to use the Camille Rose moisturiser. I like Mixed Chicks leave-in conditioner.  I will use coconut oil if I swum and jojoba oil if I don't. My hair is very thick and coarse.

My rinsing works well for me because it refreshes any styling product. It allows me to add more moisture if needed and reseal if I need to do it.


**** fingers and maybe a tangle teaser for
your ends - NO COMBS and only manipulate your hair when it isn't dry****

"
theboltzmantheory,9owg3a,What do you use as a daily moisturizer?
Bobelle,9osabd,">1. Surrounding myself with images of equally, if not more, attractive natural women. 

Please take this with a grain of salt. Usually doing stuff like this just makes me feel sad that I don't look like them naturally. I know I shouldn't feel that way but I do."
CharGoddess,9osabd,Hey. I've never been one to wear makeup. Maybe some mascara and lipstick a few years ago but now I don't wear anything. I just use some type of oil to moisturize my face and use chapstick and that is all. I am also natural. I try to keep my styles simple such as 2 big twist or a big puff. As long as you are comfortable in your own skin that is all that matters. Forget everyone else. 
TuffTitti,9osabd,"sis you can't afford makeup but your parents will get you weaves?! Black radiance has a 30% off sale right now with cheap makeup, if you only got $5 shopmissa has $1 lippies eyeshadow foundation etc...

&#x200B;

Just be confident! I understand what you're saying about not wanting to conform but that doesn't mean that you shouldn't take care of yourself. 

Even if you suck at doing your natural hair you could do something cheap & easy like african hair threading, twists or use the fake curlformers that cost $12-13 on ebay, amazon & aliexpress. Go to rainbow, deb shops, forever21 & rue21 for cheap clothing jewelry & makeup. Where there's a will there's a way! 

&#x200B;"
itsbeelee,9osabd,"Hey darling,
I can completely relate to feeling sort of left out of the loop when I look at my friends or go online and every woman I see is dressed to the nine with beautiful makeup on. I've never been a ""girly girl"" and makeup only made me feel like my skin would breakout once I took it off. Plus I finally went natural just as high end weaves became more popular and never really took any interest in them. I think what really helped me get over my feelings of being less attractive without those things was:

1. Surrounding myself with images of equally, if not more, attractive natural women. If you don't have natural ladies to look up to in your day to day life, then go online. Seeing those pictures reminded me that it's okay to be simple and to be myself. Sure, makeup and weaves can enhance your natural beauty, but you're beautiful just as you are and there's no need to have those things IF you don't want to. Don't let society dictate who you should be.

2. Find a community of like minded thinkers that support one another. Like I said, go online and you'll find lots of people who are happy on their natural journey. It's infectious and any time you feel like you need advice or a different perceptive, they'll be there. Just like we are. :) A community also serves as a great way to learn about different ways to take care of yourself and enhance your beauty even while being natural! (Good on you for working out and taking care of your skin. That's a brilliant first step.)

It will feel strange and like being an ""outsider"" at first, but I promise it gets easier over time. Just don't use other people's lives as a guidebook for how you should live your own, and remember that one person's idea of beauty does not act as the standard as beauty. If that makes sense. If you don't want to wear weaves, your parents shouldn't force you to do so. Let them know how you feel.
All the best. ❤️ "
tinydog360,9osabd,"I don't feel normal......:/&&&So, I decided not to wear any makeup or hair weave even though I know I'll look much better/ look more presentable with makeup on. I just can't afford makeup so I just use coconut oil on my face, and workout every now and then. I do kinda get jealous when I see other people beautifying themselves. Example, makeup, cute outfit, fake hair. Right now I can't afford to have fake hair so I'm natural and learned how to just keep myself up without fake hair and makeup and shit... I just wish I was around more black females like myself so I won't feel like I'm weird or some shit. 


But I don't want to go back to hair weave but I know that my parents are most likely going to make me go back to weave which is depressing as shit&&&What? Are you trying to say since I don't wear makeup or weave I'm not taking care of myself?"
wesmellthecolor9,9osabd,Have you subscribed to r/blackladies
whatkathy,9osabd,stop putting coconut oil  on your face. it can damage it. It created large dark marks on her face that took a YEAR plus to heal. Look into other simple/cheap products to use!&&&This is what this reddit is for! If you don't have people to connect with in real life you can talk in here :)
TuffTitti,9opq3w,you can just wash it with some shampoo. If you're worried about bacteria you can put some 3% peroxide in the soapy water
nasimcna,9opq3w,"Clean Curl Sponge?&&&How do you clean and/or disinfect a curl sponge? Should I just buy a new one?
It’s a B&C skin tight one sided sponge brush"
lulumajorca,9oooe6,Same thing happened to me. I straightened my hair recently for the first time and they are some sections that took a while to revert. I'd say investing in olaplex is your best bet if you wanna regularly straighten your hair.
qrtrlifecrysis,9oooe6,"I'm big on the no straightening, no matter what precautions you take its doing some kind of damage to your hair that is irreversible. "
rosha267,9oooe6,Curl pattern is loose after straightening but returns to normal after a few weeks&&&I was just wondering if this would indicate possible long term damage to my hair. I have straightened my hair 3 times in the last 6 months. The first day I wash it after straightening my curls look pretty bad. After about a week they look better but not as tight. Then every time I wash it my curls get a little tighter until they return to normal. Now this last time I straightened it looks like my curls are even looser. I am always careful not to use tools hotter than 350 degrees and I also use heat protectant spray. I also only straighten once every 2 months. I would hate to never be able to wear my hair straight again but if this is heat damage I will give up straightening for good. &&&If I could afford it I would get a sew-in and never straighten my hair! You're right it doesn't seem worth it&&&I was ok with minor damage and I straightened my hair A LOT while transitioning and it didn't seem to have long term effects. Ever since I big chopped my hair feels way more fragile. I will most likely stop straightening it at least for a year. &&&This might be my imagination but everytime I did a protein treatment my hair felt stiff and extremely dry. I only used garnier fructis leave in conditioner since that is what I used before I big chopped. I also use Tresemme heat protectant spray. 
theboltzmantheory,9oooe6,"It took me 1.5 years of wearing protective styles and constantly trimming to get rid of all my straight pieces from heat damage. I will never straighten again, it's just not worth it for me. "
thickumsthrow,9oooe6,Do you do a protein mask before and after your heat styling? This helps strengthen your hair preventing further damage 
Kr4mS,9okrxt,Definitely the best product out there!&&&[removed]&&&Sorry newbie here. Just spreading the good news that's all. But I'm happy you noticed :) It might be helpful to other guys that has the same problem as mine. 
himynameismaryjane,9okrxt,Its not an ad but it’s the only thing you have ever posted or commented about 
