index,id,comments
Awakeat5amagain,a0axkp,Lanolin 
BeautifulGorgeous97,a0axkp,"I agree. A couple months ago I started using grease for my scalp and to moisturize my hair, and it's been growing faster than ever! I use Softee Indian hemp. I also grease my scalp 3 times a week. "
alex12m,a0axkp,"I'm about to try it again to seal my hair! I might use Blue Magic (I think that's what its called). 

Do you ever use the grease on your scalp?"
anotherhumanlikeu,a0axkp,Grease only stunts growth and clogs pores when you’re not clarifying your hair properly or washing it regularly. I use the Castor Oil Blue Magic and it’s the best sealant I’ve used. I just have to wash weekly (with a sulphate shampoo every other week) to ensure I don’t get too much build up.
arc-arc-arc,a0axkp,"I want grease that doesn't have shitty ingredients. Pretty much all of the classics are patroleum based,full of waste, with preservatives and unnecessary chemical dyes. There's got to be something better. If anyone knows please let me know. "
darkfires,a0axkp,I've been using Caster Oil as a sealant. I wouldn't call it 'grease' but it's really doing wonders as a heavy oil. It's particularly nice if you're doing twist outs as it seems to create a good amount of slippage so that my ends are 'straighter' (no frizz) after the twist-out.  
illstrumental,a0axkp,Yup! I actually thought about the fact that it “clogged pores” and decided that meant it would work great as a sealant! 
trieditgum,a0axkp,"Don’t sleep on GREASE&&&For so many years we’ve been told that the ingredients in grease stunts hair growth by “clogging” pores. A year ago I’ve returned to grease-using and haven’t looked back. It’s the BEST hair moisture sealant for my 4b/c hair and a culprit to my hair GROWTH! &&&Blue magic is good! I don’t but know people who do! I love using it for moisturizing my hair mainly. It’s great to use with the LOC method.&&&On the scalp it probably helps with dry scalp but I just use water most times.&&&Yass girl &&&If that’s what works for you that’s awesome. I usually hear good things about castor oil regarding hair growth.&&&I agree that you should clarify your hair and scalp thoroughly when using it but grease doesn’t stunt hair growth. Think about it, does your body hair stop growing if you use Vaseline? A clean scalp certainly promotes growth however.!"
Hairthrways,a0a6gb,Extremely dry hair that constantly falls out?&&&I don't know if it's the conditioner or my hair's just dry but I took out my braids a few weeks ago and since then my hair has been gathering in balls at the ends that I have to pull out all the time and it's really dry. What should I do? &&&Do you have any recommendations for affordable products that I need? I want to do my hair in Bantu knots. I've had natural hair for 3 years but it's been in braids for majority of the time so I'm not used to long term care of natural hair.
Irish_Bird,a0a6gb,"As well as deep conditioning your hair, keep the conditioner in for long time. I use a mask twice a week on my hair and leave it in for a minimum of 20 minutes and cover it with a shower cap.  Before you wash your hair, cover it in coconut oil the night before. My hair is dry due to bleaching so I feel your pain. "
TuffTitti,a0a6gb,you might want to consult your doctor if your hair keeps falling out. Sometimes we can do all the right things to keep the hair moisturized but it still stays dry because of a thyroid problem etc...
Worstmodonreddit,a0a6gb,Sounds like it's just shed hair that couldn't get out through the braids. Detangle well next wash and you'll be fine.
originalsoul,a0a6gb,"Could be that you need a trim. Also, keeping your hair in an afro is bound to produce more tangles. I'd say give your hair a deep condition, make sure it's moisturized and that you're sealing that moisture in. Protective styles help to stretch your hair and keep your ends safe. "
kymbabyyyy,a03d7f,Short curly hair routine- SUBSCRIBE FOR MORE https://youtu.be/vCBj65GelW8&&&[removed]
Aintyomamu,9zvcml,"Sweet girl. You’re beautiful just the way god made you.  Unfortunately there’s so much self hate in the black community from years of us being told that we don’t fit (in most westernized/ colonized societies).  In truth your hair is more beautiful bc you know what? You can do so much more with it just because of the texture etc.  I’m so sorry you had to experience this.  I am a white looking creole black woman who, as a child (and being the lightest in my family) I wished I was darker and my hair kinky so I could fit in... my mother didn’t know what to do w my hair and I used to get teased for it. 

I’m glad you came to realize that your hair is one of your best features. You’re beautiful and perfect just the way you are. "
MisSinterpreter123,9zvcml,"I'm glad you like your hair now, self love important.

Some guys are colorist and only want women with light skinned/ ""good hair"" but will call it preference instead of colorism and act like self hate doesn't exist.

I am a bit worried about your mental health, you say that White people make better parents and you wish you were adopted by White people but that you love how different your hair is. It's possible that your parents' comments have affected your self esteem, I encourage you to see a therapist and work on that. Mental health is important."
cocolanoire,9zvcml,If a guy is unattracted to you because of your hair - that’s his loss. Natural hair is a good filter for weeding out the f***boys. The one will love every inch of you...head to toe...
lavasca,9zvcml,Not weird... wonderful!
nanaextramenue,9zvcml,Lmao « natural hair is a good filter for weeding out the f*** boys » I felt that and it is 100% true. A man who loves you only on your looks does not really love you. 
sangriarita,9zvcml,"I will never forget the first time a man told me my hair was awful. My mom and dad who adopted me were relaxing my hair. My dad was frustrated by the process and said something like, “God this is awful.” My mother who is a white woman with the curliest and most gray hair ever said, “Never tell a woman her hair is awful. Her hair is perfect. We just gotta work with it.” Every time I think negative thoughts about my hair, my brain instantly flashes to what my mom said. I have beautiful hair. I just have to work WITH it. "
tinydog360,9zvcml,"Is it weird that I think my hair is one of my best features?&&&So I have quote on quote bad hair. I don't have that good hair that black people love so much I have thick, curly kinky hair and majority of my life my parents always told me it was one of my ugliest features and the reason why I wouldn't be able to attact a good guy. Even now I feel like my hair will be the main reason I won't get a good man because I'm not pretty, I have kinky/ curly  hair and I'm not  light skinned. im dating currently but it's honestly really hard for me because I feel like something Is going to go wrong or he won't like me even though every guy I talked too and dated in the past told me they liked my hair texture I still feel insecure about it....   I don't know why but I honestly feel like my parents  seriously fucked me up as a kid. I used to dream about having straight hair and I used to want to be adopted by white people and even now I wish I was adopted by white people as a baby because white people make better parents in my opinion. 

I have a full set of hair, it grows, its strong and it's at a length I like. I love how it's different from other hair textures and that my hair is very thick. I love big, thick hair... There's nothing medically wrong with my hair, no breakage, it's soft and I learned how to make it manageable I just hate the shame that's attracted to my hair texture....

"
trieditgum,9zvcml,"That was a red flag to me too. That’s not a healthy mentality and an inaccurate statement. But in response to the OP’s title, no it’s not weird. My beautiful black hair is my favorite feature and I feel the most beautiful with it natural."
JessicaCotte,9zg5go,"[Salonphactor.com](https://Salonphactor.com) has buy one get one free with code ""bogo"""
MisSinterpreter123,9zg5go,"Mane krush is having a 20% off sale until midnight.
Ebonicurls (hair accessories like satin bonnets and turbans) is having a 20% sale
Alikay Naturals is having sales until Sunday."
OrlandoPosher,9zg5go,"I'm keeping my eye on The Mane Choice as they usually have good sales. The ones I find are announced on their instagram. So far, all I see is BOGO 50% off for their products on LuckyVitamin that ends 11/25.

&#x200B;

Edited to say: Choice50 will get you 50% off site wide"
TuffTitti,9zg5go,cantu & shea moisture have holiday gift sets that are a good deal
breester7,9zg5go,"Revair hair dryer is $300, sale just started!"
himynameismaryjane,9zg5go,And I’m really thinking about getting it... 
katsqaz,9zg5go,Any good black Friday or cyber Monday deals on natural hair products?&&&I'm looking for a good deal. Thanks in advance!
litosti,9zg5go,[Oyin Handmade](https://oyinhandmade.com/) is 30% off sitewide. Highly recommend the co-wash and conditioner. Leave-in is also a solid B+.
mama_muffin,9zg5go,"Buy 2 DevaCurl stylers, get 1 (of equal or lesser value) free on the DC website. "
Blergh_MaGerks,9z6j3b,"I'm hoping for a knock off brand to show up soon, too. This would be awesome for stretched styles. Just not for the price they're charging. Hoping Revlon gets on it soon. They did a dryer similar to the Dyson round brush recently, maybe they can do this too"
himynameismaryjane,9z6j3b,Lord Jesus I wish. I’m waiting on Black Friday. They advertised that it will be on sale. I really could use a dryer like that but I can’t justify spending that much money on it. 
ladyAnder,9z6j3b,"I want this hair dryer too but I can't justify paying $400 dollars either. 

I don't think there is one out yet. Still fairly newish I suppose. "
mika_rasc0,9z6j3b,They are having a sale right now for $100 less on their site! Thinking now is a good time to take the plunge 😬 I’ve heard lots of good things on YouTube so far 
rcrystal4,9z6j3b,Has anyone found a RevAir knockoff brand?&&&I just discovered the RevAir online and it looks like it would be very beneficial for my hair. I have 4c natural hair and manageability with minimal breakage has always been the goal. This dryer seems like it would be super duper helpful...if only it weren't 400 dollars! I feel like the idea is pretty simple (a hand vac for  your hair) and there must be other brands/knock off versions out there that cost less. I just haven't been able to find one yet :-(  Has anyone been able to find a product similar to RevAir?
vulpix_at_alola,9z6j3b,"I was wondering jigging up a waterproof vacuum and a hairdryer together with some printed PETG. Idk if itll work tho, if it does should cost about 80$ for the vacuum and the cost in materials used would be about 20$~"
ateeightate,9yubuf,"Their purposes though there is always the chance of overlap. Styling creams could be nourishing but leave-in conditioners should always be hydrating/nourishing. Or, they suck at their job."
dsgdf,9yubuf,"What‘s the difference between leave in conditioners and styling creams?&&&&&&Do you ever use them both at once?&&&I didn‘t know that, thanks! Would you say that a leave in combined with a styling cream could provide enough  moisture and definition inbetween washdays if I wash my hair once a week?&&&Thanks!"
femmefinale,9yubuf,Cream is usually a bit heavier. Leave in can actually be straight liquid.
midnightslip,9yubuf,"I'd imagine the styling cream has a bit of hold while the leave-in doesn't have as much hold. Styling cream=soft hold, leave-in = moisturized hair"
originalsoul,9yubuf,Because a leave ins main job is to moisturize you can probably get away with using it everyday or every other day. A styling creme will probably give you major build up really fast if you tried that. 
yourbestbudz,9yubuf,I swear there’s no difference. I use them interchangeably. 
Fortify5,9ypi6e,4C low porosity hair. How do I prevent my hair getting tangled and hair fairies?&&&My hair gets so tangles up and it's really starting to take effect on its length. Especially hair fairies because once it's tangled it always falls out. What's the best way to avoid both? I don't wanna pick it out everyday because that's just as bad imo 
Shidapita13,9ypi6e,Check out Chizi Duru on YouTube 
TuffTitti,9ypi6e,banding the hair every night & a large satin bonnet
originalsoul,9ypi6e,If you want to rock an afro everyday there's not a lot you can do. It's why protective styles for 4c hair types are essential for length retention. 
silkygal,9ypi6e,What’s your current hair routine?
MisSinterpreter123,9yg98q,"It's possible, you put too much oil in the hair and now it's weighing your hair down.

From what I've researched, the no poo method was developed because at the time sulfate shampoos were everywhere so ACV or baking soda was suggested as an alternative. 

Those products can throw your hair pH balance off. 

I found this link and hope it helps. https://www.google.com/amp/s/m.wikihow.com/Wash-Coconut-Oil-Out-of-Hair%3famp=1

If lemon on your hair isn't your thing, get a good sulfate free clarifying shampoo. Alikay naturals, Camille rose naturals and a few other brands work well.

Going forward, use a small amount of oil during the deep conditioning. 

Good luck."
awalkineden,9yg98q," Ok, guys i need help.

I've recently started the no poo method and everything is going great except last night i deep conditioned my hair with coconut oil. How do i get the oil out of my hair without shampoo???

Is this the first dumb question on this no Dumb question thread and does everyone already know the solution, cause my mind is blown.

​

P.s I have 3b curls."
aqua_not_capri,9ye7qy,"You don’t have to chop it all off now! It’s okay not to. Start with getting a trim in the ends, and gradually cutting off your hair. 

I’m going through this now. I’ve been transitioning and last night I chopped off a lot of my ends because I was so tired of it. I didn’t cut it all off though, because I’m not ready for that. Take it slow."
gliitterfraps,9ye7qy,"If your too scared to do the big chop then don't do it. When I transitioned, it was about a year in before I decided to do the big chop. My hair was still short but because I wore my hair up a lot it wasn't too much of a difference. You said your natural hair has not been growing? Before I went natural I went to a hair dresser who told me that she needed get rid of the damaged ends in order for me to have healthy hair so she cut it in bob hairstyle. I say go to a professional who knows how to deal with damaged hair instead of doing it yourself and then afterwords feeling overwhelmed "
lovesmakeupandbooks,9ye7qy,I started by just trimming the ends a little at a time. Until I couldn't take it. I needed to have pix taken for work so I went to a professional to have it cut. I found a Ouidad AA stylist. I couldn't be happier. I wish I had gone sooner because I can do so many more styles now that I don't have a million stringy ends.  But you will know when the time is right. 
taebear97,9ye7qy,"Im scared to big chop!! Should i do it?&&&I feel as if my hair is damaged in some way (I colored my hair a couple of years ago and didnt takre care of it) or thats its not growing the way I want it to grow (I cant even tell if its growing at all). I never cut my hair, just transition, but its been 3 years since i turned natural and nothing has changed. Ive been recently been wanting to big chop but ive been too scared to do it, but its been an increasing urge as of lately and i have no idea what to do at this point. "
