index,id,comments
BonnJord,9akhbs,Could you possibly show a picture of it? Or something on the internet that looks like it. 
Fortify5,9akhbs,"Do i have alopecia?&&&I'm a 20 year old male and I've been growing my hair out since last September. It hasn't grown too much ( only about 6 inches and I don't know why) my biggest concern I just discovered are a few bald spots... I have a few bald spots In the BACK of my head. They're kinda hard to see, but they're there. It's not a circle though. It's a line of hair missing and it's about three of them through the back of my head.  

The patch isn't smooth and it's not in the shape of a coin, so I don't think it's alopecia, but I'm seriously confused if it's not. 

Honestly, I could take care of my hair better. I do moisturize it daily with water and oil, but I've failed to find a shampoo or conditioner that hasn't left my hair dry and crunchy and I don't have a routine, nor do I sleep with a durag. I also use the spongebrush to style my hair, not sure if that's the culprit or not... "
Weaselpanties,9akhbs,"Sounds like scars... did you ever get any scalp cuts as a child or baby? Perhaps your mom can shed light on them.

4 to 6 inches a year is a pretty normal rate of growth for hair, unfortunately! Treasure that growth, you're doing good. The second year is always an awkward length, but get through it and you'll be in luxuriant locks territory by year 3."
tamkam1,9aj7a4,How to style crochet hair. Protective style&&&[removed]
tallfunnygirl,9a16nb,Kauai Braiders&&&[removed]
ScaleKnight,99zyas,"Help/Tips for installing Faux Locs.&&&I've just installed my own faux locs for the first time but was having some issues getting them to look the way I want them to.

I did the individual braid method, crocheted the loc in at the base and wrapped the loc around each braid, but since the locs I used are bright, non-natural colors, when I pull my hair up into ponytails or shift it too much, my hair starts becoming visible through the loc, especially at the base where sometimes a full inch will be sticking out.

I did do this on straightened hair, but I'm not sure if that's what's affecting this or not. Does anyone have any tips or ideas on how I could fix this? Thanks!

P. S. Sorry for no pics as an ex, I'm on mobile at work rn"
abelleforyou,99xa67,"Box braids: How often is too often? How do y’all prep?&&&Hey y’all, I’m thinking of getting box braids before I go back to school. I just got some box braids in July and took them out in the beginning of August, so my hair has had three weeks to rest. Is it too early to put it back into box braids? I get really anxious about losing my edges or stressing them out and even though it isn’t back to back, I don’t want to invite breakage into my life. 

Also, do y’all deep condition the night before you get braided? Hot oil treatment? Clarifying wash and leave in? I never know if I’m going to be softening my hair too much or whatever. 

"
kvhjo,99xa67,"I think that’s plenty of time in between.

My prep before getting box braids is shampooing if I haven’t recently, deep conditioning with a DC cream, but I think a hot oil treatment would do good too. Then I typically oil/grease my scalp and then do my usual moisturizing routine and braid my hair to stretch and let it dry.  

If you’re worried about your edges and stuff and I would say keep them moisturized so they don’t get dry and break off while you have your braids in. And try to limit styles where your hair is pulled back/up or at least lessen the tension in the first two rows. "
sourcedirectinc,99orud,The Weave Scratcher- Stop the Pat!&&&[removed]
FairiesAreEvil,98spmw,"I would invite your siblings if you want to see them, your parents have issues and are way too controlling. This isn’t normal. Maybe you should post this on r/relationships because I’m sure this isn’t just about hair, they probably try to control all aspects of your life too. "
SqueakyCog,98spmw,Are you the oldest? It's time that you tested out your independence and it's time that your parents experienced rebellion. 
Weaselpanties,98spmw,"In case you are feeling  guilty about it, it is 100% OK for you to get your own phone and stop going home for holidays. Another option, if you can afford it, is to go home, but stay in a nearby motel or B&B, so that they have nothing to hold over you. Before you do that, make sure you get anything else they could possibly hold over your head out of their house and under your own control. 

You are a self-supporting adult, and you have the right to control your own hair, and to come and go as you please. It can be hard for some parents to acknowledge that, but if you don't lay down the law with them, they will continue to try to control you for the rest of your life. The longer you wait to make that separation, the harder it will be for them to let you go. 

Good luck! You are strong."
_CoachMcGuirk,98spmw,"Get on over to r/nocontract. I have Total Wireless, it's available at Walmart (in store or online) and comes with unlimited talk and text and 6BG of internet. It uses verizon towers which I think is the best coverage in the US, and it's $35.

Also, stop going home for the holidays. That shits for the birds. You've had 19 Christmases, Thanksgivings, Easters, etc, you can stop if you want. Or stay with a friend when you go home."
bdd4,98spmw,"If mom is black, tell her she's self-hating. She needs to hear it. You'd be doing her a favor"
lastofadeadbreed,98spmw,I’m confused. You’re out of your parent’s house and you support yourself. How do they have this kind of control over how you wear your hair? Do they help monetarily in some way with your life?
samthefriend,98spmw,She is probably in college
tinydog360,98spmw,"I want to take my braids out but my mom won't let me....:/&&&So I'm 19. I have a job, make my own money and for the thanksgiving I wanted to be natural for a while but my mom will yell and scream at me to wear wigs at work and I'm not allowed to have curly hair at work. Or have haircuts. My parents want me to wear wigs 24/7 and I'm not allowed to take them out under no circumstances. I moved out a few weeks ago and I wanted to take my hair down in November but then my parents might not allow me to leave the house or say that I'm not professional looking enough for work. 



Also when I go see them for the holidays my curfew is 7;30 pm every day and I'm not allowed to date or bring guys that I like around my parents. 

I really don't even want to go home for holidays at this point. I'm not allowed to do anything and my parents basically control everything including my everyday hairstyles. It's why I moved out in the first place so I wouldn't have to live with them.  I really want to see my siblings though but then I remember how miserable and depressed my parents make me then I don't want to go back.....  Any advice? ;/ 

I just hate the curfew and how I'm not allowed to wear my curly hair...

Yes. They pay my phone bill...."
