index,id,comments
HDA4350,9s8ll4,The key to wash and go is apply the products when hair is soaking wet. Also you need to know your hair porosity in order to choose the right products especially styling products. Hair type has little bearing on the success rate of a wash and go IMO  
Therealwanvan,9s8ll4,"I’m a 3c 4a high porosity. My go to for wash and go is curls brand curl creme then the goddess curl gel. I apply to freshly conditioned hair. Use the cream to moisturize. Use the gel to lock it in. Style and then diffuse with cold air if you have the time. 

At night, I pull it up into a loose pony with one of those coily hair ties, and wrap it in a buff. Then usually, that gives me pretty decent day 2 hair as well.  &&&I do use it on soaking wet hair (for context, my hair in the front stretches down to just below my eye, and I have the sides and back buzzed in an undercut). 

I rake the creme broulee through with my fingers until it’s all the way worked in— I’ve used a paddle brush before and even a detangling comb all with similar results.   

Once I add the gel, that’s when I style it.  I’ll coil Any loose strands—maybe split some curls into smaller ones etc. All of this while trying not to touch it too much haha. 

Once I’m happy with it, that’s when I diffuse (I do a minimum 15 mins). If I’m in a rush, I’ll plop with a microfiber towel, and maybe skip diffusing. Just depends. 
"
ellamaii,9s8ll4,What products have you been using?
latisha05,9s8ll4,Wash n Go for 3c/4a texture&&&I have 3c/4a texture and I was wondering what products are recommended for a wash n go to really keep my hair moisturized and curls popping. Right now my wash n gos are a complete failure once my hair dries. &&&Thank you! I am going to try this combination. Do you apply it to soaking wet hair and use a denman brush or just rake your fingers through? &&&I have been using Shea Moisture  Curl Enhancing Smoothie & Curling Gel Souffle. I think it is the gel my hair does not like. My hair is always like sticky when I use it. Or maybe I am just not applying it correctly. &&&I would say it is normal. My hair is very healthy and doesn't even shed much. My hair absorbs moisture pretty easily. I just think I am using the wrong products or not applying them correctly. 
lavasca,9s8ll4,"What level of porosity/absorption, please?"
orangepuppy8,9s8ll4,"i believe i have 3c/4a hair and it is also very thick so after I wash, i use a leave in conditioner. Then i use a cream (Maui Moisture) and a holding gel (Aunt Jackie’s Don’t Shrink Flaxseen Elongating Gel). "
raeesa28,9s8ll4,Anything from the brand cantu specifically their leave in conditioner
SweetTNWhiskey,9s3ygx,"I got mine from HerGivenHair. It was worth the money, definitely an investment. "
Tacox706,9s3ygx,Heat free hair is my favorite. They have. A blow out collection. It's expensive but it's a very good quality. 
bodakhello,9s3ygx,"Any suggestions for Natural Clip Ins?&&&Hello all,

&#x200B;

Was wondering if anyone had any suggestions for natural hair clip ins, i want a kinky straight texture....I've tried big chop hair and cant say I was a fan... Please let me know if you have ideas !"
hexaneandheels_,9s3ygx,What color did you.bleach/dye them? 
shelswirly,9s3ygx,I have a set of natural clip ins from HerGivenHair. I’ve bleached and re-dyed them a couple of times and they’ve held up! I would recommend checking those out. I had curly ones but I know they have blown out and kinky textures. 
cocolanoire,9rym5t,"I mix:

- 1 blended banana - make sure you thoroughly sieve out the seeds before applying to the hair
- Some tablespoons of honey - depending on the length of your hair
- Shea butter
- coconut oil 
- conditioner of choice
- 1 teaspoon of henna or one egg

Apply to dry hair as a pre-poo. Cover hair in a shower cap or plastic bag depending on your level of bougie ;-) wrap a warm towel around the plastic or go under a steamer/hooded dryer if you have one. 

Leave on for 30mins to an hour. 

Then shampoo and condition as normal - apply your leave in to wet hair. 

This concoction made a huge difference to my dry and brittle hair. "
koi19,9rym5t,Does the ripeness matter for the banana?
nishnish21,9rym5t,"Start with an old or empty leave in conditioner jar/bottle for the base. 

Then add:

Any oil you have on hand 1/2 cup(oil, caster, coconut etc) 

Depending if you are going to leave this in over night or just a few hours I would add 1 avocado (overnight) 1 egg and  2 tablespoons of mayo (a few hours). 

I will search all the cabinets for the last drops of any conditioner, hair moisturizer or hair masks and add that to your base.

I sometimes put my henna powder in this (if I have some) and warm up a 1/2 of hot water with 3 green tea bags submerged for at least 20 mins

Combined all ingredients to hair and leave on for at least 1 hour. Cover hair with plastic cap or grocery bag. Then put a scarf on top or a towel. 

Rinse off really well with warm water (avocado is a bitch) and then end the wash with cold water to seal in the moisturize. 

Add whatever leave in you have on hand and style"
teddytie,9rym5t,"Homemade deep conditioner&&&
My hair desperately needs hydration. What are the best hair masks made from products found around the house?&&&Can an avocado be added?"
Annabana24,9rtypv,Deep Conditioner&&&What’s are some of your favorite deep conditioners that you like to use? I’m looking to try a new deep conditioner that I can add to my hair regimen. &&&I look into that one. I’ve seen the products but I’ve never used it before &&&I will give them a try &&&Thank you! I will try that. &&&I have low porosity hair. I’m not sure what my texture is. All I know is I have thick hair. 
Baescott,9rtypv,deva curl melt into moisture
Captain_Marshmellow,9rtypv,"I love the cantu deep treatment masque
No mineral oils, sulfates, or any of that junk and it's relatively easy to find. "
IdesofJulio,9rtypv,Macadamia oil deep repair mask. Their products are fab
_CoachMcGuirk,9rtypv,Aussie 3 Minute Miracle Moist
chocogeek,9rtypv,I’m loving the Manuka Honey & Mafura Oil mask as well as the Jamaican Black Castor Oil mask by Shea Moisture (but my hair hates their Raw Shea Butter mask and their Coconut & Hibiscus mask). 
curlgarden,9rtypv,the mane choice ancient egyptian hair mask
hambuddy,9rtypv,alikay naturals honey and sage dc is by far the best dc i’ve ever used
justswimfree,9rtypv,"TGIN Honey miracle mask. JCBO Shea moisture mask and the Manuka honey one is good to. Honestly I’ve tried almost all of Shea moisture masks and I like most besides the Shea butter one. It just depends on your hair needs, but the best one I’ve ever tried is the TGIN. I can’t use it though because it is to expensive for me right now."
katsqaz,9rtypv,I've been finding the TGIN products at TJ Maxx/marshalls. You should check there if you have one
lavasca,9rtypv,What is your hair like? Texture and porosity/absorbtion like?  That way we can find  your “hair teins” who can give you the best recommendations.
luckyseaturtle,9rtypv,Oh I love that stuff so much!
Fortify5,9rs3qc,"Those with 4c hair that isn’t naturally curly, what product made your hair curly?&&&I’m a male with around 3-4 inches of hair and I really want it curly. However, I have more of a common afro texture/pattern. I used Gorilla Snot and it made it much curly than it normally does, but it becomes extremely dry and brittle after an hour or so. 

What’s a good product that can guarantee curly hair to my hair type that doesn’t leave my hair in a bad state? "
HumbleAbbreviations,9rs3qc,Texturizer
LordAsbel,9rs3qc,Twist outs and Curls Blueberry bliss twist and shout cream
itsLunaNegra,9rs3qc,"Accept your natural texture, boo.
Our coily type 4 hair is BEAUTIFUL! ❤️
"
keewee89,9rs3qc,"Cantu moisturising curl activator is amazing. Not to sh*t on the other suggestion but my hair is easily manipulated and the Shea moisture didn't do much.

Cantu has holding properties so it makes the curls pop. I sometimes use it as gel without a brush, just lay it with a scarf and it still works really well. It gives my hair waves and little curls lol."
ladyAnder,9rs3qc,"My hair isn't curly with product alone. A curl activator won't do it and neither will a gel. Sure you'll notice a little something but that's all the curl you're going to get get.

Wearing a twist-out or a braid out is the only way without chemicals well, aside from curlers :P

Basically put you hair in twists when it's damp with a curl defining product of your choice. I know a lot of people use gels but I don't recommend it. They'll damage your hair especially if you don't moisturize your hair properly. 



"
omojos,9rs3qc,"If your hair isn’t curly, products won’t make it curly. Your hair is going to dry out and break off if you keep treating it like that in search of curls. Gels are not good for your hair.

A twistout or braidout will make your hair appear curly without damaging it."
widyo,9rs3qc,have you tried shea moisture’s curl enhancing smoothie? i use it with coconut oil on top and i also have 4c hair. it definitely adds definition!
Msdevero,9rpdy9,Silk press&&&Anyone have bad experiences getting one? Better luck not sweating it out in winter or not?&&&The salon I got a regular blowout from used heat protection products. I want to try the silk press this time because the blowout didnt last at all. 
luckyseaturtle,9rpdy9,"Mine have always lasted about 2-3 weeks, even if I work out a few times a week.  I think it can depend on your stylist and their technique as well. Caring for the style is also important. If you think you're going to sweat, wrap your hair. It dries the way it wraps, according to my stylist. "
theboltzmantheory,9rpdy9,Be so careful with getting a silk press. I got heat damage that took forever to grow out. 
2noserings,9ros94,"In the first 6 months I felt so ugly. Every morning I would get up to style my hair and just cry in the mirror because I felt so disgusting. But as I cared for my hair more & more I started growing into it! I feel SO cool with my mini-fro 💙☺️

Treat it as a labor of love. Take this time to really up your style game or maybe play around with makeup or other forms of expression. Sometimes you gotta “look rough” a while before you glow up. Be patient. "
Jasmina095,9ros94,"No, i don't, i feel like myself
I don't have need to hide behind a weave or wig at all. The Makeup and Wigs, fake hair is to make you someone you are not and if you feel comfortable with who you are then you don't need it. "
Mootie2,9ros94,"It's been a long time since I've been natural and I'm in the middle of transitioning. I'm loving it. I don't wear makeup, personally I feel weird when I put it on because it doesn't look natural. I think natural is beautiful, and I think you have to accept who you are because at the end of the day when the make up comes off and your hair is natural you have to accept the image in the mirror. But with that said, do you, do what makes you feel beautiful."
lavasca,9ros94,"Nope.

My hair just needs to be long whether natural or straight.  As long as it is the right length I don’t need makeup."
omojos,9ros94,"I feel less attractive with weave and makeup because it doesn’t look natural to me. Now I like makeup sometimes but 90% of the time I don’t even think to wear it. Weaves have never been a crutch for me so I just learned to love my hair regardless.

I think a lot of black women who are natural feel this way though. If you just look on Instagram all I see is wig culture and many of the women who are natural appear to feel obligated to have a full coat of makeup (as if natural hair is not presentable without “jazzing” it up...)"
tinydog360,9ros94,Does anybody feel ugly or not as pretty with natural hair?&&&[removed]
Monchi09,9rnbj4,"Your Winter Hair Care Routine?&&&So dreadful winter is coming again and I'm struggling to keep my hair moist! 

My current routine:
Everyday: tgin double butter daily moisture, and almond oil to seal. I pick my hair into a fro and go :) 

everyday at night: braid my hair to stop breakage with water and almond oil (which has been working well!) And then I wrap my hair.

Weekly: Shea moisture treatment ( strengthen and restore treatment masque) and shampoo+ condition  (same brand)

Its usually dry during the day I find. I have tried raw Shea butter+ coconut oil and hate it. Maybe a good butter would be helpful. 

Thanks everyone! 
"
Msdevero,9rnbj4,I usually do a lot more protective styles during the winter. Braids or twists. 
n_kaye,9rnbj4,The Mane Choice softening milk!! It has changed my life 
HoneyBeyBee,9rho2k,Air dry. I’d rather avoid heat as much as possible. 
Jazzers88,9rho2k,Twist Out Preference&&&When you do your flat twist out do you prefer to sit under the dryer or air dry? Why? 
VOL03,9rho2k,"I like to sit under the dryer. Couldn’t stand my hair never being fully dry the next morning and ending up with a frizzy twistout. I keep my dryer on heat setting 4-4.5 out of 10, which isn’t too bad. My hair dries in about an hour. "
feelingsavoider,9rho2k,"Same here. Especially now that my hair has grown more it’s almost impossible for me to wash and style my hair in one day, and expect it to be dry enough for take down the next "
mousemarie94,9rho2k,"Air dry, I usually dont have the time to sit under a dryer. I usually wear my hair in the twists for two or three days then take it down."
hairlossforwomen,9rgfxj,How hair loss starts?&&&[removed]
JollyArt,9re4ci,Bleaching hair&&&[removed]
KittyBionic,9rd59f,I make a Hair Growth Serum that’s infused with essential oils and is Ayurvedic. It’s got great reviews on Etsy 😀 message me if you’d like a link. 😊✌️
Tacox706,9rd59f,"I use something similar i put together after watching Curly Proverbz videos. I buy everything from Amazon and it normally lasts me for a few jars. I mix fenugreek seeds, olive oil, grapeseed oil, castor oil, some henna powder and essential oils. I let that sit in a mansion jar for a day or two, shake it about and add what I need to a 3 Oz applicator bottle and just fill it up with what's in the jar as I need it. Lasts me about a month. The oil goes a long way. Pm me if you need more details! It's really helped my hair grow after it now growing much since I got it cut. I've had more growth/retention in the past 9 months than I did in the 3 years I was natural. "
ricochetblue,9rd59f,I think that buying the powders is more effective.
riggie94,9rd59f,has anyone ever used an ayuverdic hair oil?&&&[removed]
riggie94,9rcr05,has anyone ever used an ayuverdic hair oil?&&&[removed]
Bobelle,9r0mur,I like ProtectivePrincess and westafricanbaby
Jazzers88,9r0mur,GreenBeauty was my savior. After I started watching her videos my hair took an outrageous turn for the better ! 
Robinspeakeasey,9r0mur,Some of them are very popular though
TuffTitti,9r0mur,"What's the name of your channel?!  I know you can't post links....

I've been obsessed with African threading recently. Some recent youtubers that I love for african threading are Jane Nashe, Natural Sisters, Tondi Phophi.

Some other awesome natural youtubers - TheChicNatural, Hellow NaturalBeauty, BeautyCanBraid, nappyheaded jojoba, Kopano the blog, Zmariebeauty.

Jane nashe has a 4C twa and she can work black girl magic with it!"
ateeightate,9r0mur,I also really like Zmariebeauty! 
sd12018,9r0mur,"Do you have any favorite small Natural Hair YouTubers?&&&I started a YT channel at the beginning of the year that mainly focuses on natural hair, product reviews, and tutorials. Since starting my channel I have become increasingly interested in finding more small natural hair YouTubers. If you have a channel or have some favorites, drop them below, I'd love to check you/them out!"
Kisabelle04,9qv98g,"Accepting my hair&&&Hi! My names Isabelle and I’m a freshmen in highschool who’s 15 years old, and I’ve had my natural hair ever since eighth grade ( before that I had a permanent straighten,) because of social media, I’m always seeing  brown girls like myself with straight silky hair. If not, they have lose curls. Unlucky for me, I have 3c/4a hair. As much as I wish for 3b hair, I know I’m never gonna get it and what makes me frustrated the most is dealing with my curly hair during school. Especially when I sweat it out since I live in the desert. I just can’t decide what to do with the mop on top my head! The biggest problem I have I think is that, box braids are too expensive for me to keep redoing them,  the shrinkage and frizz of curly hair makes me wanna shout, im too scared to wear a weave to school, because I might get called out,  and i don’t want to damage my natural hair with a relaxer. Im so confused on what to do, and I just want to be a pretty girl with nice manageable hair that lasts throughout the day. I’ve tried my best to understand what other girls do but I never seem to get answers. I’ve been constantly experimenting with my curly hair to see what works too and so far it’s been nothing! I honestly just feel shitty going to school and when I see other girls rocking silky straight hair or loose curly hair styles it just makes me so jealous!

What should I do??&&& I try but it’s certainly hard to find people with 3c Jaír and low porosity. I’m a mix between Filipino and African American so even when I search that up, they mostly have 3b"
Light_Aegle,9qv98g,"It's great that you're starting to accept your natural hair for what it is. It may been seem like the best thing to do is to get silky smooth hair but your 4c hair can be great too. I've recently started trying out different 4c hairstyles with my hair too which hasn't been easy for me personally. 

Have you tried looking up YouTube videos of hairstylists who have similar hair to yours? Doing that may help you find out what products will help your hair grow and be its best along with showing you the variety of different hairstyles "
atomizedshucks,9qv98g,"Play around with it. And be reasonable with yourself, kinda just accept the way your hair behaves. A lion can want its mane to be plumage alll day and it ain't gon happen (naturally).

&#x200B;

I got really tired of getting my hair permed about 2 years ago. I was tired of the skin irritation, how fragile my hair would feel just after processing, the upkeep of the straightened hair.

I started just flat ironing my hair. But that was tedious and too delicate a process to prevent heat damage while also getting perfectly straightened hair...

So I started doing two big flat twists on either side of my head (kinda like a crown or halo) and tucking the ends into eachother in the back. Even though my hair was still right at shoulder length when straighted, it SHRINKS. So my hand would get very very tired as I constantly tried to maintain a grip on my hair. It was time consuming and the kinkiness of my hair made it all the more difficult.

&#x200B;

Then one day I said f\* it. I didn't go straight for my brushes or my hair drier right out of the shower. Dabbed it until it was just  damp. Threw on some clothes. Went grocery shopping. Sat in the park. took in the sun. and felt empowered!

Over the past 2 months I've learned the shampoo and conditioner technique that works for my hair. and my twice a week wash day routine consists of my playing my shower play, stepping into the shower, washing/coditioning my hair, showering, and then... When  *THE* Song comes on... I put my hair back under the water until it's DRENCHED  then I head bang and shake my head until the bulk of the water is out. Step out of the shower and Don't touch my hair.

I never knew my hair could coil until I just let it.

&#x200B;

edit: I have 4b/c with some 3a/b that I def used to think were heat damage but no that's just the way it is "
dirtydaniphantom,9qv98g,"Hey Isabelle! I have 3c/4a hair also. I struggled in my middle school years with my hair, but really it takes acceptance and PRACTICE! Natural hair is so versatile, you really have to experiment and find styles that work for you. For me, it’s always been wash and gos. Recently I cut off all my hair and still I always go to wash and gos, it’s what works for me. But you can try twist outs, braid outs, Bantu knots, different tools to help manipulate your hair like perm rods, flexi rods, curl formers. You can stretch your natural curls with banding if something looser is your objective. Buns, weave styles like buns with added hair or ponytails, braids other than box braids like feed ins, crochet styles... the options are really endless! Don’t let anyone’s opinion on your natural you get to you, it’s what makes you beautiful and unique. Keep your hair healthy and clean and grow to love it because it is all yours!"
jazzyfizzll,9qv98g,"Girl, it is all relative when it comes to hair. To this day, I still sort of envy people with 3c/4a hair because their curls are so pretty! As someone with 4c hair who's been natural for almost 15 years now, I can't say it's easy,  but it's definitely gotten easiER. I've learned a lot from hair blogs like curlynikki and watching random youtube videos- primarily that our hair needs to be kept as moisturized as possible! Learn to love your look and don't compare yourself to others. People will constantly come and go, but you will always have to be there for yourself,  so learn to love yourself and your hair (even when it seems impossible to control!). And don't be afraid to experiment with different styles and ignore the haters. You'll be surprised how many random poc will support you  in your hair journey :)

Keep your head up!"
sd12018,9qv98g,"Honestly, I think it all starts with accepting your hair the way it is. I remember when I first went natural almost 10 years ago I felt the same way, I wanted my texture to be different. Over time, I realized that no matter what I do, my hair will always be what it is. At that point I just started experimenting with different products and styles to figure out what made me feel good about myself.  I started doing styles like twist-outs, braid-outs, etc. I remember my first wash and go looked like sh\*\* lol. Now that I've learned how to properly do it, it's one of my favorite styles. Confidence also plays a major role, rock your hair and be confident about it.  If you learn to have confidence, nothing that anyone says will be able to stop you from wearing, embracing, and loving your texture."
IrregularAppearance,9qsf2e,"Does your hair **actually** look terrible or are your parents just being harsh and stuck in their ways? I know a lot of people thought natural hair looked unkempt when the ""movement"" started. 

There's nothing wrong with weaves - lots of people use them to grow their hair out and get through what some might consider an awkward stage. They also use braids and other protective styles like you're considering. 

If you like your hair and are comfortable with it, ignore your parents! If you think they have a point, maybe there are some things you could do to help your hair out. How long have you been natural? Maybe you could go onto YouTube to find different ways to nourish and style your hair. Natural hair is super cute! It is a lot of work, but it's versatile and gorgeous. 

&#x200B;

&#x200B;"
UnsatisfiableStar,9qsf2e,Get the box braids. Just make sure that your hair is trimmed and moisturized before doing it!
_CoachMcGuirk,9qsf2e,I'm sorry you're going through this. You sound like a youngster constrained by your parents as far as they provide your shelter and I don't have any advice because I didn't experience a reaction like this when I was younger. I guess you have to go back to weaves. Start planning for the future though so whenever you're old enough you can financially afford to move out.
aghdm,9qsf2e,"I'm so sorry this is happening. Something similar went down with my parents when I first went natural too. I think this is a hurdle a lot of naturals have to get past when living at home. I think the biggest factor in their acceptance of your hair is going to be TIME. Speaking from personal experience, what worked for me was wearing a lot of ""neater"" hairstyles, like really defined twist-outs and sleek buns, or sometimes braiding extension hair into my hair in two braids, until most of the negative comments blew over. I did this for a couple of months, and little by little they started getting used to what I looked like with my hair curly, so I was able to experiment more and wear my hair bigger. I also made sure to always speak positively about my hair and to mention to them how much I loved my hair curly and how I even preferred how I looked with natural hair over straight hair (for example, if they asked me sarcastic questions about my hair, I would always respond nicely and non-defensively, as if they were genuinely asking me something). Over time my parents came around and now they both like (or at least tolerate) my hair. If you can, I would avoid getting box braids for now and just tough it out a little longer. Hope this helped! Sending you lots of encouragement, it gets better! "
ateeightate,9qsf2e,"I had to talk to my parents about the emotional toll their hate was having on me. And, repeatedly tell them that ""EYE like my hair"". That I like my natural; that I like how I look.

Also, why go straight to weave or braids? Perhaps a natural hair stylists? I would check out Mr. Naturalz on instagram. He has natural hair styles, locs, fro styles.. everything that can be natural and inspiration for a hair style! No need to go to weave or braids if you feel as if you need a ""style"" to the look. There are other artists out there too but I can't think of any."
kayteach,9qsf2e,"To be all the way honest i think if you are an adult you should do what you think is best for you because your parents have already tried things and did things in their lives that made them the people that they are. So i would have a conversation with them about letting you explore and express what you feel. If you are a teen i would still treat my hair with my natural products while wearing the weave, but i would get a nice lace until you are out of your parents home. And then you can wear it how you want without their criticism."
tinydog360,9qsf2e,"Being natural is difficult and I might just go back to weave.&&&So the issue with this is that my parents are telling me I look like shit, I look terrible and won't allow me to go anywhere because I look like a homeless person. My mom basically is pressuring me to go back to weave and I feel sad because I don't want to wear box braids but I feel like I don't have any other choice... Even my sister was shocked about how my mom acted but I still feel like I don't have any other choice but to wear weave... I hate wearing weave because I feel like I'm doing it for my parents and not for me....  So.... I do plan on getting box braids ASAP because if I'm not allowed to go anywhere what's the point of being natural?  How do I constantly deal with being told how shitty, and horrible I look all the time by my mom/ dad? 

Most people say on here they go back to weaves because thyre hair is too hard to manage and I'm going back to weave because of my parents opinion... :/  "
TuffTitti,9qo2tp,Maybe your hair has started to thin due to over manipulation/tension on the hair? How are you styling your hair?
jrg35791,9qo2tp,Help needed with changing hair&&&I am an African American male who is new to the Sally's Beauty Supply experience. By saying that I mean as far as I've gone with hair products is wave grease and looking back now today I understand that for women taking care of your hair can end up well or not so well and is very serious because of the products you use. I started using carols daughter black vanilla shampoo and pracaxi nectar conditioner also silk elements sweet almond oil and it took very well to my hair but after a while hair started to thin. I was wondering since it took so well what went wrong and is there something I can use to help treat and balance the negative side effects with the good ones &&&It curls up after I shampoo and condition it. Then I use a wave pomade on it 
LadyLAJ,9ql00r,Finding Faux Locs&&&Any idea where I can purchase/ order salt and pepper faux locs? I’ve searched everywhere. My natural hair is more pepper than salt. 
UnsatisfiableStar,9ql00r,"[http://vivicafoxhair.com/catalog/braid/1044-natural-rasta-locs-braid.html](http://vivicafoxhair.com/catalog/braid/1044-natural-rasta-locs-braid.html)

I had a loctitian use this hair to repair my locs due to thinning. Hope this helps."
Bobelle,9qjrqk,"I just finished doing 150 loose twists&&&It took me 12 hours. I feel like a devoted a lot more time and effort than I should have for such a small achievement. Now I'm tired and sad. But I was told it looks great so that's good.&&&3 weeks. I do not, unfortunately. My phone is dead and my charger doesn't work. &&&Thanks.&&&My phone is dead and my charger doesn't work :(. The texture of it is almost exactly like this [this](https://i.ytimg.com/vi/_Gn6jG7bRXE/maxresdefault.jpg) but thickness, length, and style is almost exactly like [this](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/thumb/0/09/Edna_Mode_promotional_image.jpg/220px-Edna_Mode_promotional_image.jpg). It's a lot more flattering than it sounds.&&&Well I have a youtube playlist of hairstyles that I'm going through (that will last at least five years without me repeatiing a style) from natural hair gurus that all have characteristics of my hair and one of them is [Cipriana Quann](http://urbanbushbabes.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/01/Cipriana-1-cropped.jpg) and her go-to hairstyle used to be 150 loose two strand twists. So I just copied her.&&&My phone is dead and my charger doesn't work :("
McShortenstein,9qjrqk,Styling your own hair is no easy feat. Props to you for sticking with it for that whole time. I'd have given up by the halfway point. I find spending no more than an hour on my hair styling it is the most I'm willing to give which unfortunately means my long 4c hair is either in big twists/braids or a bun all week. 
ShortandRatchet,9qjrqk,Goodness that’s a lot!!!! Good job 👏🏽 why dis you do so many?
bbrae_alldayerrday,9qjrqk,How long will you have them in?  Do you have any pics?  It would be nice to get some 4b/4c appreciation on this sub...
iggytheboywonder,9qjrqk,Would loooove to see pics!
unclenipple,9qjrqk,"Feel like sharing pics? I’m trying to picture this but I can’t, I’m sure it looks amazing. How long does it last?"
ColdChildhood8,9qjppy,"My Hair Stays Dirty!&&&So I have 4c hair, and I shaved it back in August. I live in Atlanta, which has only just cooled down, and my hair gets sweaty, and gross. I know that my hair should only be washed once or twice a week, but it gets so dirty. I have bought clarifying shampoos and change from using grease, and using  oils. But the center of my scalp, and near the sides have a lot of dry skin that's oily. My hair feels gross, and greasy all the time! But if I don't condition it, it is ridiculously dry. "
_CoachMcGuirk,9qjppy,If your hair is dirty logic dictates that you should wash it. I'm not sure why you think hair shouldn't be washed more than twice a week if it's dirty?
ateeightate,9qjppy,"You should wash your hair as much as needed regardless of the rules. The rules themselves are general and don't apply to everyone. 

I would second trying a clay mask on your hair. Also, double-cleansing may also be beneficial.

You'd wash with shampoo once focusing on your scalp. Focusing on getting rid of the dead skin, etc. Rinse. And then shampoo gain focusing on general cleaning. You may find that when you cleanse the second time, the shampoo foams up more than it did the first time.

&#x200B;"
himynameismaryjane,9qjppy,"The washing your hair once a week thing is only a guideline for starting off. If you can see that your hair needs to be washed more, then I would do that. You could try using a clay mask on your hair to really clean it, it could be that your wash routine isn’t going deep enough. Aztec bentonite clay with Apple cider vinegar is a great way to really clean your hair. 

But if you try a clay mask and it still needed a washed more than once a week then you have your answer. I would listen to my hair over ‘the rules’ any day. "
lavasca,9qjppy,"There is no absolute rule on how often to wash your hair. I have to do it about 3 times per week even if I’m not swimming.

Maybe you need to do a daily warm rinse. Perhaps lay-off a bit on the clarifying shampoo - not totally. Rotate in a co-wash once a week if you’re clarifying.  Mildly warm the products before use."
lexy-plexy,9qjppy,"Dry skin that's oily sounds like your scalp isn't letting in moisture. When my scalp gets dry/itchy, i do a mixture of coconut oil and tea tree oil on my scalp overnight. 

If u can go without washing the next day that'll help even more. I'll wash it, then do the tea tree oil day 1, rinse out day 2, cowash day 3 or 4, and then maybe shampoo day 5 or 6. Hope that helps"
AlternativeReview8,9qdaid,"Hi! So, I’m currently in the process of going natural and I need major help. I’m around 8 months post relaxer and I’m trying decide if I want to keep transitioning for a little longer, or just do the big chop. I don’t want to cut my hair off all at once, tbh I’m scared of how I’ll look. I also want to heat train my hair, so I kind of want to just cut all my relaxed ends off, get a cute pixie cut, and go from there. If I do the latter, will I mess up my curl pattern in the long run? I know heat training is still damaging, but it’s controlled damaged and I don’t plan on doing it that often. What should I do???"
BoxedBoobs,9qdaid,"For those of you who have stopped using Shea Moisture shampoos and conditioners, what brand have you replaced your products with? I can’t find a decent conditioner 😩"
MisSinterpreter123,9qdaid,"OP, you can find the following brands at most stores (including the Beauty supply store)

Alikay Naturals
Aunt Jackie's
Carol's daughter
Kinky Curly
Camille Rose Naturals
The Mane Choice

Devacurl has nice styling products but I don't recommend that conditioner unless you have type 2 hair because the conditioners tend to be really light and don't give much moisture. Generally type 2s don't need moisture, the hair us trying to repel moisture whereas 3s and 4s need the moisture. "
Robinspeakeasey,9qdaid,"Yeah, Shea Moisture conditioners honestly work better on my hair than anything else. Hollywood Beauty Argan Oil masque and Alter Ego Garlic Masque are what I used before Shea Moisture, and they’re ok but not as good, especially if you stick to lighter sealants. Cantu and OGX are tolerable but not good enough as long term replacements. As I Am products are too light. Aussie is too light. Manu is too light. Garnier is too light. Giovanni is too light. Carol’s Daughter leave in turned my hair into candy floss.

It’s really not worth it to me to boycott them anymore, I’d just rather stick with what my hair likes."
ateeightate,9qdaid,"I am enjoying Mane Choice! I saw them in target and decided to try something. I also went back to As I Am and got their leave-in conditioner. 

&#x200B;"
kimbolslice,9qdaid,"I've gotten good results from DevaCurl and Cantu products. Specifically, I use the DevaCurl One Condition Decadence line (both the shampoo and condish) and finish it off with Cantu's Shea Butter Deep Treatment Masque and Shea Butter Leave-In Conditioning Repair Cream. I'm a 4b/c mix. "
lavasca,9qdaid,"Elasta QP

Mixxed Chicks"
wesmellthecolor9,9qdaid,"Went back to my HBCU Alma mater for homecoming this past weekend. Man, I missed it so much. Mostly the people, but also just the feeling of being on my campus, oh and witnessing all the reunions of classes before mine. Ugh I love my HBCU. "
