index,id,comments
Awakeat5amagain,a4rww9,"Video of your product? 

So the wand warms leave in conditioner?"
BadMouthBarbie,a4rww9,"I would suggest focusing on the on the scalp rather than excluding the scalp. After workouts, the idea is to get your scalp clear of sweat and debris. Even co-washing the length every other day can be harsh if you already have dry hair. &&&I also work out fairly frequently. I usually put my hair in a pineapple or a loose, high pony. Neither of those styles disturb my curl too much and they allow sweat to dry fairly quickly. I just shake it out after class, and my hair is pretty much dry and back to my preferred style in a few minutes. 

I only put my hair in a bun when I’m close to wash day because buns really mess up my curls and require restyling after. 

I co-wash once during the week and wash with shampoo towards the end of the week. There aren’t really any shortcuts unfortunately ... it requires a lot of time and effort. 

I’m actually in the process of designing tools to help women with textured hair manage exercising and daily styling. Check us out and let me know what you think. I’m trying to get as much feedback as possible so that these tools are as effective at cutting down style times. Happy to share additional product concepts and info. Just DM me. 

[www.themostcurls.com](www.themostcurls.com) "
Sharbubbles972,a4rww9,"Working out while Natural&&&I did a search on hair tips for when you work out a lot (example: pineapple, witch hazel/rose water on scalp)

My questions for you guys are:

1) For someone who works out 4-5 times a week, how would you alter your wash/cowash routine? My hair is extremely dry and I am trying to establish a routine. I know I overwash my hair.

2) What styles would you stick to? I typically go with a wash and go or I will wear my hair in a bun. 

(I have been natural for a long time but just now trying to make the effort to really care for my hair and treat it right.)

"
empressM,a4rww9,"I workout about 3-4 times a week:
I also have type 4, low porosity hair 

I usually keep my hair in 2 braids w/middle part- its super quick to do before you go- I usually wash once a week (when I'm not being lazy) with TGIN shampoo- the ONLY shampoo that works for me with clearing my scalp without STRIPPING it and giving me that dry feeling. And then do my normal routine. 
Don't do the raids too tight bc I've noticed my edges are struggling lately 😫"
foxxa121,a4rww9,"I’m a twist out gal. When working out I will put hair is a few large twists. Wrap it up and leave it til it dries. I do a full wash w/deep condition 1x a week. In summer when I’m working out I will cowash on maybe day 3, do about 10-12 flat twists, dry overnight, makes nice full style. That keeps me from looking crazy at work :) I have ver thick, shoulder length type 4 hair with hella shrinkage!!"
justswimfree,a4rww9,I wash my hair probably every 1-2 weeks. I’m real lazy. Honestly I cornrow my hair or flat twist it for most of the week and then maybe on the weekend I’ll take it out because I don’t work out on those days. 
lavasca,a4rww9,"Just co-wash evety other day excluding scalp.

Wash scalp  weekly unless swimming in which case each time you swim, pre-treating scamp with coconut oil.

Wash and Go for the win.

DISCLAIMER:
I get rashes if I don’t wash frequently 
Low porosity hair
S on the LOIS scale 4-ish hair"
nashia25,a4rww9,"Since my hair lives in twists, it dries pretty quickly. But because I am lazy, I sometimes use ORS “dry” shampoo and warm cloth to wash my scalp and still co-wash my hair once a week. I also clarify every Saturday. I exercise 5-6 days a week so i keep the above schedule. "
Cleverlady0406,a4ligx,LOL @ West Virginia 😂
Port64,a4ligx,The StyleSeat app is very helpful :) 
Saturnaliia,a4ligx,"Looking for someone who can cut 3C hair in VA/DC/MD/WV (yes, I'm that desperate)&&&Guys, I need some help. I moved to Northern VA in June 2017 from Toronto and have not yet found someone who knows how to cut 3 or 4 curly hair, which is amazing to me given this area's demographics! I'm guessing it's just because I don't know of anyone else with 3 or 4 natural hair and I've only been using Google to find places. 

Back home, I had a salon dedicated to curly hair. They had 2 locations, each with at least 6 hairstylists who had curly hair ranging from 2 to 4. They had basically every curly product under the sun and used whatever my hair needed, not whatever brand they were being paid to push. They did a dry cut then a wet cut, then dried it, and cut again if necessary. 

I've been to two places so far - somewhere in Lorton (can't remember the name, the stylist was Karen though) and while the cut was okay, it was expensive imo and she only used Devacurl products. While I definitely use some Deva products, I find my hair doesn't like a lot of their styling creams. 
The second place I just went to was Lofty Salon in Vienna... Mona evidently had no idea how to cut 3C hair. It turned out okay again and was cheaper than the first place, but it's not somewhere I'd go again - she admitted she didn't carry or use any products strong enough to hold my hair. 

I don't mind paying for a good cut, I just have to find somewhere that will do one!! I will drive pretty much anywhere in the DMV or down to Richmond for someone who knows what they're doing and uses a good variety of brands... It doesn't have to be fancy either. Does anyone have any recommendations of salons or ways that I could find one down here? Thank you in advance!

TL;DR - tired of salons/stylists that don't know how to cut 3 or 4 type hair, will travel and pay well for someone who knows what they're doing! &&&I know, I said I was desperate 😭&&&Thank you! Do you know if Devacurl salons/Devacut specific places only use Devacurl, or a mix of brands? I like their conditioners/shampoos but their styling products dry out my hair. 
&&&Thank you! My only concern is the one Devacut I got, the stylist only used Devacurl products (which I understand). Do you know if that's typical of a Devacut or do some use other brands? &&&I love it!! Thank you. She's only an hour and ten minutes from me so not too far at all! I'll shoot you a message :)&&&Thank you!! I will check it out :)&&&Thank you! I really don't mind paying - I'd drop hundreds every 4 months at the last place just to keep my hair maintained. 
I like going to places with other products so I can see how my hair likes them and then buy them if they work out better than what I'm currently using! I find I have to rewash if the stylist uses any of Devacurl's shapers or styling creams... I've tried nearly all of them at this point and they all dry out my hair or don't keep the frizz down. :(&&&I don't understand it! We have so many people with curly hair. &&&Thank you! She's familiar with 3/4 type hair? &&&Thank you!! &&&Thank you! "
Tarfa212,a4ligx,Lauren Best at Thinking Over Hair works at the Salons by JC in Sterling. She cut hair at Fiddleheads yeaaaars ago and she's so good I've followed her to 3 salons. She'll tell you what works for your hair and doesn't use only Deva curl products.
TheYellowRose,a4ligx,https://www.devacurl.com/finder/search?utf8=%E2%9C%93&location_search%5Bterm%5D=salons&location_search%5Baddress%5D=22030&location_search%5Bradius%5D=25&location_search%5Bnearby%5D=0&location_search%5Blatitude%5D=&location_search%5Blongitude%5D=
bbcreampapapa,a4ligx,Do you have type 4 hair? 
clare_bear88,a4ligx,Lilly at Salon Revive in DC (accessible via yellow and green lines if you metro) saved my hair. I damaged my hair horribly in college & then got it all cut off two years ago. She's very focused on hair care and she's a miracle worker with curls. Salon Revive is pricey but worth it
kimbolslice,a4ligx,"there are a handful of Devacurl salons in the DMV. check their website for specifics.

you'll also be taken care of at Salon Revive."
lareinadeinglaterra,a4ligx,"Hi! This might be a trek for you, but I used to live in Baltimore then NoVa. [Dr. A at Twists, Locks, Love Salon](https://naturally-nadine.com/twists-locks-love/) Was a godsend. Not only is she reasonably priced, but she will create a plan with you to get your hair healthy. Feel free to PM me for more info. 

For reference, I have 4c/z hair. "
panicswitching,a4ligx,"Rachel at Bang Salon on U Street. I have a different texture but she is fantastic at cutting curly hair, she’s the only person I go to."
pygmy_puf_86,a4ligx,"Hooray I live right by there! 

Does she cut hair in its curly state or does she straighten it first? What texture is your hair? "
regularting,a4ligx,"I really like fiddleheads, but is pricey if you go to the more experienced stylists. I only go twice a year though, so I think it’s worth it....

They also use deva products though. I don’t like using deva myself, but don’t mind it when I get my hair cut - especially since Vicky at the salon is the only person I trust to cut my hair in the DMV. "
rossablue,a4ligx,There are a number of salons in the area that specialize in curly hair. I go to Oasis Salon in Rockville. Go to the devacurl website and look for a salon that specializes in the devacut in your area.
skidkneee,a4ligx,I've been going to Beauty Naturals Supply & Salon in Kentlands/Gaithersburg for years. 
yourbestbudz,a4ligx,I live in DC and have the same problem. 
SugarPie89,a4dsl5,"I also never got my hair trimmed but I also would like to get it cut and shaped. The hair on the top of my hair grows really fast and reaches the back of my head already and I would like to have it more ""layered"" I guess. Do you think I could actually do this by myself? "
bennodabear,a4dsl5,Do it at home. Look up tutorials and read articles (WRITTEN FOR BLACK PEOPLE). Since I've been natural I've been pretty self sufficient. You should too. 
carmieeee,a4dsl5,I literally just twisted my hair last week and clipped the ends. My hair is fine. Just do as they’ve stated above. 
foxxa121,a4dsl5,"Cut it your self, use hair shears. The inexpensive ones from beauty supply work fine. Do it on stretched, blown out hair. You just need to do enough to clean up any damage in your ends. Don’t worry too much about shape, especially if you protective style or wear your hair curly.  "
n_kaye,a4dsl5,I separate my hair into 12-16 parts and twist them. Then with hair shears I trim whatever isn’t super juicy like the rest of the twist. I’ve definitely noticed easier detangling and less breakage from doing this every 6-8 weeks 
sqoorelfreend,a4dsl5,"I haven't been able to get a trim in years and wont be able to afford one until next spring&&&The last time and only I got my hair trimmed professionally was in 2015 so it obviously needs. My mom a wanted me to get my hair trimmed because she thinks you only need it when you use heat (I never use heat). She also thinks that because my ends still curl they can't be damaged (it's really frustrating, I've been asking to get a trim for years). I'm 18 now but I can't but a job until next spring because I'm really busy with school this semester. I've tried trimming it on my own but i do it badly obviously because I'm not a professional.

I'm scared my hair is so far gone that I have to cut have of it off because the split ends might have traveled really far up. Which is discouraging because my hair is super short already"
AdamantiumFoil,a3z1t2,Definitely shampoo after you take the braids out. Lots of goop sticks to the base of the braids that you can't really see when they're installed. It doesn't get washed away easily even if you shampoo well while it's braided.
Robinspeakeasey,a3z1t2,"I have ridiculous buildup after that much time in a protective style...it's not necessary to be generous with the shampoo, but I would definitely use it on my actual hair and not just the scalp."
SugarPie89,a3z1t2,"Do I need to wash my actual hair?&&&I think most of us have already heard that shampoo is meant for your scalp but I was wondering if you should be also washing your hair too. I have box braids in right now, had them in for 2 months and I want to take them out soon. I washed my hair last week but really only focused on my scalp and didn't shampoo the braids. I want to wash my hair in braids again because it will be way easier. Then I would take the braids out afterwards and deep condition. But should I  shampoo my hair too since it's been two months? &&&Why do you suggest deep conditioning first?"
foxxa121,a3z1t2,"Wash it all, coily hair tends to trap dirt and I’m sure you will have some product build up. A good deep condition with heat after will restore moisture."
sqwzmahmeatybts,a3z1t2,"If I were in your position, I would deep condition first, then take the braids out and shampoo my hair and scalp. 


I wouldn't recommend deep conditioning the length of the braids, just up until the point of your natural hair. 

But yea, if you end up taking them down, then deep conditioning, shampooing you hair won't hurt, especially after 2 months."
Jazzers88,a3w422,BOGO Hair Sale!!!!&&&Sooo I just wanted to let all my people here know you have until the 8th to hop on this sale!! It’s at Sally Beauty. They have a long list of products you can buy and will get another one free. Free shipping after $25. Hop to it!!! 
lakija,a3w422,Good to know! Thanks?
AdamantiumFoil,a3oxcx,Just try it. What do you have to lose?
PinkPurse12,a3oxcx,If you put oil in my hair before and after applying the gel will that prevent flakes?&&&I really love the creme of nature snot its the only gel that actually gives me hold so my braid out can last 5 days straight. But I did get some flakes. I used another gel called gorilla snot and when I used a lot of oil I didnt get flakes and was wondering if same thing would happen with creme of nature. Anybody try it for twist outs/braidouts?&&&Ok I will. I just bought an oil called african royale hot 6 the first ingredient olive oil.
Port64,a3oxcx,If you try please provide an update! Maybe you could try grape seed oil. It’s a light weight oil. Or argan oil. Lightweight and has great properties for hair. 
BooBootheFool22222,a3hm34,"I've been having problems with this too. my hair is high porosity and the ends are bleached and dyed. i've been using cantu's color protect/anti fade oil (in the little bottle) for my perm rod curls because it is light and heavy product seems to weigh my hair down. but of course, because it's oil; it leeches color. but then again, the color is going to be slipping off anyway because of the condition of the hair and just from styling it seems. 

i use redken's color extend shampoo and conditioner; pricey but it made such a difference in the way my hair felt (i was not expecting that). before that i used aphogee's shampoo for damaged hair; it's amazing too. the balancing moisturizer is great as well.

for daily styling i have this shea moisture anti- frizz conditioner i use as a leave in. and the sacha inchi oil condition."
ChocolateGlamazon27,a3hm34,Creme of Nature Argan Buttermilk is the Holy Grail for 4C hair. 
_totallysafeforwork,a3hm34,"For moisture, I've found that Shea Moisture JBCO leave in works miracles when I apply it on damp hair every other day and seal with shea butter or castor oil. I really like the conditioning mask from this line as well.

For shampoo, I liked Renpure Argan Oil wash. Its free of chloride, salt, dyes sulfates, parabens, and gluten so there's nothing to strip the color from your hair. Theres also Shea Moisture Zanzibar Color Protect Shampoo 

"
foxxa121,a3hm34,"DITTO.. Shea Moisture JBCO line is the best, I color 2-3 times a year, and keep my ends trimmed. "
jalisew,a3hm34,I have type 4 hair low porosity and I dyed it red (yes it’s bleached) I just want to know what products or oils etc that would help moisturize and keep the color&&&&&&Thank you I need to go and look at this stuff Bc I need to wash my hair but I don’t have nothing to do to it 
HulaHoop444,a3fy9k,I have persistent dandruff&&&
AdamantiumFoil,a3dgap,"I didn't start seeing them decrease until I started wearing my hair stretched 100% of the time. Either in twists, or twist-outs. No more wash and go's for me! Not worth it.

Maybe that's contributing to your issue?"
BooBootheFool22222,a3dgap,this is what i found out as well. even when i just take the twists down for a little quick style or for a bang it magically starts to tangle again.
Dead2MyFamily,a3dgap,Get a trim and keep your ends super moisturized and tucked away most of the time. 
Suomwe,a3dgap,"A few ideas: 

Use a wide toothed combed to detangle hair, or even fingers. 

Detangle hair when wet and saturated with conditioner so that the hair strands easily slide over each other. 

Sleep with a silk scarf or satin bonnet to stop the friction when sleeping to allow the hair to knot up."
babykcm,a3dgap,Something that helped was making sure my hair is moisturized 🙂 so figure out a routine that * works for your hair *  & that will keep you hair moisturized . 
blilola,a3dgap,"I had a similar problem with my hair. Sometimes it depends on what products you’re using. I normally use shea butter, but I ran out and got too lazy to replace it. So I started using coconut oil as a sealer. My hair was breaking and my ends were a mess, try finding products that work best for you! "
sayoco231,a3dgap,Help with fairy knots and split ends. I trimmed them only two weeks ago but I've found more and I don't know what to do.&&&Trimming the back is so difficult especially and I don't know how to get rid of them.&&&Probably. I don't stretch it as much as I should. Thanks for the suggestion.
BooBootheFool22222,a3c670,"castor oil, olive oil or grape seed oil when i need it to move/be bouncy. coconut oil never worked for me. all my friends swear by it tho."
NonpsychoactiveMew,a3c670,"I can’t use coconut, grapeseed, and olive oil in my hair, they don’t get absorbed at all and makes it extremely dry/tangled.
What has worked for me is jojoba and rose hip oil 
I apply it while my hair is moist and when it dries it’s really soft and Frizz free
"
curlgarden,a3c670,"coconut oil is a NO for my hair and skin as well. i use sweet almond, jbco, jojoba, grape seed, neem, safflower and different essential oils. "
justswimfree,a3c670,"Jojoba, tea tree, avocado and almond are stuff I like. I’ll usually buy a blend of oils to use in my hair."
ladyAnder,a3c670,"Sunflower seed and grapeseed oils are my go to, especially sunflower seed oil. Sweet almond oil seems to work best for me in the summer. And castor oil is honestly mostly for my scalp. 

I have also reassigned coconut oil to skin only. "
latisha05,a3c670,My hair hates coconut oil but loves argan oil. 
luckyseaturtle,a3c670,"I've fallen in love with olive oil and jojoba. A little goes a long way with them. I also add a couple drops of castor oil, since it's so thick and a little harder to spread. "
mcatrin,a3c670,"I love almond oil (mielle organics has a mint almond oil that I'm in love with) and Jamaican black castor oil. Olive oil and Aragan oil are also some favs as well. 

Coconut oil doesn't agree with my hair at all either. Literally the worst lol

&#x200B;"
rnountdiablo,a3c670,"Avocado, jbco, and olive oil. My hair feels GREAT afterwards "
vxtxv,a3c670,"What oils work best in your hair?&&&I know coconut oil has been almost everyone’s go to, but it does NOT agree with my hair. It tends to make my hair feel dry and brittle, and I find it sheds/breaks a little more than usual if I continue using it for a while. 

Non-coconut-oils-users, what are some other oils you’ve had success with. 

(Side bar: Works great on my skin🥥)

[edit] Thanks for all the suggestions! Follow up question—do you any of you add essential oils for scent? If so, which ones?"
SugarPie89,a387wm,"What you could do is put your hair in 4 braids (plats i think? not cornrows) and then bobby pin them down. I saw this in a video a few weeks ago because I can't even cornrow braid my own hair but I'd like to purchase  wig one day. I can't find the video though. :( Sorry I looked long and hard. But what they did was braid 2 plats in the front and pinned them in the back and braided 2 in the back and pinned them up in the front . You could also try flat twisting and pinning the ""tails"". "
TuffTitti,a387wm,you could put your hair in 8 -10 twists & rubberband them together I wish I could show you a video....
_CoachMcGuirk,a387wm,maybe you can wrap it?
darkbluebirdo,a387wm,"I usually flat twist my hair since I can't make decent braids. My flat twist are pretty meh as well, but 6-10 total should help flatten the hair down so a wig wouldn't be huge. Doing a blowout before twisting would also likely help with bulk"
megalodonatron,a387wm,"Tips for wearing wigs with super thick, long hair? (w/out braiding...)&&&Hey natural friends, I was wondering if anyone has any tips or tricks for being able to wear wigs when you already have a ton of hair? I just would rather get fun colors and looser styles without the damage to my natural hair.

I have 3b/3c hair that is mid-back length when stretched. Caveat -- I'm tenderheaded and can't stand braided styles, so getting cornrows is a no-go for me. 

Are there any other ways to tame my mane so I can try some fun styles?"
sangriarita,a387wm,I’m about to be in the same boat. I’m over crochet braids. Reading to have fun with wigs! 
BadMouthBarbie,a34oik,"I have 3c and had a diva cuts at fiddleheads salons in DC. They’ve been disappointing each time. I do really well trimming my own hair but I keep thinking that maybe there’s something I’m missing out on by not going to a professional. I’ve been wrong every time. For me, trimming my own hair work just fine and I’m resolving to never ever ever pay to get it cut again. "
TheYellowRose,a34oik,here's my post about mine https://www.reddit.com/r/Naturalhair/comments/8vk8r0/got_my_first_devacut_and_treatment_heres_what_i/
adaloela,a34oik,"Yes! It's similar to a previous cut I got about a year ago, you can find it in my post history.


Eta: I should say it's not a licensed 'deva' cut since I live in a country where there are none. It was cut dry using the devacurl one by one curl cutting method though. I was very pleased and amazed by the results."
emceethighlyf,a34oik,I was totally underwhelmed by my devacut. Decent but not worth the price tag at all. 
infamouslyflawed,a34oik,"I had a DevaCut a few weeks ago performed by a level 3 stylist. 3c/4a. I moved far away from home recently so the level 3 stylist seemed like the next  best thing to getting a recommendation from a trusted friend. I browsed the reviews on a few and chose the best I could. Then I left my stylist complete creative control and closed my eyes.
My hair has never felt healthier or more easy to ma we 1nage; I want to wear it out ALL OF THE TIME. Definition is 100% improved"
regularting,a34oik,"Totally worth it for my 3c/4a hair, but mine is a bit cheaper than that ($150 including tip). I only get cut twice a year though, 3 times max. My stylist also does free bang trims any time so that helps extend the style in between cuts. "
rossablue,a34oik,I have 4b hair and got a deva cut. It was definitely worth it. 
shelswirly,a34oik,Has anyone here with 3b/3c hair had a deva cut?&&&I’m considering getting one but they are SO expensive in my current city. The hair on the front half of my head is very loose - mostly S curls - while at the back it’s very tightly curled and super defined. I think I need a special cut of some kind but I don’t want to pay $200 to be disappointed! Anyone with experiences they want to share? &&&Ah thank you!!&&&I’ve never tried trimming my hair and I’m kind of afraid I would really screw it up... is your hair all more or less one texture? Mine is DRAMATICALLY different which is the only reason I’m willing to try this. $200 for a hair cut seems obscene to me but I really need some guidance. 
Emanstuntin,a32mpp,"Going from dreads to braids possible?&&&Ive had hightop dreads since late August 2017 and they are about down to my cheek bone and most at the back droop cover my entire fade now. Im thinking about taking out my locks and getting braids similar to A$AP Rocky. Is that possible? Im at college so I haven't gotten them retwisted by my loctician since August before I left for school. I do palm roll them after I wash my hair occasionally, but I haven't in a while so the base of my locks are puffy almost to a point where I feel like, if I wanted to unwind it, I could. Any suggestions? Thanks."
cali5795,a32mpp,"I combed out 7yrs old mid back locs. Yes it is possible, very time consuming but possible. You'll need a sturdy pointy object i switched between a seam ripper, and a pimple popper but a rat tail comb end would probably work too. Mix up a conditioner with good slip and warm water and saturate the loc and pick it out out slowly from end up to the root. This process took me 7days, with your length i would assume it would take you a few hours depending on how many locs you have."
shida206,a32mpp,"You can take them down... you are going to need a lot of patience, lots of conditioner with sillicones like that stuff from Aussie Moist... wet and saturate the LOC and unravel it with a rat tail comb... will take lots of patience... watch YouTube videos to show you how... may take a long time!"
-sunshine17,a30aah,"Not biracial, but I have a similar hair type. I used to want tighter hair too, but I think it’s better to learn to love your own texture. I will say that one thing that made it harder for me to like my texture was how damaged it was. Sometimes it’s harder to notice how much damage affects looser curls because it can seem like that’s just the texture, but that’s not right. After I cut my hair, I actually realized that I had curls in certain areas of my head. 

I wouldn’t recommend a perm because in my opinion, it will most likely do more harm than good. I would recommend getting a hair cut/trim and basically think of it as starting from scratch. Experiment with different products without doing perm rods also (because some can make the texture come out more). I usually use gel, but mousse can help too. "
NolaDutches,a30aah,Try a lightweight curling pudding. 
TuffTitti,a30aah,um sis you could just do braid outs & twist outs & it will be curlier
lavasca,a30aah,"Perming should be close to a last resort.

There are wigs and weaves and curl rods.

Embrace variety as you embrace your hair texture.

Why perm it and risk hating te result when you can try wigs first?"
niggasuckmyashyknees,a30aah,"Help&&&I’m biracial and my hair texture isn’t as curly as you think a biracial person would have my hair is kinda like 2b/2c and I want it to be curlier I’ve been thinking  about getting that curly perm thing, I think it would be easier to get it instead of doing perm rod sets every week. Should I get a curly perm ?"
smallxcat,a30aah,It might be the products you’re using as well. You sound like you’d benefit from trying the CG method. Take a look at r/curlyhair
trieditgum,a30aah,"Learn to love your natural texture. I’m not gonna give you pointers on how you can change your hair to fit what you perceive biracial hair should be. Your hair type is beautiful... please work on that. I mean it with love, sis.

Edit: I can understand if you want more curl definition on a looser/flatter head of hair. But the “biracial” part threw me off. There are a ton of biracial people with coarse type 4 hair, it’s not always bouncy spiral curls. I didn’t quite get your motive for wanting curly hair. "
BooBootheFool22222,a2x3hi,"i have high porosity hair and i just learned what anti-frizz products can do for my hair.

i thought that in the winter time humectants like glycerin would cause moisture from within the hair to diffuse out into the dry air and actually zap moisture from the hair. 

[http://www.curlynikki.com/2012/12/humectants-weather-and-hair-care-part-1.html](http://www.curlynikki.com/2012/12/humectants-weather-and-hair-care-part-1.html)

it's all complicated and science-y but the part about cold dry air is what i'm talking about."
TheMemoryofFruit,a2x3hi,"After using for a while, looks nice on wash day then gets greasy by day 2, pillow cases, windows and walls suffer day 3, day 5 smells bad, day 6 realise hair is really really dry, day 7 start again. 
Hair gets drier and drier each wash day. 

In my experience it's much better to use moisturing thick gels like linseed gel, okra gel, hair custards.  DIY versions work best for me. "
TuffTitti,a2x3hi,"I love it! if you use glycerin gel activator its fine, but pure glycerin must be diluted or it will strip ALL the moisture out of your hair. Add 1 tablespoon of glycerin to 4 ounces of distilled water, aloe vera juice, or conditioner for a moisturizing leave-in"
curlgarden,a2x3hi,"glycerin and honey have both worked for me especially when diluted or mixed with other products. However, I stop using during colder months because it draws moisture to your hair and I don’t want dry/cold air being drawn to my hair. "
lakija,a2x3hi,I’d love to know too. 
lashawn3001,a2x3hi,I’ve just begun using glycerin on my 3c/4a High porosity curls. My hair LOOKS good but I’ve heard glycerin can be drying/damaging to hair. Anyone else using glycerin on similar hair types? What’s been your experience with it.&&&&&&Thanks. I diluted with water and added liquid coconut oil. It feels moisturized but it’s only been a day since I added to my routine. &&&Okra gel!?! Do tell how you make that?
shida206,a2x3hi,It doesn't bother me... but I am still transitioning...
