index,id,comments
Izzy248,8rsc71,"Any advice on further taking care of my hair? Kind of new to this&&&So for context:

  
So as a kid I didnt particularly care about my hair, and only recently started caring now that Im an adult and taking more care of myself now. I had let my hair grow out but didnt like the way my hair was growing at the time, lots of damaged ends, and whatnot that prevent it from actually growing and being very brittle so there were spots where it was uneven because I wasnt actually taking care of it. I was just letting it grow. So 4 months ago I shaved it all off and restarted growing my hair after doing some research on what kind of hair I have and the proper methods I should probably use while taking care of it. My hair is a LOT heathlier now and it definitely shows to how it used to look before whenever I would pick it out. But Im wondering what I could do to further take improve it, if what Im doing is the best, and what else I can do to help. I realize all hair is technically different and what works for some wont necessarily work for other but Id appreciate any help/suggestions/advice.

Here Ill list a couple of things about me and my hair to better help understand:

* I have Hair Type 4C
* Low Porosity?
   * I recently just tested it and my hair stuck to the top which I assume means my hair doesnt retain moisture well...
* Im a guy
   * I keep hearing that male hair doesnt grow as well as female hair does, so I feel maybe this is something I should put in? Maybe this could also be affecting my results? Im not sure...I dont think it matters but this is all news to me
* Products Ive been using
   * Bragg Organic Raw Unfiltered Apple Cider Vinegar w/ the ""Mother""
   * Shea Moisture Jamaican Black Castor Oil Strengthen & Restore Leave-In Conditioner
   * Some Suave Coconut Shampoo
      * From what I understand the first 2 products dont actually clean the hair, so Ive been using this to actually clean my hair...no idea if its helping or not...
* How frequently I use the products
   * From what Ive been told before and understand Im not supposed to use the Vinegar and Conditioner too frequently so Ive only been using them about once every 3 weeks. Is this too little or too much?&&&Well I just unbraided my hair so there are strands that are bumpy, but for the most part Id have to say smooth? And being 4C and taking the Low Porosity test I think Ive already established my hair is low, but I did the spray thing and yes I did have some beads in my hair but I have a compact afro at the moment so Im not sure that little bit of water would have been able to push its way through effectively regardless. But yeah Im pretty sure Im low. And thats strang because I though some of those ingredients you listed were supposed to help my hair retain moisture...if those are what Im supposed to be avoiding then what can I use to help."
draggonflies,8rsc71,"I do not recommend apple cider vinegar on your head at all, honestly. The PH level in vinegar is much lower than your skin, and can lead to future issues.

Feel a strand of hair on your head from the end up. Is it smooth or bumpy? Smooth means low porosity, and the bumpier the higher. Does it take a bit for your hair to get wet in the shower? If you spray it with water, does the water just run off your head in huge beads? If yes, you are low porosity.
If you are truly low porosity, I don't recommend coconut oil or castor oil, as low po hates it. The hair feels moisturized and soft for a bit, but then it's really dry and brittle. I had to learn the hard way for all of these products, so I wanna help you out if this is the case.

Also, avoiding products with Shea, aloe vera and coconut oil (or any variety such as ""Cocos Nucifera"") in the first few ingredients has helped my low porosity hair finally look nice on its own."
-yyyy-,8rfv3m,"Tips on finding fun color hair dyes&&&I’m about 4B/4C. I want to dye my hair, but the majority of products I find on those “Top 10 dyes for Afro hair” lists are all really boring - 3 different shades of red, 10 shades of blondes, and jet black. I want green, some burgundy, vibrant blue especially. 

I’m not too interested in bleaching my hair due to all the damage it can cause, so I understand that this limits my choices l have. I found two brands called Arctic Fox and Manic Panic that have had some decent reviews for brunettes, but I have no clue if they’re good for my texture. 

Also, is dying you hair blonde then throwing another color (like a light pink or a lavender) any good? Thanks&&&> Just noticed the blonde part. im not sure if you meant to use the word ""dyed,"" but you can't reach any level of blonde with dye if you arent already light. dyes are meant to deposit color. you will get a bit of patchy, orangey lift if you use a blonde dye with developer.

I meant dyed, since I’ve seen the Textures and Tones boxes with blonde hair - at first I assumed going from deep brown to black was too good to be true, and it probably is. Oh well.

Could you PM me this color chart? Thanks!&&&Cool!&&&Thanks so much! I’d definitely like to hear back."
angstfae,8rfv3m,"I bought Turquoise and Alpine Green from Punky Colour in the intention of mixing them together to get a teal. I’m not bleaching my hair (4A) because I want a highlight effect, but I’m curious how vibrant it’s going to turn out. I’m having a friend help me with it later today so I’ll report back with the results. "
curlycatsockthing,8rfv3m,"if you are looking for anything bright, bleach has to accompany it unless you are pre-lightened. manic panic and arctic fox are direct dyes, meaning they work for everyone's textures because it is simply painting on a stain. the texture here isnt the issue, but the level of your current hair color is. &&&just noticed the blonde part. im not sure if you meant to use the word ""dyed,"" but you can't reach any level of blonde with dye if you arent already light. dyes are meant to deposit color. you will get a bit of patchy, orangey lift if you use a blonde dye with developer. 

as far as pink and lavender go, it depends on the exact color you want. pastel? you will need much lighter hair. i'll find a color level chart and edit this to tell you what level is probably the darkest you can be. 

edit: i would say level 8 is good, level 7 is pushing it for pastels. a brighter color will definitely cover this much better. you can get some pretty cool color strength from level 5 and 6, personally. "
tajahmahal,8rfv3m,"There’s an Instagram account, crownpaintcolors, I believe, that’s all about a line of temporary hair color. It’s similar to a paste, and you just rub it on your hair. It’s more likely to be vibrant on darker hair than other semi/permanent rinse dyes. I think there are about 30 different colors. 

Edit: Found it! https://www.instagram.com/crownpaint_colors "
WannabeBadGalRiri,8r9g4a,"Yes Youtube taught me all about the natural hair movement when I was in college and how I could grow/maintain my 4c hair. My mom used to relax --> braid --> relax and I NEVER knew my natural hair texture and how it looked/felt. My hair was thin, damaged, and never grew (always stayed neck length). Once in college and being with more black ladies, they taught me about the ""big chop"" and Youtube was a treasure of videos. I started out watching Naptural85 and expanded to WestAfricanBaby (my favorite 4c hair youtuber), Chizi Duru (also top favorite), NaturalMe4c, Living With Osa, etc. 

I also like watching Youtubers and how they protective style (Jessica Pettway, Ari and Ela <-- They know how to crochet like no other)"
Wowscrait,8r9g4a,Channel suggestions? I am now right where you started out :c
confusedperson910,8r9g4a,"I love YouTube&&&I was watching a hair video and thinking how 2 years ago I had no idea what to do with my hair at all and now I do thanks to YouTube it's great. 
I grew up mostly around my girls who had straight or just wavy hair and I never learned how to work with my kinky hair.
Now I feel like I have an assortment of aunties and friends I can go to and they'll teach me how to do box braids properly or lay my edges to the gods.
And Reddit helps a lot too it's amazing. The internet really is a cool place sometimes. 
It's real nice :)&&&Natural85, leanna  (she's more fashion but her hair vids have helped me tbh), Daye la soul, and luhhsetty  are some of my favs"
whaddupgee,8r9g4a,"Yesss. Youtube + The Science of Black Hair Book really changed everything for me. Before I never thought twice about monthly relaxers, daily flat ironing, and nightly hair wrapping. *shudders*"
hibari27,8r6nvq,What hair texture does it look to you guys?&&&https://imgur.com/a/CNf7icT&&&Thank you :) as in 4a or 4b?&&&Will do!
jayemerald16,8r6nvq,A beautiful one. But maybe a/b? 
BoxedBoobs,8qtp8p,"I have thin hair and unfortunately have the same problem. My twist outs and ponytails look terrible until I fluff them to the gods. My hair is always better looking on day 2 or 3 or a twist out. I don’t have any good product tricks for you, but there are natural hair folks on YouTube with thin hair who post tips and tricks for this very issue. "
Sj8981,8qtp8p,I heard tea rinses help with shedding as to help retain hair density and volume.
storyforthegods,8qtp8p,"Volume for my 4c...&&&Hi everyone, 

I'm looking for advice on volume. I currently DC and shampoo once a week, and use a hot oil treatment 2x/month, with two big braids as usual protective style. My hair seems to be growing in length, but my volume seems worrisome-ly low, and my fros aren't the poofiest :'(. Do you have products (or practices) in your regimen that are specifically to boost volume? Thank you!&&&Thank you. If I find some reliable YouTube links I'll add them to my original post.&&&Thank you! I'll give it a try."
