index,id,comments
SpectralRaiden,8as33f,Male here. You'd honestly be better off doing the comb coil method. I just found out about it recently and plan on doing them myself when I get the chance.
eslunes,8as33f,"Yes. Idk why people are saying that comb coils are better. Whether it's twists, comb coils, braids or whatever else your hair will lock. I personally think that comb coils take longer to lock then twists or braids. With the coils, it's hollow in the center where braids or twists the hair is already compact. But keep in mind that the twist pattern or the braid pattern will still be visible for a while until fully locked. With coils they have the loc shape from the start, if that's what you're looking for."
the_black_sculpture,8as33f,"(Male) starting dreads with 2 strand twist method HELP!&&&OK I'm doing all the research I can do about dreads. All the pros, cons, etc. I have a question about the 2 strand twist method. I have a high top and occasionally I do put my hair in 2 strand twist.

My question is, since I twist them and unravel them the next day, to do the dread method do I just leave them twisted instead of unraveling them? "
HowYouDoinz,8ar8v1,"Definately. Some stylists will trim too much( not always malicious intent some are just heavy handed, I'm 4c and some will use too much heat, some braiders are super tight which can cause alopecia. It's hard out here"
Stb32601,8ar8v1,"I have yet to find a stylist that was 100% a person that I trusted. I got over it and learned to to everything myself and instead of a pressing comb, bone straight hairstyles will be a wig. I’ve also been natural for 5 years and I feel like I’ve gotten a lot less precious with my hair so I may start letting stylist do it again or cut it all off. It’s big and it takes forever and I’m not my hair."
angiewhodat,8ar8v1,I haven’t gone to a stylist since I’ve been natural. I even trim my own hair. I don’t trust ANYONE. 
blu_skyes,8ar8v1,"I have a similar story. I got my hair braided last weekend by a stylist and they pulled the hair so hard that over a weak later, my head and scalp are still tender. This is after I insisted she not pull too hard and leave my edges alone... I have also been to stylists who insist that you go with what they like, with some even forcefully suggesting I get a relaxer or texturizer. It's hard to find one that will work for you, especially depending on where you live. "
jamlesstoast,8ar8v1,"Who else have a hard time trusting stylists(now that you do your hair on your own)?&&&This post isn’t made to knock any stylists. I’ve seen stylists do amazing jobs on their clients, but the ones I had more recently?...my goodness.

I was watching some “natural hair horror stories” on YouTube and can relate.

Getting my hair braided, I’ve had the braider tell me: “Your hair is too thick!!” And would roughly attack my hair when blow drying it(WHEN I ALREADY BLOW DRIED IT AT HOME *FOR HOURS*) I have coarse, thick hair, I get it. But I’m paying you to style my hair? 

I would freak out when they keep running the blow dryer through my locks of hair, and once finished grip my hair so tight to braid(or cornrow). I would say say, “Not too tight!” And “leave my edges out.”(I spoke up as I got older) they would say: “it won’t look right unless I braid that part.” ???

And then flat ironing my hair is a different store in it’s self,  but this part was on me. I knew the possibility of heat damage going in, watching the horror stories on YouTube, but I thought I would be exempt! Got a blow out, felt cute and whatever until I decided I wanted to wash my hair. The heat damage was real. Had to cut it out last year,  but I’m heat damage free now!

Through practice, I’m learning to deal with my own hair better. I can crochet braid best and do other protective styles. I just need to learn how to cornrow properly and I will be set. I also want to learn box braids and twists, so I guess that’s what YouTube is for! YouTube has helped me so much in that aspect. Also, it’s cheaper to do it myself! 

**TL;DR:** I’ve learned how to protect style myself because I don’t want to take too many chances wrecking my hair again. However, it would be great if I can find a good stylist who knows how to work with my hair and is affordable. "
keto_name0529,8ar8v1,"I'm in the process of learning how to cornrow so that I can do crochets and other braided styles. The only service I get professionally done is color, b/c I'm not that brave. But braids? I think I've just reached an age where I don't feel like paying someone to do something to my hair that I'm capable of doing, especially if I can't be sure they will show regard for my edges. Over time I've gotten comfortable with flat twisting, and YT is a great resource for styling tutorials. I attempted Fulani-inspired braids and cornrows (only in the front; the back is in a puff) and though the smaller cornrows are a bit fuzzy (insufficient gel), overall I'm pleased. Improvement only comes with practice and repetition."
tabby_whiskers,8ar8v1,Definitely... I only trust stylists who specialize in natural hair.
veeayo,8ar8v1,YES I went to the Youtube Beauty School (YBS) and it has changed the relationship i have with my hair and I am so thankful. I know how to understand what my hair needs and protective style on my own. I think I will eventually go to a natural hair salon to maybe shape my fro but for now I'm saving my coins and my sanity by doing my own hair.
Abigail_A,8ajjw9,"I’d say braids as well.

But if you insist on crotchet, then you could get crotchet braids as an alternative."
SheHartLiss,8ajjw9,Im always a fan of box braids or Senegalese twists for vacation.  The shorter the easier to maintain.  Kinky twists were nice as welll
Sprckt,8ajjw9,"Agreed! I did crochet braid curls for my honeymoon to Sri Lanka last year. We swam a lot and they got so tangled. I spent far too much time each night detangling and braiding for my liking. I suggest braids as well, but be prepared for some staring. We and our hair stand out especially in many parts of Asia (source- I live in Korea right now and people are enthralled by my hair whether in braids, locs or a fro). Have fun! &&&I recommend crochet goddess braids too! I had them installed when I was 38 weeks pregnant and they were so convenient for during labor (Hair looked great in all pics lol) and post baby. No real maintenance and they always looked great! Eat all the food on your travels! So jealous! "
__Shadynasty_,8ajjw9,It's hard to keep the curls from tangling. Braids will be better
drazi26,8ajjw9,"I’m going on vacation and will be snorkeling. I was just texting my stylist this morning about this very topic. She  told me bulk crochet hair will tangle. I’m getting crochet goddess braids instead.

Check out lia lavon on youtube. She talks about swim-safe hair. This is why I even considered crochet hair.

Goddess braids tutorial - check out kiara Kay brown (how to goddess braids). This is what I’m going to get.

Enjoy Taiwan!  "
jamlesstoast,8ajjw9,"Omg That sounds like an amazing trip! I hope you have an amazing time! As for style, I  agree with braids! The braids won’t tangle up and would last longer from my experience! You won’t have to worry about your hair as much(even though both styles require minimum work to maintain)"
nyxarie,8ajjw9,"Vacation Hair: Crochet Curls or Braids?&&&Hey guys, I’m going on vacation this summer to Asia for 5 and a half weeks! I’ll be going to Taiwan, Japan, and Shanghai. I am not very familiar with crochet braids or braids and I wanted to know if they would last nicely for my entire trip? For crotchet curls, I know that a lot of people install crochet curls themselves, I was considering getting them done, but I’m wondering if it’s worth learning to do them myself and attempting to touch them up while on my trip. I know that smaller braids typically last longer but I’m concerned about the weight if they get wet.

I’m also planning on going snorkeling in Taiwan and am concerned about the water with either hairstyles.  I have curly 3C hair that is mid shoulder length fully dry and I got texturizer I got a few months ago. 

What would you recommend as the best protective hairstyle that could also last the longest?

Thanks!"
6lackGuy17,8adarc,"Best styling custards?&&&My favorite was Aunt Jackie's Curl La La, but the fragrance broke my scalp out. I have 4b/4c hair, and I'm in need of a styling custard that works well with a sponge brush. I've tried Kinky Curly and Cantu."
rossablue,8adarc,I use Mop Top's custard and it's the best for my hair. 
BoxedBoobs,8a0jf1,"First of all, your hair is almost double the length of Donald Glover’s, so unless you also have type 4 hair that is prone to up to 90% shrinkage then you won’t be able to get it that short without an haircut.

There are lots of ways to achieve that style, but it’s really going to depend on your hair texture and product availability. For me personally, I can wash my hair, fall asleep on a wet Afro and wake up with something like this whether I moisturized or not because the tightly coiled hair always looks sort of dry. 

"
_blackorean,8a0jf1,"How Do I Get Hair Like Bino's?&&&Kind of An Xpost, people over at r/hair told me I should search here as well. https://imgur.com/gallery/UWBRL 
Current Hair For Conext: https://imgur.com/a/PUxZt &&&Not even conditioner or any products?"
mortmark,8a0jf1,don’t comb don’t do nothing 
mesi,89vnqh,30 Most Beautiful NATURAL HAIR Black Women&&&[removed]
HowYouDoinz,89v1j0,"Is one blow out that bad?&&&I big chopped last year , had box braids in December and last week got a blowout. Today the lady braiding my hair asked if I had a perm and that I may need to chop again. Is that even possible after one blowout? I don't have time for that.&&&aww man, where you mad?&&&Domincan blowouts aren't ? "
Moya1509,89v1j0,"I have gotten heat damage before from a blow out. The lady used the highest heat setting and didn't use any heat protectant. If you have straight bits throughout your hair that have not gone back to curly after washing and deep conditioning a few times, or if your curls are stretched out and more than they normally are after washing, you likely have heat damage. "
Sprckt,89v1j0,I’ve never had a blow out but I did get a flat iron for my wedding last year and when I went to wash my hair my curls didn’t come back. I did a protein treatment and washed again and curls came back to life with no heat damage. 
Vanrayy12,89v1j0,"Depends on whether it was a Dominican blowout or just a regular blowout. The former, could be bad. The latter, nope. "
bbcreampapapa,89v1j0,I got ONE  Dominican blowout and it destroyed 3 years of hair growth. I grew it out for a year and recently did another big chop. My hair tolerates heat well but she used more heat in a 3 hour time span than I used in a whole year. I have 4a/4b hair for reference. 
faith_trustpixiedust,89v1j0,"Yeah, it is possible. It depends on where you went and who did the blowout, their message whether it was a flat iron hair dryer or both. You have to be careful who you go to for heat styling. Always make sure that they are experience with natural hair and know how to cater to it. Once my mom took me to this hairdresser in Manhattan and she burnt a 13in chunk of my natural hair out of the back of my head and didn't say a word. Do you have to be careful out here"
meqek,89v1j0,"It depends on who does the blowout (like previously mentioned, I've steered clear of Dominican blowouts since I've been natural). If you want to straighten your hair it's better, in my opinion, to spend a little extra to get a silk press. My hair usually snaps back immediately after one of those if I go to someone who knows what they're doing."
wesmellthecolor9,89v1j0,"Yup I got one Dominican blowout (I'm Dominican so for me it was just a blowout lol) but my curls were gone. I had to do protein treatments for a while then trim. I would recommend that. 

Good luck! "
