index,id,comments
ArcNelkul,94wh78,"What should I do&&&A little bit of background first, I’m a college student who stopped cutting my 4c? hair around 4 years ago. I say “stopped cutting” instead of “started growing out” because I had literally no idea what I was doing. I had no knowledge of how to take care of natural hair and essentially destroyed it over the years based on a few misconceptions (I combed it out every morning with just water and no other products, so it was always dry, wispy, and broken).

I’ve figured out in the past few months what I should be doing in a general sense, but I’m still basically waving my hands around in the dark. I’ve tried two strand twists to try and restore my curl definition, but I’m just not sure if the results are what they should be. My hair doesn’t cooperate or react in the ways I see others do on YouTube, and I’m plagued by frizz and flyaways. 

 Is my hair damaged enough that I should big chop and start over? Or am I overreacting and I can salvage this with careful routine?

[Pictures](https://imgur.com/a/9JRcYdb)&&&Thanks everyone who answered! It’s reassuring to have something specific to work on haha&&&I will try that out, I had never considered it. Thanks!"
MahBubblesSW,94wh78,Also you may need a trim to even out your ends and your hair will look thick again. You should watch youtube videos on how to trim your ends for 4c hair so you know how to do it.
MisSinterpreter123,94wh78,"I'm not an expert but it doesn't look as though it's beyond repair. I would suggest giving it a use dose of moisture via protein treatment and see how it looks. Also, if there's a natural hair stylist in your area to help in case you need to trim, try to find one. Sometimes we can mess up more if we DIY."
ridddip,94wh78,"When I feel like my hair is on the dryer side I’ll shampoo and condition my hair, but I don’t wash out the conditioner. I also pair that with a leave-in conditioner product. And maybe you can try Bantu knots instead of the twists"
Sandyeller,94tprj,"Products to help combat shrinkage&&&Hey guys, I was just wondering what products you use to help with shrinkage. My hair is about halfway down my back, but after it dries it comes to a little bit above my shoulders. I have a mixture between 3C and 4A hair (I think)&&&Thank you. 

I know 😢 I just wish it was less dramatic "
TSDTRT3i,94tprj,"do braid outs, They stretch the hair pretty well...

Ultimately, Black hair is gonna always shrink...

"
VOL03,94tprj,"Stretch it after it dries. Search “stretch wash and go” on youtube to see some different techniques (same techniques will also work on a twist out). Most use some form of banding. 

My favorite is a technique that youtuber NaturalReign called “the unicorn method”. You basically just put your dried hair in a high ponytail and band the loose hair thats hanging out of the ponytail. Gives a great stretch. Search “naturalreign unicorn method”, don’t think you’re allowed to link youtube here. "
originalsoul,94tprj,It's probably a cliché but be proud of your shrinkage! It means that your hair is healthy 
ridddip,94tprj,"I don’t really use any specific products to help with shrinkage, but what I do is pick out my hair a little while it’s wet (not too much or my hair gets way too frizzy)"
CharGoddess,94m88v,Find a hair regimen that works for you and sick with it!
ChocolateGlamazon27,94m88v,Scalp massage helps a lot &&&Don't put heat in your hair. 
MahBubblesSW,94m88v,"When you put oils in your hair, make sure you get some on your scalp too (not too much) and start massaging your scalp. Do this everyday/night for 3-4 minutes. This is a suppose to stimulate hair growth"
_kittywhisperer_,94m88v,"Tips for Faster Hair Growth&&&Hi!

I recently decided I was going to stop straightening my hair and FINALLY embrace my curls. I have 3C hair and I just did the big chop. Now my hair is shoulder length when curly. I was wondering if anyone had any good tips for aiding in hair growth :)"
ladyAnder,94m88v,"Drink water, trim your ends regularly, and protect your hair when you are sleeping. "
ridddip,94m88v,"From time to time, I like to make deep conditioning hair masks for myself, and when I do I make sure to add cayenne pepper. It’s supposed to stimulate your hair follicles to help aid in hair growth"
BoxedBoobs,94l9ez,"There are so many options! Bantu knots (and knot-out), flat twists (and a twist-out), big halo braid, pin-up styles, or half up/half down (my lazy face). Play about with different ways of twisting/braiding/pinning it up! I’d look for YouTube styles for short to medium length hair! 

I also think you have a great shape for a wash and go, or just a normal Afro :) "
Doublepuffsnstuff,94l9ez,I actually like it the way it is! You’ve got great texture! 🤗
MyOwnWorstEskimo,94l9ez,"It actually looks good as is. It's a good shape for a wash and go. But also look at flat twisting of you want to do something with the front.

I swear by the LOC method (or LCO, whichever order) because it keeps my hair moisturized."
drahdrazan,94l9ez,"What do I do with this length???&&&Hey guys, lazy natural here. I recently did a big chop so my hair would be less work/ stress. However, it's been growing, and now it's a length that is unacceptable to treat like I had been when it was shorter. I didn't really do much aside from moisturize/wash and finger detangle when it was shorter.

This is what it is like now. (Just out of the shower)
 https://imgur.com/a/n5qxib6
I would like it to look nice and give it the attention is deserves again,  but am not sure how I can style it at this length besides in a fro or what kind of regimen I should adapt to.
I also wanna start growing it out again- needing some guidance!&&&What's the LOC method??&&& Thanks!🤗&&&Thanks for all the ideas! When you say half up/half down what do you mean?"
25_timesthefine,94i9p5,"I think the natural hair movement should be for people who used to relax their hair (or are able to relax, so the 4a-c girls im assuming). I understand that curly hair girls were also kinda socially forced to straighten their hair, but it think it’s kinda different from those who had to put chemicals in their hair. I don’t want to make this another then vs us situation though. I think the best thing we can do is continue to watch those with our hair on YouTube, and share if you can. We should make a sub where we actually share the videos on natural hair styles in here!

Edit: apparently other hair types as well"
ChocolateGlamazon27,94i9p5,"When you say curly, do you mean type 3 curl patterns but black women? The NH movement was originally pioneered by people with 4C hair but it's been taken over by the money men of the hair and beauty industry. 

What does this mean? 

It means all the big brands that are involved in hair and beauty want light skinned people with loose curl patterns because that's what (black)  consumers are flocking to. Sad but true. 

I mean look you have brands like Miss Jessies and Mixed Chicks that blatantly promote type 3 hairstyles over type 4 (the mixed chicks name is just....). 

It's gone beyond being a movement. It's a business and the consumers are actually texturist against type 4 hair that's why you see our hair types being relegated.

I think type 2-3 sisters who are black should be with us in the natural hair community but it still hurts deeply to see how type 4 doesn't get the mainstream love it deserves. 

Edit - Just my personal view. Natural 11+ years, wear protective styles. My hair is super super 4C kinky, as African as it gets 😘 "
Dahliacid,94i9p5,"Why not? I’m pretty sure they have hair problems too which resulted a few into relaxing it before the community was created. I feel like most people see that their hair is easy based on appearance or simply don’t appreciate what they have. 

And if anyone feel the need to be offended, I’m a type 4. "
DepressedAlchemist,94i9p5,"I have no problem with them being included in the movement. But it seems like they have become the face of the movement instead. Outside of YouTube, and specifically searching 'type 4 hair' with whatever I'm looking for, every natural that I see has type 3 curls. This is presented as the norm, it seems."
MahBubblesSW,94i9p5,"Should Curly Girls be Part of the Natural Hair Community/Movement?&&&Please don't get offended by this by no means am I trying to be rude but I am curious to what you guys think  


I thought the natural hair community was created for black girls who struggled with the constant pressure to relax their ""nappy hair"". I thought it was to encourage girls with kinky hair and have us stand out and show that our hair is considered beautiful just like everyone else's; to show that we don't need to straighten and have lushes curls to be pretty.  We wanted these type of girls to be comfortable with what THEY have while empowering other women to do the same, and to fight against the European standards. There is a reason why it's not a curly haired movement and I think it's because most kinky haired girls always wanted their curls and would get texturizers for them. Today now it's just a simple trend and not about the race or culture.  


Ever since the curly textured girls have joined, everyone praises them while to this day people are still shaming kinky hair (I have been shamed in school). Once my mom said that me in an afro looks messy, and that's part of the reason why I always wear  a bantu knot outted puff (she is a natural too so i didn't understand) and also I went to school in a bantu knot out and legit people were just staring at me and I felt ugly. (self esteem issues) Curls get most of the glory. There are girls with kinky hair that fawn over other curls. They get more views on Youtube, Instagram, etc. While there are quite a few famous kinky haired people, but not as much as the curly girls. They have had curly hair all their lives and get all the brand deals and also put on the forefront. Yes, I do know that there were some curly haired people that were also shamed, but you can't compare it to the amount of hate the kinky girls had to go through. I feel it's not that special to the kinky girls anymore, especially 4c girls. Have you ever noticed that people with 4a/4b hair are more successful than those with 4c hair?   


  
Idk I saw a video similar to this and was just wondering all this as I do not care that much I accept everyone I am just glad that I focus on my hair and how it's healthy, but I cannot lie and say that they have not affected my life.&&&Thank u for ur input&&&Thanks for ur input."
MisSinterpreter123,94i9p5,"I always say I'm type healthy because hair typing bothered me. I'm a curly girl, I love my natural hair. I'm the only natural in my family which is hard because I got alot of rude comments about it...I still do from time to time. But I know my comments are nothing compared to what other textures get. 

Unfortunately, some people will ALWAYS lust after people with Eurocentric features. Colonization was huge and you can't overlook the fact that many people just don't accept how they look. 

You can vent all you want. It needs to change we should know type 4s just as much if not more than type 3s and 2s."
Neuroplant,94i9p5,"So to contextualize, I am the whitest woman of color like ever, I have 3c hair, I relaxed it for years to try and look more palatable in my predominately white high school. I have gained copious knowledge and strength from the natural hair community to embrace being mixed race, so I appreciate it for that alone, but with an asterisk. My best friend and I went natural together (she is 4b). I think her hair is beautiful and lovely and can do so many things that my hair can't do, but it is definitely not nearly as well represented as my 3c hair, let alone 3c hair coming out of a white passing chick.  Her hair takes more work than mine, period. So much so when we would get together on Sundays and have our hair day where we would watch tv and deep condition and protective style our hair. I would always finish before her and now that I have some healthy length, and am an apostle of the wash n go, mine takes even less time. So to be natural as a person with 4 hair is something different and that should be known and just as embraced by the mainstream media. I hope that things continue in that direction but I'll speak for myself that I really appreciate feeling like part of the movement, because it helped me embrace something that was really shaky in myself and that is that it is okay to be mixed, even when you know you're not white enough for white people or black enough for black people."
Sprckt,94i9p5,"As a mixed race girl with type 4 and 3 hair- mostly 4, I understand both sides a bit. My mother (who is Indian with thick straight hair) raised me totally clueless about my hair and gave me some self esteem issues. It wasn’t until college that I went natural and have loved my curls and kinks. I had a 7 month old baby now who is also mixed race and whose hair I think will be closer to type 3. My mom still says her hair looks “messy” if I haven’t brushed it with my hand, added a little water. It’s got some poof and curls aren’t defined unless I define them with some water and coconut oil. I wince every time she says it’s “messy” and I tell her not to say it. 

That being said- I appreciate and feel part of the NH movement but am in between because if I style my hair one way I have the  more “socially acceptable” curls, but if I wear Bantu knots or a twist out I’m not the ideal. I think we all need to act as allies. In that I mean curly girls with type 3 hair need to speak up for type 4 girls and vice versa. 

I too blame the NH market for pitting us against one another when there’s already so much “good hair” BS. "
Weaselpanties,94i9p5,"IMO the natural hair movement is really for type 4s, but I have wiry, bushy (mostly) type 3 hair and, growing up in the 70's and 80's, got a lot of pressure to straighten and thin my ""wild"" hair. My mom (she's white, I'm mixed) kept it cut short because she ""couldn't deal with it"". Learning to take care of it on my own, the only help I found was in Black magazine articles on natural hair. Articles for white girls with curly hair felt like I was reading instructions for hair on another planet. Always brush when dry? What tragic nonsense is that? Oil control??? Why would I want to ""control"" something I don't produce enough of? Now, of course, there are dozens of sites and subs and groups for curly hair, but I don't just have curly hair, I have Black curly hair, which means it's not the same as those silky curls most white girls have. It's a mix of curly strands and thick, flat wiry strands with kinks in them.  


I guess I'm saying that while  the natural hair movement rightly should showcase and celebrate kinky hair, it is also a source of information, care, and encouragement to those of us who have curly hair, as well. Thanks to the natural hair movement, I don't fight my hair's tendency to be what it wants to be... which is big and fluffy. These aren't lay-down-nicely shiny corkscrews, and thanks to the increasing acceptance of natural hair, I no longer feel the pressure to try to force them to play nice instead of expanding to their natural ""unruly"" size."
ellamaii,94i9p5,"I definitely think curly in terms of type 3’s should be part of the movement. There are a lot of East African girls I know as well as mixed girls that go through issues and struggles with their textures (whether they’re the same as the struggles type 4 girls have is another issue). However I do think there is a problem with them becoming the faces of the movement because at the end of the day the natural hair movement was created by and for type 4 girls. 

I also think the problem also lies within the movement. A large part of the audience of the girls with looser curls are coming from women of tighter textures who choose to fawn over curls they can’t have rather than supporting the numerous smaller channels that have tighter textures. "
herdoftacos,94i9p5,"Id like to believe we(they?) have a place in the movement? I mean, i understand those defined, shiny curls are what are being praised most in media and advertisements currently, but change takes time. I think that there are more type 4s being represented, and while I don't think it's enough, it's progress. 

I don't know, I personally think the movement as it is right now seems to, depending where you go of course, be a little narrow. I'm half white half blacl and my hair seems content on not fitting anything. I don't know my type, because my hair is a mixture of a few patterns, and can't stay consistent, so it's pretty hard to find a site or product line or influences that doesn't cater to one hair type. I get that that may be what you got to rock, but I don't think it takes too much extra effort to learn about types outside your own.
"
ladyAnder,94i9p5,"I don't really care. I don't want to exclude people because I've been excluded enough for unrelated hair things and I don't want to be that person who says, ""you can't join us for because of your hair texture""

Yes I know it annoying and yes I do have 4C hair. I love it. It' so fluffy. And the way I see it now, I can't help people who can't handle the fluff. 
"
lalaseestheworld,94i9p5,"I totally get what you’re saying. Of course, I don’t want to exclude others from the movement but it’s sort of hard as the big curly hair is the new acceptable and outsiders are like “oh, you should just let your hair be free,” not understanding that my “free” hair looks nothing like this new acceptable. It’s hard because while we have made progress in accepting a more natural look for women of color, I still feel excluded from what is acceptable and beautiful. And it’s also tough because there are so many out here representing natural hair but that’s a curly wig! So it looks and feels like everyone is out here with these big beautiful heads full of curls I’m doing something wrong with my super coily shrunken poof. I dunno - what can you do...."
lolokiguess,94i9p5,"i feel like they shouldnt be apart of the movement and def not the face of either the movement or the community, but they are apart of the community. imo type 3 hair is super easy when you can just survive and grow off of the same wash and go you see most of them wear. plus, they're catered to just as much as straight hair now in terms of natural hair products."
riddle_me_this1,94i9p5,"You're completely right. Any movement created by or in favour or marginalised people (in this case, 4c haired women) get coopted by people who just cannot have *something* not being about them or glorifying them. It's exhausting that I find mixed chicks in stores here but not tgin or similar brands."
tmokilly,94i9p5,"Thanks for everything here. The online bias against kinky hair is real. While it is nice to be inclusive, I really don’t see curly girls as a part of it for one main reason: they don’t need *wash days*. They just need a few steps from an article or video, and 💥, the hair is perfect right a home. 

I just moved to a new city, and I’m feeling the pressure to do SOMETHING chemical-based to my hair. After 4 years of being natural, I’m slowly just getting tired of worrying about my hair in any shape or form. I’ve never done any sew-ins or braids; just a silk press or leave-in and gel for a low bun. "
wesmellthecolor9,94i9p5,"It's sounds like we have similar hairtypes. I totally agree with you. I had my hair relaxed most of my young life (unnecessarily imo).  Cultural pressures also vary by nationality. I'm Dominican and STILL get grief for wearing my hair natural. I can't walk the streets of DR without everyone talking shit–literally shouting insults at me. 

But I agree with others that the natural hair industry needs to have better type 4 representation in their marketing. And we all need to stop glorifying type 3 curls and calling it ""good hair"". I personally try my best to complement beautiful natural hair whenever I can, and correct people when they say I have ""good hair"". If we uplift each other AND hold each other accountable when we dismiss type 4 textures. Our community will be a better place! &&&I am 3c and my hair was relaxed for years... As was all of my sister's. "
AdamantiumFoil,94fyw5,Can she just use a different oil? I don't think she should keep using it if her skin doesn't agree with it.
BadMouthBarbie,94fyw5,"I have similar issues with hair touching my face. I’ve resorted to more up do’s and being careful about the amount of oil I use. I still use it, but I try not to use so much that it can’t absorb into my hair. 

Also, I reserve castor oil for my roots. I find it gums up the length of my hair, so I only apply to my scalp after showering. I use lighter oils (jojoba, marula) on the length. 

Good luck!! "
herdoftacos,94fyw5,"Also maybe avocado oil? I'd maybe say take caution of tea tree oil, it can be a little, uh, invigorating for lack of a better word, the same way spearmint is, so it might trigger her skin as well? I don't know for sure of course but just a thought. "
temisola1,94fyw5,"Neck breaking out from oil in hair&&&I’m posting this on behalf of my girlfriend who doesn’t have reddit. She’s decided to go natural for a while. The only thing she puts in her hair is castor oil, Wild growth oil. She’s been breaking out where her hair comes into contact with her skin, mainly on the back of her neck. Do you guys have any recommendation on how she can mitigate this issue?

Thanks,
&&&I thought as much. Do you have any recommendations?"
KayyxKayy,94c1ck,"Awesome leave-ins?&&&Hiii!!! Background: I have fine hair and 3c,4a hair texture and I’m looking for an awesome leave in, that contains no coconut oil and no shea butter! If you have any suggestions that would be great :)&&&Thank you so much to all who replied can’t wait to try these all!!!"
MahBubblesSW,94c1ck,There is the  [Okay Black Jamaican Castor Oil Leave in Conditioner](https://www.google.com/shopping/product/16956316824962480547?q=caster+oil+leave+in+conditioner&rlz=1C1CHFX_enUS698US698&biw=1366&bih=662&prds=paur:ClkAsKraX3DZfmyUyG6VVMJBopdIUguKDKrmHANyRp6c3jOmbpF5L-HgsTWuP1DXprcjd0S5KDzzUbObzVRcZS7tr2EIfvGrqKtVZ5t4axsIoledswis-PWTqhIZAFPVH722Ia6z_oulAiAqmsrOvuBoQ8idlA&sa=X&ved=0ahUKEwiT88asydHcAhWEj1QKHerPDaEQ8wIIvAQ) idk if u will like it but it gives me good slip and it gives very good moisture to my hair 
ellamaii,94c1ck,My favorites are the Auntie Jackie’s Quench leave-in and the Kinky Curly Knot Today! I have fine hair as well that’s type 4a and find that it responds best to leave-ins that aren’t super thick and heavy. :)
unwaveringwish,94c1ck,As I Am leave-in conditioner is also great! A little goes a long way
BoxedBoobs,946tj4,"What you described does sound like you’re putting a lot of tension on your hair, and while some people can withstand it, others (dare I say the vast majority) cannot. 

3-4 months is a very long time to leave box braids in. I used to do it when I was younger, but taking them out was a pain because I’d get a lot of matted hair/sweat/product knots near the base of the braid and it was hell detangling them. 

There are some books on hair care by actual professionals that I suggest you read up, and through trial and error you can decide what is best for you. 

"
MahBubblesSW,946tj4,"Is this okay?&&&I really like high puffs on my hair. I do these every day. On some nights and on the weekends I keep them in bantu knots. Occasionally I keep my hair in box braids for at least 3-4 months (winter time) and then it's back to the puff. For my puff I do not use a band, but I use this long clip that can fit all around my head, and I do not use any gel for my hair. The problem is, is that it can get tight on my head and I can adjust it to wear it fits right, but im just wondering if it's all safe. I don't really notice any thinning along my edges but a lot of people it will recede if I keep doing high puffs.

During this whole summer my hair has been in regular twists and I've been moisturizing daily. Before that my hair was dry (not adding enough moisture) and it only grew a little bit in my armpits. I cut it a few weeks ago, and it stopped 1-2 inches past my collar bone. My hair is now just touching my armpits, while the front has now passed my chin (after such a long time!)&&&Thanks! And I'll be sure to cut down the time I have my braids in.&&&Oh okay, thanks!"
MyOwnWorstEskimo,946tj4,"No longer than 8 weeks!&&&I wear a puff literally every day. I twist the fronts, so it's not pulling on my edges that much. But I haven't noticed any breakage. In fact. I think my hair likes it. I do try not to twist or make the puffs too tight. Only put the hair tie on, dont wrap it around like you do with a straight hair ponytail.

If you're concerned though, vary where your puff is. Sometimes I do a low puff, and sometimes I'll do half up/ half down"
haileyTM,946tj4,I did puffs with hair  ties every day for a looong time. I think it depends on the person but ur good imo
MyOwnWorstEskimo,942m73,"When to use gel&&&I use the LOC method (well, actually. LCO). But if I wanted to use gel, do I do it after the O? Or do I skip the C?"
um_can_you_not,942m73,"If you’re doing LCO, add gel before the oil. I find gel to be a really good sealant. But make sure you’re using a natural gel without alcohol (don’t use eco styler). One that has been working for me is the Kinky Curly Curling Custard."
Dahliacid,942kib,I stick to what works. Maybe look for sample sizes 
HumbleAbbreviations,942kib,"Go through your stash, price them out, and start chucking the items you have not used in over six months.  Then tally how you spent on hair products and let that sobering moment sync in."
MyOwnWorstEskimo,942kib,"RESIST

Most of them you dont need. It's easy to get caught up in all of it but go by your hair type. Your curl pattern, if its dry, how you style it. Find what works for you but you have to give things time to work. Try a new product, use it for a month or 2, until the bottle is empty, and then if you want to try something else do that. But dont get caught up in any hypes."
helloitsme4d3d3d3,942kib,"How do you not get overwhelmed by all the products, oils, powders out there??? I want to try them all!!&&&I've been natural for awhile and when I first started was definitely a product junkie. For the past year or so I've definitely been keeping it simple with some shea butter, jojoba oil, and maybe some double butter cream every now and then. 

After seeing a recent Instagram post from a natural, I'm on a quest to make my hair super moisturized and my eyes have been opened to how many more products are out there now! I'm reading about henna tea sprays, and antibacterial oils, and all these great new black owned product lines and I just want to buy them all! My bank account says otherwise. How do you stay sane in the wake of it all?&&&I'll try... haha thanks. I just get so excited and obsessed sometimes...even though I already ordered the ingredients for the henna tea spray 🤦🏿🤦🏿"
Midnight_Moon29,93yqc1,"I think I'm at the stage in my going natural that I need to stretch my hair before I flat iron it. That may sound like a no-brainer, but they don't call this a journey for nothin lol"
Eurys,93xiji,"My 4C has no volume (pics included)&&&Hello everyone,

I need advices concerning my hair. Whenever I try to to the  so-called simple afro puff, my hair just lays flat. I've tried picking my hair but to no avail. I've been natural for 5 years, when my hair was short I didn't have this problem. My hair is now  mid back. 


https://m.imgur.com/YTfR3XX


On this picture, I had just taken down my twist and wanted to rock a high puff.

Can someone explain to me why my hair is flat?

Thanks you very much!"
FyreSign,93xiji,"You’re hair has a lot of volume! Unfortunately though, the longer your hair gets, the more it’ll weigh so those kind of Afro poufs will be something you may not be able to achieve. Like me! My hair is long and curly, and as hard as I tried, I could never get it to do the pouf. "
JadeStew,93xiji,Use a shampoo for low porosity hair.
Worstmodonreddit,93xiji,Are you stretching your hair first?
cherryjune,93xiji,"Honestly, it may just be the length of your hair that’s causing to be to weighed down. I’m assuming your hair in this state is somewhat stretched in this picture if you have 4C hair. Try putting your hair in a puff and spraying water on your puff to revert it to a more shrunken state."
kammithekiller,93xiji,"Well weight builds up, but also it kind of looks like your hairs aren’t super densely packed on your head- which would mean as it grows longer/heavier it droops. 

When you make a ponytail- if you squeeze tightly how big is the diameter where the band is? My niece can’t really do ponytails because you can’t band it lol, she’ll look like a cone head if you try. Her hair is like wires and it’s crazy dense. 

Your hair looks healthy and all I think it’s just the length/weight or density. I’m not saying your hair is thinning btw, it’s just that you may have never noticed it if it was this long and treated before. 

Edit- that’s 4c? I try to ignore typing but I’d have killed for your curls before I decided on dreads lol"
macismycrack,93xiji,If my hair was even half as voluminous as yours I would feel so blessed. Saying it has no volume is 1) very much an exaggeration 2) questions how I feel about my own hair
originalsoul,93xiji,"It could be that you're there's too much product in your hair and it's weighed down. Btw, I don't think your hair looks flat to me. It looks full. Some people have hair that likes to fall more than others. This just might be you. "
whatkathy,93xiji,Your hair length is weighing your hair down. We're in the same boat!
Bmoresgoddess,93pe8k,"[TWA] Should I pick out my hair?&&&I have a TWA, and maybe a 4A/4B hair type. I wrap my hair when I sleep, so when I wake up, its matted down. I didn't mind because I love my curls. If I pick it out (someone with relaxed hair said I should), will I lose the curls? I don't want it to be straightened, but it does feel packed down. Can just using a detangle brush work? "
UnbalancedRoses,93pe8k,I would try adding a little of water in the mornings & shake it out. Use your fingers as the pick first. If you have to use the pick I would just pick at the roots to get your volume/shape back. 
cherryjune,93pe8k,Yep! Best advice 
herdoftacos,93pe8k,"Cantu has a curl refresher that helps me a ton with this, I spray it in my hands and finger separate because it doesn't spray like a regular liquid if that makes sense? The back of my head gets matted pretty easily but I pick it out anyway so you can't tell unless you touch it or I've just woken up but the curl refresher helps undo the matting for me. Plus I love the smell lol.

I do also spray on water immediately before so my hair will actually absorb some."
macismycrack,93pe8k,I am dealing with the same issue! Never heard anyone complain about this before.Unfortunately I do not know the answer :(
xviore,93pe8k,I use a detangle brush and then some curl cream and my curls come right back (looking better because it isn’t matted down) 
Bobelle,93na9u,Does anyone know a natural hair blogger/vlogger with 4c normal porosity medium strands?&&&&&&Thanks!&&&Thanks a lot! I'll check you out&&&Her hair is low porosity.
LightsCameraAshley,93na9u,"Hi I know of a YouTuber by the name ambrosia she makes great 4c natural hair videos. I also make 4c hair videos but I’m still a beginner if you’re interested i go by the name LightsCamera Ashley (typed just like that) on YouTube. I hope this helped:)&&&Im also 4b/4c but she gives great advice on maintaining type 4 hair. Her videos talk about protection, light products, low manipulation, and styling ideas.  "
Sugavibe,93na9u,Nappyfu. She's AMAZING and HILARIOUS. Youre in for a ride gurl :)
hey_effie_hey,93na9u,"Umm not sure if she fits the profile , that was really specific, but try Naturally Temi. "
macismycrack,93na9u,Ambrosia is 4b/4c. She is not strictly 4c. If you have 4c hair I would take her advice with a grain of salt
ChocolateGlamazon27,93j0lj,"African Threading - it will grow your hair super fast, doesn't itch and it protects your hair. "
ISommers,93j0lj,"How do I protect my hair in the awkward stage?&&&I'm a male with 3A/3B hair and I just recently started growing my hair out. Currently it is at this awkward stage where it's not long enough to twist, but is long enough to start tangling. Since my hair hasn't gone down yet, I pretty much can only wear it as a mini-fro. I get a lot of tangling at the back of my head and sides because of this.

How can I protect my hair in this stage?&&&My hair is perhaps long enough, but one problem I have is that my hair texture varies a ton. The hair in the front and back of my head is 2C/3A and easily slips out of cornrows but the rest of my head has much tighter curls. This is my first time growing out my hair, so I'm a little naive "
LightsCameraAshley,93j0lj,"Protective styling. Box braids, corn row, mini twists etc."
atommom,93j0lj,"At the length of you're describing, protection is all about low manipulation so the mini fro is a good thing! 

I'm not sure what your current routine is, but my son has very similar hair, and I put a silk cap on him at night which keeps his hair from going flat and tangled in the back, and only finger detangle his hair when it's wet. 
"
avocadochick,93j0lj,Is it long enough to flat twist or corn row? 
moonchild2998,93j0lj,"I survived that stage by simply detangling my hair and keeping a silk bonnet on pretty much my whole life. In fact, people made fun of me for it. But guess who’s hair kept on growing? Me. And then it’ll grow out and by the next month, it’ll be ready to twist! Good luck to you! "
