index,id,comments
Jasmine_Farr_Simply,92wu7o,Hey y’all&&&[removed]
Whatsthegheepea,92jfy6,Best twist out EVER❤&&&[removed]
ChocolateGlamazon27,92h3hz,No way. They can hold this L. 
KnottyDuck,92h3hz,"Do you live with your parents?

If they pay your way to live probably 

But independent me don’t give a fuck how they feel about my hair. "
SqueakyCog,92h3hz,Compromise with a synthetic blonde wig. Bonus troll points if you purchase it from a costume store. 
herdoftacos,92h3hz,"So, if they're supporting you financially, it's a trickier situation. If it's a big deal photo and, say, your hair isn't cooperating anyway, then maybe I would. But any regular day? Nope. I'd rather not be in the picture than do my hair in a way I don't want to. Just like if I got my hair straightened and they said go wash it we want you curly for the picture I just wouldn't go. Take me as I want to come or don't take me, imo. When you support yourself it's easier to say no. When they support you it takes a surprising amount of confidence, and it's pretty hard to just say no cuz, hey, they're your parents! But you're their kid, and your happiness with yourself and your appearance should come before how they want you to look for the picture. It's not like you're showing up naked to meet the president or anything. "
hey_effie_hey,92h3hz,No. 
tinydog360,92h3hz,Would you change your hair if your parents don't like it?&&&Like if your dad says straighten your hair for pictures because he wants you to look good for the camera and that your curly hair is ugly and unpresentable. Would you go ahead and straighten your hair or would you go get the pictures done with your hair curly? Let's say you are 20 years old.  
meelzzzz,92e8p9,"best shampoo for 4b hair?&&&I'm looking for an effective shampoo for my hair that isn't too harsh. I have very dry, porous and easily broken 4b and I wash every other week atm (I'd like to wash it less but I get dandruff). Something sulfate free but can still prevent dandruff.

Has anyone found any shampoos that work for them?"
progretivity,92e8p9,Please pay more attention to your hair porosity than your curl pattern. We have the same curly pattern but our hair may behave completely differently than each others due to porosity.
tallulahbelly14,92e8p9,What does the rest of your regime look like? Washing every other week doesn’t sound like very much at all - I wonder if your scalp would recover better with more frequent cleansing...?
ychirea1,92e8p9,I used TGIN for my daughter and it makes it soft
Bobelle,92dh3m,Have you tried the maximum hydration method?
Honeychile6841,92dh3m,I haven't a clue on what you are saying.
Neat_squirrel,92dh3m,"Nothing is working! I don't know what to do with my hair, it has no pattern what so ever.&&&My hair has no pattern, I plucked hairs from different areas of my scalp and drawn them where they go. What is your guys' ideas to deal with my hair? Also anyone tuck the hair behind their ear because of how horrendously straight it is and how terrible it looks.

https://imgur.com/a/6z3zDAy&&&I'm sorry for not explaining myself properly, the hair on my temple is very straight, the hair at the top of my hair is thinner and extremely random in the way it grows so now noticeable curls and it gets even worse in the crown area, the hair on the nape is the most defined. The picture I linked is hairs that grow from different parts of my scalp. Sorry again for the confusing post.&&&I've been natural my whole life but since my mother is white and my parent have been divorced since birth me and my mum have never really known what to do lol.&&&Perfect, thx!&&&Thank you so much! Mixed hair is a mess sometimes. Thx again i will totally try this out.&&&Ok that sounds perfect thx so much!&&&Sorry for responding late! I have also tried that, I made an avocado and jojoba oil hair mask which made my hair incredibly soft but no definition what so ever. I found that letting my hair air dry gives it a little more definition but the top my hair is still a mess. I'm trying to let it grow a little longer instead of cutting it, because I don't know what to do with it. I want a change and longer hair gives me more options.&&&I do also want to say most of the definition i have is at the bottom of my scalp."
Weaselpanties,92dh3m,"My hair has lots of different types mixed together, and the ratio of the mix depends on the part of my head it's on -- super wiry-curly at the temples, almost straight at the nape of the neck, etc. I have the best results by keeping it super moisturized; I wash once a week, deep condition, use leave-in conditioner, refresh my hair in the mornings by scrunching with wet hands, and use a hair lotion and dry oil spray through the week as needed. "
buttery336,92dh3m,Are you saying you don’t have a curl pattern? Maybe your hair just lacks moisture. Do you have any heat damage? How long have you been natural?
herdoftacos,92dh3m,"Ah, yes, one of the ways being mixed mixes up your hair. Don't worry, it's like that for a lot of mixed naturals, especially(in my experience) half black half white. I dunno, something about it man. Anyway. Depending on your age, your hair may also be in the middle of a change; when I was little(4th grade) I had a ton of hair, some of it stretched kinks, some coils, some straight as my mom's, and some gorgeous ringlets. But a few years after that, I wanted straight hair because I hated running around and feeling my braid hit my back (yes, that's the exact reason. Not ""I like straight hair!!"" Or ""it's preytier!!"" I was just so tired of my braids) so my mom took me to one of the only natural shops where I live and we let them relax my hair. Long story short, they didn't use a children's texturizer like they should've and killed my hair, I went on to a children's one and anyway, it's thinner now. I'm fully natural but, guess what? Your hair is likely to change at puberty. So imagine my surprise when I chopped my old dead hair off and, at first, I had little frizzy curls that stayed in this tight, perfect little fro(which I hated because I looked like my brothers).

 Well, three years later, my hair has changed again. I'm back to having something like your texture patterns: nice curls at the nape, a mix of curls, kinks and waves on the front(on each hair, mind you), and loose curls and waves on the sides, generally. 

The thing is, all hair has the ability to change every so often. Mixed hair seems to do it more regularly and completely. If you've never seen your hair flip you off and grow entirely differently than what it's doing now, huzzah. If you have, dont worry. 

I liked using the cantu curl activator on damp hair, diluted with a little warm water, or miss Jessies multi cultural curls, or, when my hair is already curling, aunt Jackies defining curl custard. But right now I'm lazy and I pick it out and wear my big fro nice and loud."
um_can_you_not,92dh3m,"Did you ever perm, straighten, or blow dry your hair? Then possibly it’s heat damage. Most of the time when people say they don’t have a curl pattern, it means their hair isn’t well moisturized. Look up ways to better moisturize your hair (e.g. LCO method, Max Hydration method).

Edit: also this Microsoft paint diagram is the funniest thing I’ve ever seen 😆"
Bobelle,92aoyw,It's totally fine to leave it in.
livesarah,92aoyw,"I’ve used it in my daughter’s hair a few times, never had any problems leaving it in."
lyssaNwonderland,92aoyw,Leaving olive oil in hair?&&&I use a natural pure olive oil and moisturize my scalp and hair. Is it okay to leave it in? I've been reading articles and they all say to wash it out.&&&Okay thank you
Bobelle,92a8w9,"I'm very scared of it. Even though those Chad guys have long hair, all the ones I've seen that use it have no edges."
cocopuffswt04,92a8w9,Where did you get yours?
pearbear22,92a8w9,"Chebe powder&&&It’s a plant powder for Chad and I just learned about it.  It supposed to retain a ton of moisture, decrease breakage, and aid in growth. That’s the basic info I’ve found about it.

Have any of you ever used it? If so, how did you incorporate it into your routine? I use a homemade balm on my 4C hair made with Shea, coconut oil and beeswax. I use it almost everyday to condition and moisturize. I was thinking of adding the chebe into the mix but I’m worried about additional gunk build up. Does this stuff get super gunky?

"
Aaaandiiii,929ena,"I used to do once a week when I was relaxed. My hair got dirty and unmanageable pretty quick. Now that I'm natural, I typically wash monthly. I usually wear my hair in twists for maybe two weeks or so then undo them to wear loose for the rest of the month. I oil or add moisture as needed but I typically just go with the flow. If I sweat extra heavy or used some new styling product that didn't quite work well, I'll wash much sooner. But my wash routine takes so much I don't like doing my hair more than once every two weeks at the most."
Midnight_Moon29,929ena,"Where and how did we come up with the 'once a week' wash rule?&&&I know everyone chooses to do wash day different. Some people wash once a week, and I've heard some people say they only shampoo once a month. I'm wondering where the once a week 'rule' came from? I'm asking because my head has been very itchy, and the dandruff much worse than usual lately. It makes me want to wash every 4-5 days instead of a week. Anyone else wash less 7 days apart? Is this ok as long as I moisturize well?&&&Thank you, I am going to try this out and see how it works. As we all know, our hair is trial and error, learn and grow lol&&&Thank you for sharing. I don't even know what LOIS is, but I'm going to look it up. I think a week might be too long for me. What a hair journey I tell ya XD&&&I'm finding that most of us base our wash days on how much work it takes lol"
PeanutButterStew,929ena,"Apple Cider Vinegar (ACV) is really good for dandruff, mix equal parts ACV and water and use a spray bottle to wet hair (if in shower squeeze out excess water from hair and pour on ACV mixture) and let sit for 5-10 min or so and rinse. No vinegar smell lingers once dry. ACV also helps remove any residue on your hair from products so will make it a bit shinier too.

"
butterscotchedmutt,929ena,"Honestly... My “once a week” rule comes from pure laziness. The whole process is too long and I can’t be bothered more than once a week. Also, my scalp and hair don’t feel too horrible until a week passes. So I would say if the itching is bothering you, give a shorter wash cycle a try! "
lavasca,929ena,"It depends a LOT on your own hair and scalp.
That includes porosity/absorbancy and texture.

I am a 4a and then according to LOIS rating an S. I have low porosity hair.


I need to clean my hair at least twice a week or my skin will be wrecked.  I might only shampoo once a week if I don’t swim but I need it cleaned frequently.  I have to rinse it at least every other day. It is really low maintenance as long as I rinse it at least every other day.

I rarely do the twisting or protective styles.  I sleep on a silky pillowcase.  I use leave in conditioners. It is past my shoulders.

The once a week thing is a guideline for some."
Bobelle,9254us,Yeah. I just stopped combing my hair and it started growing again.
Thatonepandathing,9254us,"For me, it was an illusion due to shrinkage. As we know, it takes longer to see growth in curly hair vs. straight hair. As my hair grew, the curls would coil tighter and look better, but it meant that a tighter curl would mean more shrinkage. "
animousity692,9254us,Same experience here. My hair is growing longer for sure but forever LOOKS like it is shoulder length. Fml. 
bbrae_alldayerrday,9254us,"Have any of you stalled for years at shoulder length and managed to break the plateau?&&&My hair doesn't seem to want to grow past my shoulders.  It's been like this for years.  If I trim or cut off 1-2 inches, it quickly grows back to shoulder length and stays there.  It's pretty thick and I think its healthy?  I get a lot of compliments on it, and when I go to salons I always get comments on its thickness and health, even though I routinely find split ends.  I moisturize with water, a light cream, and oil, use protein treatments, wash weekly, use a satin scarf, etc., so I think my regimen is ok overall.  Am I missing something?  Could it be my diet (I'm vegetarian)? I really don't want to believe this is my terminal length...I'm especially looking for advice from fellow kinkiests  (4cs).&&&I'd be mad if it took years to figure that out.  When you did comb your hair did you do it everyday or just once in a while? And now do you 100% absolutely never comb it? &&&Did you do anything special before putting them in? Like specific products to retain moisture?"
sangriarita,9254us,The only thing that worked for me was wearing my wear in crochet braids for a year and a half.  But of course now I want my bob back. I can’t win. 
wherearemykeysdebra,9254us,"I’ve experienced two plateaus in my hair growth as well so definitely don’t be discouraged, it could be any number of things. It’s all a matter of experimenting with your routine & finding ways to minimize breakage. I’d recommend purchasing measuring tape and tracking your length in it’s stretched state. It may be that your hair is actually growing but shrinking to shoulder length & if that’s the case you could try different stretching techniques. 

The two major things that helped me overcome my plateaus were; avoiding direct heat tools & finger detangling. Straightening should be a rare occurrence as it’s the worst culprit for hair breakage. I also try not to blowdry often & the times I do I use a diffuser/swap between the cool and warm settings as blowdrying weekly was the cause of my first hair growth plateau. I’ve also stopped detangling with a wide toothed comb b/c it was causing the MOST breakage for me. I keep my hair in some sort of stretched style (mostly wash & go’s) throughout the week so it remains knot free enough where I can finger detangle fairly easily. Comparing the two I definitely shed a ton more when combing vs detangling. "
Midnight_Moon29,921pvp,"First off your name is so cute! Second-DAYUM! 6+ hours! I'm guessing you have extremely thick hair, long hair, or both. Godspeed natural fam XD&&&I was going to apple cider vinegar due to build up, but my scalp is also itchy, so I've been scratching a lot. No ACV here lol"
MuffinPuff,921pvp,I spent 6+ hours flat-ironing my hair for the first since the big chop. I'm still not finished. Just wanted to share that.
koi19,921pvp,"Qq: I bleached my hair recently and my curls have never been so uniform or defined. Is this unusual cuz all I see are cautionary tales about bleaching. 
Anyone know of something that could give me similar results w/o the effects of bleaching?"
mousemarie94,921pvp,"When I was supposed to wash my hair on sunday however, it is now Thursday. Definitely going to apple cider vinegar my scalp for this build up... #tales of an irresponsible natural"
wesmellthecolor9,921pvp,Same! First time I'm learning about apple cider vinegar. Gonna try it tonight!! 
Kronosess17,9205ze,Shedding&&&What do you guys use to keep your hair from shedding a lot? I know a little bit of shedding is okay but my hair sheds like crazy. Thanks in advance!! &&&Okay cool! Thank you&&&Thank you!! 
Midnight_Moon29,9205ze,"Someone here already mentioned getting regular trims, but I wanted to second that! I have seen such a difference with getting trims at the natural hair salon. Regular for me is once a month (mostly due to $$), but it deff helped with the shedding."
Robinspeakeasey,9205ze,"Shedding is inevitable unfortunately I'm still figuring out this beast, so please update us if something new works for you. 

You can make the removal method easier, so that the shed hair doesn't take your rooted hair along with it. I find the more I keep my hair stretched and in protective styles, the easier it is to remove shed hair. 95% of the time I remove shed hair by hand, once a month with a denman brush."
Sprckt,9205ze,I had terrible post partum shedding and what helped me was making a henna tea spray. Mix henna with water and strain it so you just have liquid left. Add some aloe Vera and I spray it on her hair and scalp once a month then rinse thoroughly. 3 months of this and my hair is growing back and not shedding as much. Could be my hormones back in balance and could be the henna tea but a friend recommended it as it worked for her and she didn’t just have a child so...
Vanrayy12,9205ze,"Shedding will happen. You shed minimum 100-150 hairs a day. 

Not much you can do about that. "
bigpuppyeyes,9205ze,Regular trims for natural hair can prevent so much shedding. It might be time to see a natural stylist.
Bobelle,91wbyi,"I don't moisturize every day. But every other day, I dampen my hair with water, apply Shea Moisture Carrot and Mango Kids Conditioner and seal with olive oil, but I'm thinking of mixing the water and conditioner together and spritzing it and using Cipriana Quann's oil mixture and spritzing that as well but I'm not in the position to do that right now."
Midnight_Moon29,91wbyi,"What is your summer daily moisturizing routine?&&&I'm low key trying to find out what everyone else does lol. I've been spritzing my hair with water and then moisturizing with Camille Natural curlaid moisture butter. Then I'll de-tangle and put my night cap on, but I'm realizing I might not be able to escape twisting it at night :/ 
What do you guys do?&&&I've heard good things about Carol's daughter but never tried it. I'll have to try it out next.&&&Yeah I'm thinking that moisturizing every other day will be a must for me."
TheYellowRose,91wbyi,"I use the carol's daughter black vanilla spray and the kinky curly knot today as my daily moisturizers, sometimes I switch to the design essentials leave in conditioner too- but that's more for after my wash"
Awino,91rbsh,How to |Twist Faux Updo&&&[removed]
Jazzers88,91l720,"Is there any way to tint natural 1B hair a dark blue, purple, or red with a semi dye(rinse) WITHOUT bleaching or pre-lightening hair. Basically no chemicals that would permanently change the natural color?&&&&&&I was looking into that. How long does it take for the color to rinse out eventually ? &&&Yes I saw that but I know it’s washes off after one wash and that’s not suitable for me. Thanx "
TheYellowRose,91l720,Henna maybe
chocogeek,91l720,"You could try hair color chalks or sprays. Temporary, but they do rub off on your clothes/hands."
dyam,91l720,"You can put any semi permanent color on your hair, but it will be a very dark shade, and it may only be visible in the sun. It will only be a tint, like you said it the title, and it would eventually wash out."
koi19,91l720,"I had to bleach my 1b hair, a straight dye or with developer did absolutely nothing to my hair Good luck"
Midnight_Moon29,91iqwr,"I think I'm finally discovering styles that I like, and will work for the professional environment I'm in! Recently I discovered that I like, and can actually do, different types of pin up/styles with bobbie pins. I've had many a failed twist out, and my flat twists always seem to come loose, and with the 90 degree weather I don't feel like doing a full set of rollers. I feel like I'm finally making some progress!"
Sweetsolitude8,91iqwr,That’s great! I’ve been feeling the same way but now my hair is finally long enough to do a perm rod set. I did one last night and it was a success! Glad you’re making progress! 
ChocolateGlamazon27,91b6nb,Check out Sam's Beauty and look in the accessories section - they have a good selection of hair accessories that is fine for natural hair
Midnight_Moon29,91b6nb,"Natural hair accessory online store?&&&Hello, I'm looking for an online store with natural hair accessories. You don't want to know what comes up when I google 'natural hair accessories' lol I'm looking for things like flowers, pins, hair ties, etc. for our hair. Thanks in advance!&&&I'll look at that, thank you!"
TheYellowRose,919rlj,I don't use eco styler myself but here is a forum post about this very topic http://www.mynaturalsistas.com/forums/topic/what-leave-ins-pair-well-with-ecostyler-gel/
skidkneee,919rlj,I  As I Am leave-in with Argan Oil Eco Styler and have no problems. 
supreme232,919rlj,Leave-In's that work will with Eco Styler gel (Olive Oil)&&&I trying out different leave ins that can work under my wash and go using Eco Styler. I'm trying the African Pride Olive Miracle Leave-in Conditioner and my hair is flaking so bad. For years my go-to was the Shea Moisture Curl Enhancing Smoothie or Cantu Leave-In but they have both changed their formulas so I'm on the search for something new 
herdoftacos,915fqa,"Box braid slippage?&&&I'm just learning how to do box braids(on myself) and, for the most part, they come out pretty okay. I've yet to finish my head because, again, I've never done this before, so by the time I've made real progress the back is coming off at the root. Specifically, at the back of my neck, the braids start sliding down, and when I use the rubber band method the bands slide too! The braids are fairly small, maybe medium I guess? But my hair isn't very tight curls(half white, my mom has bone straight hair, and my dad keeps his head shaved so who knows what he gave me lol), and even though the ends are a little dry right now, my hair, especially at the roots, is relatively soft. I didn't think you could have hair that's ""too soft,"" especially since I've seen them on just straight hair. 

I'm currently trying with zero product on my hair, but I haven't put any braids on, I'm still sectioning and rubber banding sections, to hopefully braid all day tomorrow. It's not like it's taking weeks, either. I'm talking it starts sliding from the root in a few days, a week max. The bottom two rows especially, the rest if I accidentally tug them or move them too much(I'm not used to having hair that hangs like that).  My hairs themselves aren't super thick but I don't think thwyre very very fine either.

If anyone has any suggestions or experience, I'd be super appreciative! Also, any pics of your braids, especially maybe later into wearing them? It helps to know what they should look like, ya know! Thanks a ton!!&&&Not hers specifically but I've had this issue even with the rubber band method"
mickylovesrumbleroar,915fqa,Have you checked out Naptural85’s box braid video? She used the rubber band method and I found it to be helpful.
n_kaye,915fqa,You should find tutorials on YouTube with people with similar hair textures to yours. 
