index,id,comments
A_million_things,96t5jy,"Crochet braids with human hair&&&I’m new to protective styles, and I’m looking for ways to give a rest to my very curly hair in order to help it grow.
I’m considering getting crochet braids,  rather than a weave because it seems easier to wash the scalp with crochet and I feel like I can more easily style my hair in different directions than with a weave
However, I really dislike the feeling and the look of synthetic hair. Is it possible to use human hair for crochet braids? Will it hold in place? I know it would be more expensive, but is it feasible? If so, any advices?
Thanks!
&&&Thanks for the advice! I might go with synthetic then!"
jsdhb,96t5jy,"I had it done as a birthday ‘do a few years ago and i don’t think it was really worth it. 
It takes way more hair as human braiding hair typically comes in a straight texture. You also are typically limited in length (the only options in toronto were approx 22in, meaning after install you were looking at a shoulder length style still). 
The human braiding hair also had more slip so it shed and fell out a lot faster than the kinky/yaki did. 
All in all after 250+ for human braiding hair that wasn’t even long enough to curl or put in an elegant updo, I’ve gone back to synthetic. More forgiving and I’d rather spend 50 bucks every month to have a fresh install than the 250. "
BerniceJohnson,96fqvh,Shrinkage. Help!&&&Heyy. I have a 4c medium length hair and I've been trying to get this slicked down low ponytail but it never works out for me. I stretch the hair a day before to achieve maximum length and everything but when I spritz it with water like everyone on youtube says it just shrinks and becomes short and I can barely manipulate it into a low bun anymore. Please help. 
justinawearing,96eoo8,"Natural Hair Product Haul + TIPS (Ft. Texture ID, Proclaim, DooGro, etc.) | SallyBeauty&&&[removed]"
Dahliacid,95xuqe,The only thing that rly changed for me was drinking more water
DexterP17,95xuqe,"Is this true? That's kind of scary to think about. I know moderation, but still..."
MiserableOwl,95xuqe,"Water really helped me. And avocados! 

Edit: biotin is good too but be careful it raises your blood sugar levels and excess could lead to diabetes "
Sprckt,95xuqe,Yep- water water water water! Helped my hair and skin! 
blackmagickchick,95xuqe,"Diet/nutrition for you hair&&&Hey everyone. I was wonder, for those that transitioned back to natural hair (or those who have always had natural hair too), if you in anyway altered/changed your diet as well. I'm current trying to eat better and more clean in overall, but would also like to make sure I'm giving an extra boost to my hair. As much as I love my twa, I have aspirations of Chaka Khan levels of hair one day. We'll see if I get there.

Also, any vitamins/supplements taken."
pretseoul,95xuqe,"Drinking water exclusively, no more fast food, 3 spring valley biotin capsules at night and my hair has grown about 3 inches this summer and done surprisingly well despite me straightening it like twice a month and not using proper head protectant. "
Sprckt,95pdky,"How are you detangling your hair before using the product? I use Camille rose and haven’t had that issue though I detangle thoroughly then rake through my hair which is usually very wet. I have found that if my hair isn’t really wet when I apply a thicker product (like if it’s more dry), then my hair tangles more easily. "
Swankface87,95pdky,"That sucks, especially bc it's not a cheap product. It was likely one of the ingredients that didn't agree with your hair, or another product (if you used one) that didn't mesh well with the gel. I'm not a big fan of aloe bc it makes my hair feel stiff but idk if that's what did it. 

Idk what hair type you have so it's hard to make a recommendation, so I'd say check out curlmart and see what other gels are out there. "
ezpez97,95pdky,"Curl activating products causing tangled hair?&&&Hi all! I recently used Camille Rose curlmaker because I wanted to get a more curly texture. While it worked somewhat, I found that it caused my hair to get really matted and made defanging a nightmare. 

I was wondering, is this a common problem? What am I doing wrong? Does anyone know of any curl activating products that don’t cause tangled hair? 

"
lolokiguess,95pdky,"maybe its the humectant aloe? because humectants draw moisture from the air into your hair, so you're getting shrinkage faster and causing your curls to intertangle?"
makattack002,95pdky,"Things like curl maker, and kccc make my hair tangle extremely bad. It's from the aloe. "
TGeniune,95ow7e,"Flat twist, braid it all upwards into a poof then adorn w jewelry or flowers or a fastener.

How fancy is your wedding?"
avocadochick,95ow7e,"You could add a flower the color pf your bouquet and put it behind your ear Billie Holiday style. Or use jeweled clip, a flowered head band. Depending on length you could do a twist out, braid the front, do a headband braid with jewelled clips. Options are endless.&&&How long is your fro?"
tinyinkmachine,95ow7e,"Natural Hair Style for Reception&&&Hey all! I'm having my wedding reception next weekend, and I have a pretty short fro that I wear from day to day. Do you guys know of any styles I can use to spruce my hair up for the special day? I'm not opposed to using heat, but I'd prefer not to since it's August and we live in Arkansas. Suggestions? If you have any links, please share them as well! Thanks!"
abelleforyou,95ddqo,"I’ve used it on my hair the way you’d use a clarifying shampoo or mask, my hair felt completely clean of all product build up! Since it’s so strong (I use the Aztec Healing Clay formula) I only use it once every six months or so. "
aghdm,95ddqo,I use coconut milk to make the mask more like a deep conditioner and it works great! It makes my hair sooo soft and defines my curls so well
etoileleciel1,95ddqo,I’ve used an off brand ACV and it worked fine. I think people just get that brand because it’s so well known now.
hot_shaker,95ddqo,How on earth do you work that through your hair?! And how long does it take you to rinse it out?? I feel like I could glop it on but it wouldn’t coat properly. And I feel like it would be really difficult to wash out. 
ladyAnder,95ddqo,"It really doesn't matter. I mean, preferably, you want an ACV with mother in it,(unfiltered) but with or without it doesn't matter. It all cleans the same. "
lolokiguess,95ddqo,"bentonite clay mask?&&&does the brand of apple cider vinegar matter? i only ever see people say they use the briggs/braggs brand, but we dont have that brand close where i live. has anyone here ever used a different brand of apple cider vinegar for the mask and it worked out well?&&&thanks everyone <3 "
maifauna,95ddqo,"Yeah, I've used a different brand of ACV and it still worked pretty well. That goes for face and hair!"
OldIndication,95d5kt,Super Easy DIY Box Braids| Rubberband Method|&&&[removed]
Midnight_Moon29,95b35x,"Natural fam, I hate to say this but, I miss the days of how easy it was to put my hair in a pony tail, and just put a bonnet on at night when I sleep-when my hair was relaxed. My texture is tough, I'm not sure exactly what is, but my hair is very thick. I just needed to vent that. "
MisSinterpreter123,95b35x,"You can vent, it's okay just never forget how beautiful your hair is. This may only be because I'm the only natural in my immediate family but I love putting my hair in a ponytail because it's so different than my family's hair. It's thick and curly and when my hair was relaxed, it just looked damaged. 

I've broken a few ponytail holders so I'm only telling you what has worked for me. Snappees and Puffcuffs have helped my hair when I needed a quick and easy style. The snappees are perfect for a quick ponytail because the ponytail holder snaps together and doesn't break. The puffcuff I use if I want a more put together look and tighter fit.

TL; DR: Your hair is beautiful. Use Snappees and/or puffcuff for a quick ponytail."
dannyratio83,95b35x,I'm struggling with mine too. I just pull it into a bun during the week and on weekends I let it do its thing.
Aaaandiiii,957of8,Open up a container of the green kind and you can hear your ears being sizzled off. It's true.
CynicalMiss,957of8,"It’s more of an old school grease to be applied to the scalp for moisturization, not applied to the hair itself. "
GIMMEyourBEAVER,957of8,"So I accidentally bot this blue magic thing&&&I'm in Ethiopia at the moment. I need to spend this excess birr currency before leaving to another country. So I bought many bags of coffee, tea and whatnot. I saw this Blue Magic saying coconut oil, shea butter, jojo bar good stuff hair conditioner. Sounds awesome. I thought it's the ""conditioner"". I washed my hair with shampoo, then put this magic on.. Fuk... I couldn't wash it off ... It's like I just put Vaseline over my hair. I'm still not sure what's it for. Upon googling, it led me here&&&Ah, so it's for bald guy"
gucci-taco,957of8,Yeah almost everyone (who’s black) who’s grown up in America has used this. The smell alone takes me back. I use it sometimes to seal my hair after applying oil and a cream. It’s mostly used to grease your scalp and keep it healthy. 
rnountdiablo,957of8,"The main ingredient is petroleum. It'll leave a thick coat on your hair, and leave it feeling greasy and heavy until you shampoo it out. "
Honeychile6841,9523f2,Try grape seed oil.
KEN_rdt_,9523f2,"HELP: sweet almond oil works for me for like 3 hours.&&&i have a low porosity 4c hair which is almost always very dry. i noticed coconut oil just stays on top, weighs it down and dries it up so i switched to sweet almond oil which gets the job done—but for like 3 hours then my hair dries up again and become very brittle. is it the oil? do i have to reapply it throughout the day? should i change it to an oil heavier than almond oil but lighter than coconut-oil? if so which one?

my routine:

i wash weekly with cantu cleansing shampoo

my conditioner is finished for like 2 months now so i just use the cantu leave in conditioner for men (but it leaves a lot of residue so i mix it with water. it works for like a day sometimes, sometimes it doesn’t)

then i use the oil. 

on normal days i just wet my hair (my hair becomes really soft when i do this), and apply the oil. 

i don’t like using a lot of products, but what am i doing wrong. 

fyi, i’m a male. that’s in advance "
Manai,9523f2,"I also have low porosity hair. I use protein free products as much as possible and avoid putting oil on the strands of my hair. Any heavy oil also sits on my hair too and doesn't moisturize. 

I am using Obia Naturals Babassu Deep Conditioner at the moment. It doesn't smell sweet. If you don't care about smell soultanics has some protein free, low porosity friendly products as well."
Midnight_Moon29,9523f2,"The last time I checked Cantu products have mineral oil and or petrolatum in them, which basically Vaseline. To my understanding that just sits on the top of the hair and aids in residue. Have you tied any other types of natural hair products?"
VOL03,9523f2,"Another suggestion is to try a different shampoo. I remember that cantu shampoo being pretty harsh and stripping. Maybe try a sulfate free shampoo, or a one that has moisturizing in the name. I also wouldn’t skip conditioner because it puts the moisture back in the hair that the shampoo took away. "
herdoftacos,9523f2,"Definitely keep to lighter oils, I personally use avocado. When's the last time you feel conditioned with heat? Heat helps open the hair so more can get in while you feel condition(I personally just put my deep conditioner on and literally saran wrap my head, let it sit for however long, and rinse with COLD or cool water as it'll close the cuticle again). Hot oil works as well, just hear the oil and pop it on. An alternative to that is spraying on warm water then applying the oil, you may have to reapply after that since it may absorb faster. "
ladyAnder,9523f2,"Maybe you should try an oil that not so light. I mean I like sweet almond oil but just too light on it's own. Grapeseed oil like everyone has said is my second oil of choice, my first is sunflower seed oil. Grapeseed oils though is easier to find.

However, it could be your conditioner. I don't often use leave-in conditioners because most of them have protein in them. And for some low porosity hair people like myself, I can't handle a lot of protein. Putting it in daily just makes my hair dry. So most of what I use it protein free. 

I suggest see what happens if you stop using the leave in. Just wet you hair and add oil to it. One most days this is kind of what I do. I've the best hair days when I do that.Sometimes I use aloe vera gel or what I found I like the most is rose water. "
BoxedBoobs,951sus,"TGIN green tea leave-in, The Mane Choice black bottle leave-in (blanking on the actual name), and the goat Kinky Curly knot today leave-in. All work lovely for me and play nicely with any curling cream I’ve ever used. Plus they smell great! "
MisSinterpreter123,951sus,Alikay naturals Lemon grass leave in.
iamgeorgedeleon,951sus,Leave in conditioner&&&What would you recommend for a good leave in conditioner?&&&Ooh nice 
wildhuntressophelia,951sus,The 3 in one conditioner by Mane Choice I think it's called. I wanted to try it but I bought the Egyptian leave in instead and I love it. &&&For a lighter leave in you can try the hair dew by Oyin. 
MisSinterpreter123,950smj,I'm one of those Black girls who can't braid so right now I prefer twists but my braids are getting slighty better. 
