index,id,comments
HelloPandaHello,80a6dq,"Check youtube, there’s a whole bunch of vids on growing edges out there. Recently i came across a video of a woman trying to grow her edges back by shaving everything off. It’s a bit extreme, but it worked for her.

"
Jassitaa,80a6dq,"Help growing back my edges?&&&So the other day while doing my hair, I noticed my left temple was noticeably thin. The right side is kinda thin as well, I remember my mother saying I never had full edges to begin with,  but the left side is bad.     I suppose my go to hairstyle of a bun has turned its back on me lol.  So I’ve been doing massages with JBCO, and I was wondering if anyone else has some tips?  &&&Do they say it helps with growth? Because at this point the loss already happened lol&&&Really ? I wonder how it would work in combination with the JBCO&&&I’ve heard about it, but what is it exactly?"
bluejuiselove,80a6dq,I have heard doing tea rinses with black or green tea will help with stopping hair loss. Not sure if I works though. Was going to try myself
helpme913,80a6dq,I've been using wild growth oil and it's been helping 
lavasca,80a6dq,What aboit rogaine?
thejaseffect,80a6dq,"Oh god, I don’t think I could ever.  Like what do you do while it’s growing back? "
Catwalk-Ave,803c7d,How to dye your hair with HENNA&&&[removed]
jamlesstoast,8033j3,"Crochet braid/braids/faux locks question&&&How do you keep the perimeter of your hair neat?? Maybe it's just my hair that does but **After about 1-2 weeks,**the perimeter of my head looks messy and I have to take the style out. I youtubed stuff before but can't seem to find a solution. I wear a scarf or sleep on silk pillow case. Even before attempting to wash my hair(my hair needs to be washed weekly due to scalp issues), specifically the front my hair looks messy. No gel or edge control seems to the trick lol any suggestions. Note: The perimeter of my hair is coarser and tighter(curl pattern) than the rest.

Edit: spelling "
runchick13,8033j3,I’ve yet to try crochet braids but I’ve watched several videos. Most seem to recommend doing individual box braids on the perimeter instead of the crochet. 
Estrella37,800ce3,Using this too. Love it.
friendlyforreal,800ce3,The [ACV bar](https://www.amazon.com/Wildland-Botanicals-ACV-Shampoo-Bar/dp/B0759ZNGJS/) from Wildlands.  My derm said basically the same thing.  Working for me.
itchyscalpthrowaway,800ce3,"My dermatologist said natural shampoos might help. Need suggestions.&&&My scalp needs help.  I have these little red bumps that are like little zits (sorry to be gross). My dermatologist said it might be the chemicals used in commercial shampoos.  So I'm looking for natural shampoo suggestions so I can see if this is my problem. I just want my scalp normal.
"
ladyAnder,800ce3,"Castile soap or African black soap makes for a decent shampoo. You can add whatever oil and essential oil you like to make them more moisturizing/beneficial. 

However, what I use to wash my hair most of the time is clay. Clay mixed with apple cider vinegar is like the best thing I've found to wash my hair with. If you have sensitive skin, I recommend Rhassoul clay or Moroccan red clay. While bentonite clay is wonderful, it might be a bit much for sensitive skin as I've found.  "
lavasca,800ce3,Try Bentonite clay.
rawrtits,800ce3,"I think I'm sensitive to the SLS and silicones in most shampoos/conditioners and I know propylene glycol is a common irritant in shampoos. I've had really good luck using Dr. Bronner's castile soap, but it's really drying and you need to dilute/condition well/not use it too often. "
Robinspeakeasy,7zrjmv,"Wow I wish teenage me was as motivated as you are, you should be proud of yourself.

Can you do a basic braid? If so then plain box braids are the same. Making sure they don’t fall out is easy; the tricky part is making each braid taper smoothly, no ends sticking out. I find it’s easier and more durable if you twist your own hair first, instead of adding the extension to it loose."
bluejay_feather,7zrjmv,"How to do your own box braids?&&&Hey everybody. So I’m officially sick of spending all of my money getting box braids 🙄 in the country I live in it can cost 400+ dollars and as a teen with noooo income I really can’t justify that. I want to do my own braids at home but I’m kinda clueless and I don’t want them to look crappy.

Anybody who does their own box braids have any tips/tricks?? It would be much appreciated. If you’ve found any videos you think are good on the subject, I’m open to anything really.

Thank you guys 💕&&&Thank you :) that’s super helpful &&&I’ll try that out! 😊"
keto_name0529,7zrjmv,Watch Mrs. Breanna Rutter (How To Black Hair) on YT. She does tons of different hair tutorials in great detail. I learned to do my own twists a few years ago watching her.
tc88,7zrjmv,"I've been seeing a lot of videos that use the ""rubber band method"", they say it makes it easier to grip your own hair. "
wildhuntressophelia,7zrjmv,This is true. She has one of the best and most detailed tutorials. 
DaisyDej,7znoy2,"Maybe not what you’re looking for, but I think you should do your hair however you want. If braids work for you and you think they look good, do that. Braids are a fantastic protective style especially if you’re dealing with humidity. "
MutinyGMV,7znoy2,"Don't give into this ""cultural appropriation"" bullshit. It's based on people's ASSUMPTIONS about why you do what you do. I don't see any of these so-called ""nu black"" moral crusaders slicing off their Chinese character tattoos.

You like it? Think it looks good on you? Ok, do it! Plus, you're a latina, if you black enough for the police, you black enough to have braids :)"
Robinspeakeasy,7znoy2,"Since when was it cultural appropriation for Puerto Ricans with visible African ancestry to get box braids? Smh. I see how it could be complicated but the tent should be inclusive...

If box braids work for you go for it."
TheYellowRose,7znoy2,Are you a super white-looking Puerto Rican or more mixed/black? I know some very white puertoriqueños but of course their hair is bone straight
epiklyy,7znoy2,"Protective styles that don't appropriate&&&Hi everyone!! I have mostly 3c hair with a few 4as around. My hair is mid back length when wet (where my bra band is) and shoulder length when dry

I am planning on taking a two week trip to the Philippines where it will be hot, humid, and all around icky. I also don't want to fill a bag with so many hair products as I will also be taking alot of things with me back home. (I need the space!)

For protective styling it's been just buns and three strand braids for me, but I am looking for something more long term. Even with my silk pillowcases and silk headwraps I knot VERY easily. Even after a trim there is something about my hair that is prone to knots. I will have completely detangled my hair, and gone to work,and when I get back the friction from my hair down my back causes me to knot. I'll have 6 or 7 that I have to spot detangle

My question is not really simple but I'll sum it up

I need a long term protective style (but not a sew in. I have had one only once before and it was so itchy) as much as I would love to do braids I have had a few discussions with friends about cultural appropriation and braids. Since I am not a black woman, some have suggested I don't do it, and I respect their suggestions (I am Latina, just a regular Puerto Rican. ) 

Is there any way to do a long term (meaning maybe a month max) protective style that would be appropriate?


Sorry for the long question.  
&&&No worries! I'm always willing to listen to people opinions if I'm asking for them! 


It's something I try and take seriously, as it is never my intent to hurt or offend anyone.

&&&I'm pretty light skinned but I don't look white I definitely don't look white haha. I don't think I could be white passing even with my hair straightened "
kissed_aRoosevelt,7znoy2,"Wear the braids girl! First off if someone is offended they can go sit in the corner and cry, don't let it bother you. Second you're going to the Philippines, I promise you that no one there is going to care about appropriating hair styles. 

All the girls on ship did cornrows on deployment and the black girls were happy to braid up the other colors no matter what the color cause at the end of the day guess what? We all know how hard it is to travels for extended times an while still taking good care of our hair AND looking decent.

Go get you some braids and rock them!"
kittkatbarrs,7znoy2,Wear braids if you want to you can also throw a wig on them braids then you've got tons of options.
wesmellthecolor9,7znoy2,"As a Dominican, I can assure you that you are just as black as any other mixed person in America. If you have hair that requires a protective style... you're afro-latina. Our islands were colonized by the Spanish and our countries had just as many slaves (sometimes more) imported as the US. 

That being said do what makes you feel most comfortable and is best for your hair. Box braids are a great option, I've personally worn cornrows for about three weeks."
Misrobrts723327,7zbbxs,"My favorite dye Ion color Brilliance, Watch me dye my natural hair!!&&&[removed]"
Misrobrts723327,7zb6e1,"Shea Moisture smooth and tame! Finger coil out, bomb results! I literally could have worn this for another week😍&&&[removed]"
HelloPandaHello,7z6xsw,"Winter hair care?&&&What’s a good regimen for (3c/4a) natural hair during COLD winter days? I usually wash once or twice a week, condition, DC for about 30 mins and then LOC using cantu’s leave in conditioning repair cream, grapeseed oil and ghee. 
This routine worked for me untill days started getting colder. Now my hair looks dry and feels rough. Also the amount of breakage is terrible. 
What else can i do? What are your winter hair care secrets/ pro tips?&&&Thanks i will give this a try! What oil do u use for this?"
MoreSmoresPlease,7z6xsw,"I apply a little oil to the tips of my fingers, warm it up, then work it gently into the tips and dry areas.  Works."
justswimfree,7z6xsw,"Keep your hair protected! Wear twists, braids, etc. It protects your hair from breaking. Also I personally just not to manipulate my hair as much in the winter because it is more fragile. I’ll wash it less and keep it in protective hairstyles longer. "
kissed_aRoosevelt,7z6xsw,"Protective style ftw. Braids, twists, wig, sew in. What about you the moisture level in your house? Maybe you have a lot of dry hot forced air going on and maybe a humidifier might help? Wrap it at night and that can be as simple as throwing a satin bonnet on (I can't WRAP my hair to save my life!). Check out your hair type and regauge whether you might need to switch up the routine in winter (low porosity or high and streamlining your product choice a bit more). You said you are deep conditioning but I went years doing this with just leaving the product to sit on my head...are you deep conditioning under a dryer? That could make all the difference. Maybe wash half as often in winter? What type of shampoo? Have you hopped on the sulfate free band wagon yet?

Just my thoughts. Good luck!"
GiantMeteor2017,7z20na,"It's possible it may play a part.. How do you style your hair before you wrap it?
I wrap my hair pretty much daily, but I have it in two strand twists. I do use the LCO method instead of LOC, and I find that it helps to keep my hair feeling hydrated longer (especially in the dry climate I live in) despite wrapping it daily."
LumosMaximus1,7z20na,"Could this be the cause of my dry, brittle hair?&&&A few months ago I figured out my porosity, got some good products, and my hair was feeling great. But come November, I decided to start wearing headwraps and hats all day, every day, because I thought it would protect my hair from the harsh winter elements.

But every time I unwrap my hair at the end of the day, it's dry, brittle, and crappy, no matter how much product I put on before I wear my head covering. 

Now I'm starting to wonder: is covering my head so much the direct cause of my hair's dryness? Is it sucking up all of the moisture or something? 

I'm getting frustrated because I thought I was doing my hair good, but all I have now is dryness, knots, split ends, and lots of breakage. &&&Ahh this is a really good point.

I have short hair, so I just keep my hair out and plop the head wrap on top so I guess a low maintenance wash n go. 

Twists would be a great idea. How long do you leave yours in?"
nightmooth,7z20na,"It depend on the fabric . I know wool, cotton dried up natural hair . If you want to keep wearing hat the best is to wrap with like a satin, silk fabric then put your hat/scarf. "
unwaveringwish,7z20na,This is likely the exact issue. Cotton absorbs moisture
antlion16,7z1xge,"I've used it and had no issues, I would say not to let it dry all the way because it can be hard to get it all rinsed out and I personally felt like it was a little drying, but it did make my curls more defined. "
carelesswhisperr,7z1xge,"All positive experience here, for hair and face. Never seen my curls pop more tbh. 
Dunno what's up with the Amazon reviews? Is this Aztec bentonite clay you purchased? "
jamlesstoast,7z1xge,"Bentonite Clay?&&&I ordered bentonite clay weeks ago. Specifically for my scalp and hair. Haven't used it because the latest amazon reviews for it has me nervous. What's your experience? Watched some YouTube videos about it weeks ago and how it ""defined curls"" and ""clarified scalp well.
___

**Edit: Thank you all for the input! Tried it last week and my skin and scalp liked it! Made my hair soft too! Didn't seen much of a difference in curl pattern definition though. All in all, I can't wait to use on my face again!!**&&&Yes. I purchased the Aztec bentonite clay. The recent reviews seem pretty negative :/ is that the one you purchased as well? may I ask what's your skin type? I have combination skin and was curious as to using it as a skin mask as well. "
ladyAnder,7z1xge,"I've not had any real negative experience with using bentonite clay only that I found it drying after continuous use over time.  I suppose, it was just a little too much for me. Granted to correct the drying that it did to my hair wasn't hard. Just stop using clay for every wash. I either co-wash or use apple cider vinegar.  I have switched to another clay. Now I use Moroccan red clay.  I also use it as a facial mask. And of all the clays I've used to this point, it's the best. Note, I do have sensitive skin."
nightmooth,7z1xge,"Same experience as carelesswhispers . Curls pop. My hair was not dry after ( but I prepoo) and super clean . For the face im combo, it’s really good i dont even bother to buy fancy mask or something green clay works wonders . I have the french green clay from Cattier. "
