index,id,comments
Robinspeakeasy,7yjhjy,"I had the same problem and am still struggling with it to some extent.

The key is to be as gentle as possible so your ends are preserved as new growth comes in. It’s great you already do that with protective styling, but it might not be enough, especially as I find the longer your hair gets, the gentler handling and strategy is required to see progress.

For instance, do you use detangling tools? Switching to finger detangling 95% of the time, combined with protective styling, was probably the most important factor that helped me retain length. I gained 2.5” in 6-7 months, which is about the same retention I gained from 3 years of box braids alone.

Also really pay attention to your moisture routine and when to use certain products. Are you high porosity? If so, then you are more prone to breakage than normal, so you might want to use coconut oil the night before washday rather than for sealing, because it reduces the risk of breakage from water (yes, water can lead to breakage).

Now however I am at collarbone/grazing armpit and it feels like I’ve hit a plateau. Will read answers to your thread with interest."
kimberlyjackson98,7yjhjy,"BIOTIN! I love biotin has helped my hair grow 4” in one year, I take the 10,000mcg and it’s about $13. It’s a vitamin that helps with hair and nail growth, be prepared because it will help ur hair grow on ur body! I shave a lot but I love my hair now! "
mimixoxo2020,7yjhjy,Moisturize your hair with water and oils or creams depends on your hair type and what it likes. French braid (corn row)  your hair  as a protective style wear satin scarfs nightly or get a satin pillow it protects your hair from breaking. Make sure you wash you hair and deep condition it as needed... again some naturals can wash their hair every other day some once every two weeks etc. goes back to what your specific hair likes make sure your not applying heat to your hair or dyeing it constantly.  If you hair is long enough you can put it in a loose low bun so it’s not pulling on your edges. This is also a protective style. You can also braid your hair down and put a stocking cap on and wear wigs until you start seeing some growth. (Hand in fro syndrome) also causes breakage as well.  Basically the key is low maintenance. The less you touch your hair the more it grows. 🙃 hopefully this helps. I’ve been natural all of my life and now I’m transitioning into locs 😁
nightmooth,7yjhjy,"I know braids are not for everyone. In your post you don't talk about a routine, do you have one ? If you hair are the same length is because your ends are too weak and persist to break it off. So protect your ends every time you feel they are dry. /u/mimixoxo2020's comment is great about protective style, and deep conditionner is important. Do it every wash day. I know this is difficult but don't be lazy, beautiful hair is like working out, persistance is key. 

I don't know your hair but my hair routine : (i'm below armpit length, nearly 2 and half hear natural, 4c in the front, middle and back are a mix of 4b/4c)

Wash day : prepoo with olive oil, shampoo with green clay and avc, deep conditionner with olive oil + honey and I add Indian powder like amla, brahmi or shikaikai (this is optionnal) / I moisturize with Cantu argan oil leave, I add grapseed oil to my scalp and the middle of my hair. And shea butter on my ends ( this the part of your hair you need to focus on ) 

Twist out my hair to keep the moisture and have them stretched

After 3 days, i spray my hair with water and essential oil (tee tree for my scalp)
I seal with grapseed oil and shea butter ( my ends again) sometimes i put grease , it seems to work. 

Always in protective style ( Crown braids, non tight bun) 

And voilà , I hope it's help and if you have the same hair type and porosity as your sister maybe try to do the same for a moment ? 

"
theprincessdiana,7yjhjy,"Not retaining length&&&Okay. My hair has been the same length for YEARS now. Its been about 3 yrs since I went natural. The first year, I was able to grow my hair to about ear length. The second year, its about 2 inches from the bottom of my neck/collarbone. In the front, its right past my top lip. (Btw this is the longest its ever been in my life)

My thing is, is that I cannot get it past this length. I mostly think its my fault but want extra opinions and advice. First, for the 3 years, i was in high school and cared a lot about my physical looks. That being said. I basically have worn braids for three years as a protective style (getting it redone about every 3-4 months). I honestly think I neglected my hair in braids which is why I couldn’t retain length.

In one semester of college last year, I didn’t wear braids and i think my edges and hair grew a fair amount. After that i wore braids for 2 more semesters. And here i am now. I haven’t worn braids since December of last year and I believe my hair is growing little by little. 

But for the life of me, I can’t get it past my neck. I remember reading that it’s usually hard to get hair past this length due to it rubbing on clothes and exposing old ends to abrasive surfaces. 

Please give me some tips of what to do. 

Also, i know this is not genetic since my sister was able to pull through this challenge. &&&I don’t remember what i did specifically back then but i know i did everything since i was so excited about going natural. 

Alot of things i did, I can’t do now. Like deep conditioning everyday. 

My routine now is really simple, maybe too simple: moisturize with water, then put oil (its a store bought mixture but ill be making my own soon next time i go to the store) after i seal with a cream (also store bought, i might just use shea butter). I deep condition at the end of each week. 
"
AdamantiumFoil,7ygydh,"This exactly. Please take them out as soon as you possibly can! Pain and open wounds from styling is never, ever okay."
Hotsos23,7ygydh,"Box Braid Bumps??&&&Hi Guys, so I just got box braids for the first time in about a year. I've been going to the same stylist to get my hair in Senegalese twists over the last 6 months and I haven't had any issues. However, 3 days ago she did box braids with my hair for the first time, and I've had pain ever since. At first it was a burning itching sensation and I thought it might be the chemicals in the synthetic hair. So I did an apple cider vinegar wash and it helped a little. Now I have sores on my scalp and bumps around my edges. It's starting to hurt less over time but these bumps won't go away. Will they heal overtime? Should I take the hair out? Please help!"
faerykid,7ygydh,Take it out!! It's too tight! It can damage your hair and make it break off if its so tight :-(
macismycrack,7ygydh,"This  has happened to me. This is because your hair was braided too tight. I took off the braids in the back that was irritating me and waited like a week and a half till I rebraid the braids. I would take it off because you can permanently damage your roots. Then I would ice it to help with inflammation. Next time let your hairdresser what happened and to braid less tight. Good luck🙏🏾
Edit: Grammar"
25_timesthefine,7y4t54,"I have an issue with leaving product on the scalp. If it’s not washed out properly, it can cause product buildup. I noticed you said you didn’t have to oil your hair this week, maybe the lack of oils caused your scalp to get dry? Also, maybe you can try to not get the As I Am on you scalp,  just on your hair to see if that helps any. Hope this helps!"
AdamantiumFoil,7y4t54,"My hair loves it... my scalp not so much&&&I used As I Am coconut cowash last weekend - fastest I've ever detangled my hair - and my hair is still amazingly soft a week later, and so moisturized. My hair has never loved another product like this, and I've tried cowashing with a lot of different products. I didn't even have to spritz my hair, apply oil, or anything this week.

However! My scalp has been pretty itchy and flaky, especially around my hairline. I stopped using coconut oil a while ago because I figured it was the culprit last time my scalp was itchy. I'm at a loss! Does anyone have any ideas for how I might make this product work for me, or should I just toss it out and mourn what might have been? Has this happened to anyone else?&&&I don't normally oil my scalp at all. I just spritz my hair with water and re-seal the ends with a small amount of oil... maybe I should keep doing it, though. I'll give your recommendation a shot, thank you!&&&I'll give it a shot! Thank you for the suggestion."
GiantMeteor2017,7y4t54,Only product of theirs that works for me is their hydration elation. That ish is the bomb as far as detangling and softening my hair! 
UpToNoGood934,7y4t54,I use it the night before or after my shampoo days. That way my scalp is scrubbed and clean before or after applying the co wash. 
bluejuiselove,7y4t54,Use the product on your hair only and shampoo your scalp directly. Maybe this will help?
roastedalmondsplease,7y4t54,"If you’re willing to try an entirely different product, use Aussie Moist conditioner!!! It’s been a staple for 3 years now AND I can easily detangle my tresses."
JcSimba,7y36xc,"When to detangle hair&&&I’ve already known how to detangle hair but was confused about when.
Do I detangle my hair before I shampoo/ deep condition or after?
Do I detangle when my hair is dry or wet?
"
LalaDub,7y36xc,I second what /u/tacosarentgreen says. Lots of people use a cheap conditioner for that part since it’ll be rinsed out and use a good leave in after that.
Robinspeakeasy,7y36xc,"Detangle whenever your hair needs it, meaning whenever you find a knot.

If you rock protective styles you should be able to go at least a week without detangling (tucked buns) and up to 2-3 months (marley braids), because the style keeps your hair in a stretched state, which prevents it from coiling around itself.

If you wear your hair out expect to find knots more often. When I wore a fro every day I would get knots within hours of detangling.

Everyone has a preference with wet and dry detangling. I prefer to do it dry but moisturized, because water makes it shrink (read: tangle)."
peechie,7y36xc,I detangle before I wash! I used kinky curly Knot Today. Trying to detangle wet hair sounds like a nightmare to me 
thjourneywithin,7y36xc,Thirded! Only I never use a comb. I detangle gently with my fingers. If it starts to get too difficult to detangle with my fingers I know my hair is due for a trim. 
penguincatcher8575,7xxoyi,What is your current hair routine?
seremoe,7xxoyi,"First time on reddit, important question&&&Okay guys, I need some help with my hair and have no one else to ask. 
So in June of 2016, my mom cut my hair (which had previously been relaxed for the entirety of my life). She did a ‘big chop’ because she wanted my hair to grow back longer, but still planned on using relaxers/texturizers in my hair. So from June 2016 to August 2017, my hair has only grown like less than a centimeter and I feared it was because of the relaxers and texturizers. So, i decided to stop using them, go completely natural and started keeping my hair in braids (protective styling) more often. However, I dont know whether I should cut some of my hair off again because it seems really brittle and fried, even after about 5 months post relaxer. Do you guys have any natural hair products to recommend that will bring back moisture to my hair? (type 4)."
