index,id,comments
ParticularYouth,83ou1a,No photo?
sandysees,83ou1a,"Aussie Miracle Curls Creme Pudding - LOVE, LOVE, LOVE IT!!!!&&&The only product I’ve ever used that leaves my hair thoroughly moisturized, detangled and beautifully defined is the Aussie Miracle Curls line. Even better, it does not irritate my scalp. 

I’ve been natural since 2013 and have tried nearly every hair care product in every Target, Walmart, CVS, Walgreens,  online and at Sally’s Beauty Supply Store. I have skin allergies to products made with nuts, wheat, eggs, corn or dairy. It’s so bad that my scalp will burn and bald spots will grow if I overindulge in a product that works great on my hair but has an allergen in it. Then I tried Aussie Curls Creme Pudding and loved the many compliments I received on my hair. I work in a professional office setting and the Creme Pudding always leaves my wash-and-go looking well styled. I feel prettier and more confident knowing my hair won’t look unkempt or messy as it dries throughout the day. I’ve tried the entire line and love the Pudding and leave-in detangling milk the best.  For just under $5 a jar, they make my basic, quick, lazy, low maintenance type 4 wash & go’s look like styled twist outs. 

The only bad thing is that I go through a jar a week and feel guilty recycling so many jars. I wish there was something I could do to repurpose them or that they came in biodegradable packaging. Also, I can currently only find these at Target stores which means I have to buy out every single jar on the shelves when I go shopping. Luckily, I sometimes get free gift cards if they’re part of a store special.

[Aussie Miracle Curls Creme Pudding](https://www.target.com/p/aussie-miracle-curls-cr-232-me-pudding-7-6-fl-oz/-/A-52861082?ref=tgt_adv_XS000000&AFID=google_pla_df&CPNG=PLA_Health+Beauty+Shopping&adgroup=SC_Health+Beauty&LID=700000001170770pgs&network=g&device=m&location=9001896&gclid=EAIaIQobChMI9cSttfXk2QIVgbrACh3bOA7zEAQYAiABEgLy1_D_BwE&gclsrc=aw.ds) "
wesmellthecolor9,83ou1a,"Maybe I’m cynical but this lowkey sounds like an ad lol 

But fuck it, the shill worked I’m probably going to try it..."
Leshbian,83lhuj,"Thanks for the tips! I have low density 4a/b BSL hair, and I won't go anywhere near it without a spray bottle and some conditioner with slip! The only thing I would add is regular trimming. I'm also low maintenance and wore my hair in Wash-n-go's for like 6 months straight and I got lots of split ends and single strand knots. My hair was super hard to detange until I trimmed a few inches off. I learned a life lesson though: protective styles are you friend!

PS: it's SOOO refreshing to see a text post in this sub. It seems like lately people just drop youtube videos in here and they're always like 8+ minutes covering a small amount of information and 99% of the time I'm just not willing to make that investment. If I was, I'd be on YouTube, not here! 

Edit; wow so apparently I haven't been in this sub reddit in a WHILE, I just saw the stickied post about filtering youtube and text posts only. Thank you Mods!!! "
graceambie,83lhuj,Thanks for the tips - they sound super helpful! 
marilyn_redette,83lhuj,"Does your hair tangle easily? This may help…&&&Things to know about me: I am an African American woman with natural hair. My hair type is probably like a 3c-4a (kinky-curly) type of situation and quite thick. I’ve been dealing with depression for about four or five years now and sometimes that just makes it hard for you to do things that you know you should be doing for yourself. So, sometimes my hair can get pretty severely  tangled.

Usually I wash my hair once a week. I am very low maintenance when it comes to my hair. Style wise, it’s usually in a high poof or a twist-out. I straighten it a few times a year.

 

These are just some tips and tools that are helpful to me and I think they may be useful for anyone—regardless of hair type.

Tip Number 1: Water is your Friend.

Personally, I start the detangling process in the shower. The water helps to weigh my hair down. I let the water completely saturate my hair. And then apply conditioner.

Products I’d suggest:Aussie Mega Moist Conditioner. It’s one of my go to product because it’s inexpensive and it works. But I’m sure any conditioner that you choose will do fine.

Tip Number 2: Start from the bottom.

It is always best and less painful if you start detangling your hair in manageable sections starting at the ends and working your way to the roots.

If you are good at finger detangling, that’s awesome—I am not. Nor do I have the patience. I use a detangling brush. You could also use a shower/wide tooth comb.

Products I’d suggest: Denman Cushion Brush Nylon Bristles, 7-Row; FULL SIZE RUBBER BASE STYLER by Goody; Goody Ouchless Detangler Comb.

These tips are for out of the shower. Because I realize showering just to do your hair isn’t always an option.

Tip Number 3 ( 1?): Water is your friend.

Outside of the shower water is still your friend. I would suggest a good spray bottle that sprays a mist instead of a stream. It helps products penetrate your hair better.

Products I’d suggest: XHI Professional Works Magic Aero Mist Spray Bottle;  Tolco Empty Spray Bottle.

Tip Number 4: Use a good detangling spray or lotion.

Using a leave-in detangling spray or lotion helps with slip and helps reduce breakage.

Products I’d suggest: Kinky-Curly’s Knot Today Leave In Conditioner; Miss Jessie’s Leave In Condish; Not Your Mother’s Kinky Moves Curl Defining Detangler.

Tip Number 5: King Satin

In order to help your hair to keep from getting tangled, at night, I would suggest sleeping on a silk or satin-textured pillowcase, head scarf, or bonnet.

Products I’d suggest:  Schwarzkopf BC Bonacure Repair Rescue Luxury Satin Pillowcase; Women’s Large Satin Square Silk Feeling Hair Scarf; Stay On Satin Edge Bonnet.

I think that’s it. I hope this information helps someone. Feel free to comment if you have questions or suggestions.
*please follow my blog https://wp.me/P9GHXS-L *
Suggested Earworm: Too Shy by Kajagoogoo"
AfricanBread,83ixan,If you are losing patience get a biotin supplement it helps your hair grow so fast. I use the 10000 mcg version.
kammithekiller,83ixan,"Thats some reallllllly long hair dude. just dont lose patience, thats the #1. Keep your hair moisturized (I know you'll hear this a TON because its important) Kept wrapped at night (durags are fine) because especially when its short- it can be easy to damage/dry it out while sleeping. once its long enough you'll probably want to keep it braided because its a protective style and will keep it ....protected lol.   trim off dead ends- I used to do it every month if I had any, you can probably wait longer.

and again- be patient- everyones hair grows at different speeds- and at a certain length you're gonna SWEAR its just not growing- but it will."
theshawnnick,83ixan,"Fresh Start [18M]&&&Today I went and got all my hair cut off and I now have a shaved head. I did it because my hair was dry, brittle and weak at the roots. I want to start working on growing my curly afro which I know is gonna take a while. How should I work towards getting one now that I am clean shaven? Here's a picture of the hairstyle I'm working towards. I know it's ridiculous but it's a long term goal of mine. Probably like two years down the road. Maybe three.

https://imgur.com/a/9gXPd&&&Alright. That picture is a bit of an exaggeration. I mostly am focusing on keeping it curly. Are two strand twists a reliable protective hairstyle because I don't really have a way to get my hair braided when it grows. "
BoxedBoobs,83gu0p,"I’ve had success retaining length without the overuse of wigs and weaves. When I first went natural I had a 5 year span where flat twists and twist outs were my thing and my hair grew a lot but I eventually decided to cut it because I wasn’t regularly trimming it and it lead to uneven growth. What was key for me during that time for length retention was great products which took a ridiculous amount of trial and error. Curl box was good to try new stuff without feeling like I was wasting my money, although when they sent me a box full of stuff I could have gotten out of CVS I stopped. 

Anyhow, yes, it’s possible. A good moisturizing routine and low manipulation styles that will help you maintain the stretch are key since type 4 is so prone to shrinkage. If you feel like you’ve hit a wall take progress pics with your hair twisted out, because even at my longest my type 4 hair freshly washed and dried with no product or manipulation looked the same as my hair at its shortest in a TWA. "
Missandei_19,83gu0p,Growing natural hair without using protective styling&&&I have natural 4c/4b hair and I would like to be able to wear my hair as it is. I also am trying to grow my hair longer. Has anyone had success with retaining length without using braids or weaves and wigs? Do you have any tips? 
Robinspeakeasy,83gu0p,"Depends on what you mean by retain length.

For me it takes little effort and time to go from TWA to neck length. I can comb it every day, sleep on cotton every night, use sulfate conditioner and never protective style — it will get there eventually.

But retaining length below the neck requires frequent protective styling (as in braids, cornrows, twists). I have found protective styling, combined with finger detangling, seems to make it drastically easier to preserve my ends. Twistouts and braidouts over time are too much manipulation unfortunately.

Edit: I have 4c hair."
bbcreampapapa,83gu0p,"I have 4b (a lil 4a on the top) hair and I strictly do wash n go’s. Deep condition weekly, get a good leave in and styler,  don’t play in your hair too much, and detangle gently. I finger detangle, I thought it was impossible for me for the longest time but it’s a dream when you use a good conditioner. I use Camille roses’s Moroccan pear conditioning custard. Also avoid excess heat. "
destinye90,83gu0p,What do you use for your wash n go’s?
ladyAnder,83gu0p,"I purely wear flat twists and two strand twist outs. In fact, I've done this who natural thing without doing all of that. Hair growth was slow earlier on as I did a lot of trial and error to figure out what my hair likes. 

 The only thing about this way is that you can't be lazy I suppose.  You need to keep it moisturized above all else. And I'm not saying you need layer your hair with products all the time. I discovered that drinking water helps with this a lot. Protecting you hair at night does as well. Exercise believe it or not does wonders too. 

Keeping it trimmed is important too. As well as de-tangling and keeping my hair stretched. The shrinkage is real for me. "
ivanharrison61,83gfqu,"Thinning hair and hair loss can be caused by a variety of internal and external factors. However, the most common cause of male and female pattern baldness is genetics.&&&[removed]"
justswimfree,83g2ad,"Honestly if you feel comfortable enough cut off those ends. They are just weighing down your hair and preventing it from fully thriving. Wear protective hairstyles, don’t manipulate your hair a lot. Use heat in moderation, and use satin scarves or pillow cases.

Some products I like are the TGIN honey miracle mask, TGIN green tea leave in and the their butter cream. Deep condition weekly or bi weekly. Also like the shea moisture JCBO shampoo. I deep condition after I shampoo and I do the LCO method to moisturize after washing I’ll twist my hair to keep it protect. Now these products are expensive but some cheaper ones are the Cantu products. 

Also I would recommend to find out your porosity because it would help you find out what products would work best."
tranquiltb,83g2ad,"Need advice on going natural.&&&I had no intentions of going natural but I haven’t gotten a perm since October and my hair is breaking and thinning. Although, the roots are already growing thicker. 

So what can I do to continue growing stronger and natural hair? :)
Any recommendations on products? 
&&&I don’t think I’m brave enough to cut the ends yet lol. Thank you for the recommendations, I’ll have to do some research! "
Fern-rae,83f4eu,How do I wrap a scarf with the small knot in front?&&&I have a photo to attach for reference. I can only ever tie large knots. I need help :(
HairBeautyGuru,836bir,NATURAL HAIR HORROR STORY&&&[removed]
marykateweb,8355u6,Coulouring my hair with red henna / VOONO&&&[removed]
RenebladeZ,82l8l4,"Totally feel you there. Started in April 2017, I still struggle. Pinterest has been best so far. "
kammithekiller,82l8l4,no offense intended to anyone but I got hella frustrated last year when I started my locs because most search and video results and reddit posts were for non black hair :/
sandysees,82l8l4,Googled “natural hair hairstyles” and...&&&a picture of Emma Stone came up 😂
NoFilterFun,82kvbb,"Wash and Go's&&&I've always had trouble with the term ""wash and go"" on natural hair because I feel there is more that 2 steps to complete the process. Lol. 
But my question is: Did any of you have to end up getting a good shaped hair cut to get your hair to look right? My hair looks a hot mess when I try to do any kind of wash and go or twist out style. &&&Cool. I have an appointment next week. I’m figuring I’m just needing a good shaping. Thanks for the input. "
ladyAnder,82kvbb,"Ha, I don't do wash n go's just because my hair becomes a tangled mess and I'm not going to bother with a thousand step method to make it work for 4c hair. I will rock twist outs. And to be honest, they stated looking better when my hair got longer in the front and sides. For awhile, I just had this awkward length of being short and not medium length as it is right now. My hair didn't lay right. "
TheSaiyanXIII,82ipvh,A Hair Journey?&&&[removed]
ApprehensiveKangaroo,82ccmi,Natural Hair Youtuber&&&[removed]
