index,id,comments
iownakeytar,7w666n,"When I was in the beginning stages of transitioning, I used a lot of [cloth headbands](http://www.afrobella.com/wp-content/afrobella%20images/iridescent-paisley-soft-headband.jpg) and [scarves](https://youngfabulousandnatural.files.wordpress.com/2012/01/headband.jpg) to keep my hair back and partially cover the transitioning parts. I found lots of pretty patterned scarves in different colors at various thrift shops for really cheap, and I always got compliments on them. I still wear them from time to time. 

I think a satin scrunchie would cause the least amount of damage, but that all depends on how long your hair is."
ladyAnder,7w666n,"I don't think pulling you hair back would be a problem. The only thing to worry about is tension and material of what you are using. 

You don't want your hair pulled back too tight because that causes hair loss at your edges. 

As for what you can use. From what I gathered, no rubber bands or elastic that isn't wrapped completely around something else. 

And between a scrunchie and a hair tie, I'll take a scrunchie. "
mimixoxo2020,7w666n,If you put it in a loose bun with your ends protected you should be fine. Now if you pull it tight be conscious of your edges. 
misszoeline,7w666n,"I pull my hair back all the time too, because I have to for work. What I do when I feel like I've been doing the same thing for too long is I put in smalll/mini twists and then wear those pinned back instead of wrapped with a hair tie (my hair is wayyyy too think to just pin in its natural state). That seems to help give my hair a rest, it's a protective style that I can wear for a week or two, I can re-moisturize easily, and it's easy access to my scalp. In reply to your other question further down, almost anything is better than the hair ties with metal!! They definitely rip/break your hair. Ribbon ties are great, they're cheap--especially if you make your own--and you can buy them just about anywhere. "
mistyokmon,7w666n,"Pulling my hair back all the time be okay for my hair&&&I’m in my transitioning stages so my wash and go’s aren’t the best and even when they are decent, my hair looks stingy and flat and no thats not how my hair is since it wasn’t like that before the dammage and the top of my hair is thick, but when it goes down, it gets stringy and whispy. I just want to wear my hair in a protective style. I suck at styling hair and just want to pull it back. However I worry if that will be damaging cause the scrunchie might eventually put stress on my hair and cause breakage &&&Is scrunchie more preferred than a hair tie (without the metal piece)&&&Can you show mean example of how you wear your hair. It’s hard to imagine it lol"
Robinspeakeasy,7w2lty,3a/3b
hanap8127,7w2lty,3b? It might get tighter. 
iownakeytar,7w2lty,You didn't post a picture or anything to judge your curl pattern by.
mimixoxo2020,7w2lty,3b 
mistyokmon,7w2lty,"What is my curl pattern?&&&I’m still in the transitioning stages, but I finally got my wash and go to look decent. What do you think is my curl pattern? 3b? 3c?

https://imgur.com/a/eqx1R&&&Omg I forgot to post it!

https://imgur.com/a/eqx1R"
HopefulUnion,7w0ra2,">Ajaá Naturals Growth Serum

is this the correct spelling? cant seem to find it "
NeonTaterTots,7w0ra2,"Thanks for the honest answer! &&&This is a good question,  my hair got thinner from psoriasis but idk what kind to use either "
TooPeace,7w0ra2,I think castor oils work best when mixed with other oils.  I've been using Ajaá Naturals Growth Serum. It's base is castor oil and has a bunch of other things in it that promote growth and healthy hair
blackmagickchick,7w0ra2,"Does it matter what type of castor oil you use?&&&So I did the big chop again and I'm trying to restart my hair routine. Before I was using castor oil and I'm wondering if the type matter. I just used basic cold pressed that I found at CVS, but I've noticed that the are brands specifically for you hair. So should I look into that or keep with what I had been doing in the past?"
bluejuiselove,7w0ra2,"For me, my hair reacts very differently to cold pressed castor and jamaican black castor. It favors the JBC oil, so there is a bit of a difference in quality. Ultimately, you have to find what your hair likes better."
himalayansaltlight,7w0ra2,"I use Sunny Isle Lavender JBCO (usually get it from target, but I've found it at TJ Maxx), and LOVE it. When I don't have time to run to target, but I'm in Whole Foods, I use their brand's castor oil. It's cheap and good quality. Regardless of the castor oil I'm using (I honestly cannot tell you if there is a difference), I add essential oils like lavender, rosemary, or peppermint. "
ladyAnder,7w0ra2,"I've used yellow and Jamaican black castor oil and to tell you the truth, I really didn't find much difference between them. 

The only real difference is how they are made. Both are cold presses oils, the only thing that makes jbco difference it that roasted castor bean ash is added to the oil. Does this do anything different? Well, there is no scientific proof there's a difference, so you decide what works better. 
 
The only thing to really consider when buying castor oil is brand, bottling, and what else it contains. You really want to go for oil that's stores in a dark bottle. Not a complete requirement but light, mostly sunlight causes oil to deteriorate. Brand because quality matters and you don't want any unnecessary chemicals, fillers and things that don't work for your hair. 

Personally, with oils, I go as pure as I can get. So I just get organic castor oil because it's actually a lot easier than for me to get JBCO. Cheaper too. If I do get a chance to get the latter, I'll get it. I like that roasted smell it has. XD"
JcSimba,7vkjmm,"Moisturizing products and tips for 4c low porosity?&&&I want to start using the LCO method more but I don’t know where to start with the products, tips?"
Opal_L,7vkjmm,"Africa Shea butter, Blue magic "
jamlesstoast,7vkjmm,"I have type 4 hair. For the LCO method I use:
L- Shea Moisture JBCO Leave in
C-African Shea Butter
O- alternate between Jojoba oil, Olive oil and Coconut oil.

My hair isn't fully low porosity(I have multiple porosities in my hair, so you might need a lighter leave in conditioner."
jessebunn_,7visz8,Take a look at my new natural hair youtube channel?&&&[removed]
