index,id,comments
justdaps,90znbr,"What should i do with my hair?&&&I've been growing it out for almost a year & a few months now. It's a curly, tangled mess and I use a wide tooth comb instead of a pick because it's a painful process to try and pick it out. I'm just looking for tips on managing it & maybe even style recommendations. Thought about getting dreads but I don't even know where to start.

https://imgur.com/QRjtLo6&&&Thanks!"
originalsoul,90znbr,"You need to be picking it out when it's wet or damp and you've got conditioner or a leave in in it. Don't detangle your hair dry if you can help it. You can do twist outs, get a curl sponge, cornrows, mini twists, etc. You've got options! "
pretseoul,90znbr,If you haven’t been giving it regular trims try that! 
Midnight_Moon29,90qdiz,"Hey there,

This might not be of much help, but what you've said is one of the reasons why I don't do time consuming styles lol Maybe you can do it at night that way you can take brakes in between when your arms are really tired?"
animousity692,90qdiz,"I want to put my hair in long twists again so badly, I love how it looks when I do it myself. But thinking about the hours and hours it takes makes my feeble lil arms want to fall off. Like what do y’all do for such time consuming styles?"
AndrogynousRex,90jdbt,Yep totally it’s like finally doing something that’s been taboo your whole life it’s actually good to make sure it’s moisturized too
Bmoresgoddess,90jdbt,"(Stupid Question) Recently went natural, can I get my hair wet?&&&I have a TWA now, and if I'm in the tub/shower, is it alright to get my hair wet? I don't mean washing it, but just dipping it in the water. When I had relaxed hair, getting it wet was a sin lol."
TheMasonWay,90jdbt,"(Not a stupid question) Yes, you can get your hair wet. Keep it mind the water may distort your hairstyle though."
UnforethoughtfulSaw,90jdbt,Being able to get it wet is one of the joys of having a twa! Unless you have it in a specific style that you don’t want damaged- do it!
_CoachMcGuirk,90jdbt,"Not only *can* you get your hair wet, but you *need* to get it wet. Water = moisture and moisture means your hair won't be dry and as susceptible to breakage."
fullerthanlife,90jdbt,TWA?
herdoftacos,90jdbt,"Ha I know, I used to hate that part of relaxing! I did swim so I always had to time it right! Then I stopped and it was so nice to be able to just sweat and not worry about my hair reverting or if I was too close to when I relaxed! Yes get it wet, it may stay wet for a bit, especially depending on your hair type but water and a little conditioner, even diluted, can work wonders, especially if it's feeling dry or ""crunchy"""
zimtkuss,90jdbt,"Natural hair is like a plant. Water it!

The only reason to avoid wetting it is it might undo a style like a twistout or blow out. You have a TWA you are good to go! wet it as much as you'd like!"
somewherelux,90g1r4,Curly dreadlocks?&&&[removed]
Awino,90f97h,How To Faux Bang / Faux Bun on natural hair&&&[removed]
Jassitaa,90czix,Have you tried making actual Flaxseed Gel? I did it the other day and actually like it.  There are videos on Youtube with super easy instructions.  
Sprckt,90czix,I swear by eco styler gel. But have also heard good things about Camille rose gel. &&&But it doesn’t last very long as you mentioned so I just spray some water and add more gel as needed.
frumiouswinter,90czix,"gel for a long lasting wash n go?&&&i’m looking for a gel that will leave my hair kind of ‘crunchy’ the first couple days before softening up a little, so my wash n gos can last the whole week. 

i’ve tried the flaxseed eco styler, but it gave my hair a gross texture. the kinky curly custard and the gold eco styler both work really well and give me a really soft and defined wash n go but it only lasts like 2 days before I have to retire to a puff for the rest of the week. 

anyone have any suggestions? I have kinky 4c hair with natural defined coils.&&&I tried the camille rose for a twist out and it made my hair dry as a bone 😭 I was shook cus everybody swears by it&&&that’s a cool idea, I think i’m gonna try that"
rosha267,90czix,"I mix the kinky curly with  Garnier Fructis Style Curl Sculpt Conditioning Cream Gel. My hair is pretty crunchy right after but softens up  perfectly the next two days, looks good 2 more days and is on it's last leg on day 5! I usually do my routine sunday night and it lasts until Friday. "
solowanderlustalien,90czix,"WetLine Xtreme Professional gel is really good. It has moisturizing ingredients such as aloe vera juice and panthenol. It holds my curls pretty well, though I've never tested it for longer than three days. If you have a Target nearby, they sell the 33 fl oz jar for a reasonable price. "
Midnight_Moon29,9077e1,"It's been a while since I've put heat on my hair, and when blow drying I use the coldest setting. However, last night I decided to wear my hair straight so I hot combed it. And y'all. I burnt my finger so bad. I've been hot combing since forever and never burnt myself before. I thinks it's a 'sign' lol XD"
1Penny1,8zwued,"Yes!  Absolutely!!  I mean, personally, I would avoid going to that salon altogether if it's that much of a concern.  I mean, if you're going to pay for it, you want them to know what they're doing and the correct products to use!  However, if it's ABSOLUTELY necessary to go to this salon, then YES, by all means, bring what you need to bring, say what you need to say, teach what you need to teach, do what you need to do to get the result that you want.  The last thing that you want is to waste your time and money and your hair not to come out the way you want it.  It's your hair; it's your money.  Help them help you."
Annabana24,8zwued,What protective styles do you all do? 
Bobelle,8zwued,"I do bring my products. I wash, dry, moisturize and detangle before I step foot in a salon.&&&Fucking hell I hate extensions. I was extension free for 4 yrs and my aunt (whose daughter has hair that's similar to mine and has waist length hair at the age of FOUR) advised me to get the extensions. I already had a system that was working but I decided to try it out anyway. It was the first time I had been to a salon in months and it sucked. They didn't listen to any of what I said because to them I was a child (I'm 17 and came in with my mum) they put fucking grease and heat it in it and almost ripped my hair out while I was doing it 😕. I live in a tropical climate and it was hoooot.  The very vast majority of women in my country wear extensions so this was very shocking. I was not warned about being so hot because of it and I also do not remember having this negative of an experience 4 yrs ago. It also became itchy to my neck and back. I didn't want to pack it because of extra tension. There were way more problems.

And then this fucking hair gave me conjunctivitis. At least now I know I'm never wearing extensions again."
cmon_sun,8zwued,Do any of you ever bring your own products to the salon? Or have to take certain steps into your own hands when someone else is doing your hair? I’m about to have my hair colored at a salon that deals with mostly straight haired clients and I’m thinking That I might want to bring my own products to avoid some ingredients I don’t like. I’m also thinking I might have to be prepared to detangle my hair myself after washing lol
misszoeline,8zwued,"I brought my own shampoo and heat protectant with me a couple of years ago when I got my hair straightened at a Latinx salon, but just a few months ago when I went to a Black-owned salon to get my hair trimmed (without being straightened), I let them use the products they had there. If you have any doubts at all, I'd say to bring your own stuff and be vocal--but not rude or demanding--about how you want your hair done. At the end of the day, you'll have to deal with your hair afterward if anything goes wrong, so it's best to try to mitigate any problems from the beginning."
wesmellthecolor9,8zwued,"I’ve had to detangle my own hair after they seemed to be struggling. I’m not tender headed at all so I was letting them have at it but it was breaking my hair and taking too long. 

They also gave me shit for not conditioning and  detangling before I came(? That’s your job lol). I normally try to do that anyways when I go to salons but I was in a different city and didn’t have my products with me. "
Cyanide_Skiesx,8zmgpk,Oddly enough my hair seemed to have the fastes growth while I was transitioning before I did a big chop. About 3 inches in 4 months. It's been 2 years dince my big chop and I'm maybe at 5 or 6 inches? I think it has a lot to do with the ends breaking. I've recently been more gently with my hair and it seems to be retaining length so definitely be gentle on your ends. I always thought I was until I noticed that I was subconsciously rip at the single strand knots towards the ends of my hair.
DaisyDej,8zmgpk,How often do you straighten your hair and do you notice any damage? I’m thinking about straightening my hair for the first time since my big(ish) chop. It has been a year and I’m doing it for a special occasion. I’m just slightly worried that I’ll lose all the progress I’ve made this year. 
Doublepuffsnstuff,8zmgpk,"Been natural 4c for 8 years, now at waist length when straightened. AMA?"
Robinspeakeasy,8zmgpk,"Hi, I want to be you. How long did it take you to go from grazing armpit to brastrap? And did you make any changes to your routine at this stage to help retain more length?

I have plateaued at grazing armpit because I realize even when wearing twists/braids, I may not be doing enough to protect my ends, even with finger detangling 95% of the time.

Also, if you finger detangle, how do you deal with shed hair? It drives me nuts.&&&I’ve been natural my whole life and the longest it’s ever been is full collarbone. I got to that length starting from neck length after three years of box braids. Other than the box braiding I treated my hair like crap — went months without conditioner or shampoo, blow dried before braiding, combed from the root, almost never used grease, etc. So three inches in like three years.

Recently went from shoulder to grazing armpit (three inches) in one year with a combination of finger detangling and constant braids, twists, or flat twists. It was pretty rigid, as I only detangle with a comb when absolutely necessary (once per month) and in an entire year, I only wore my fro in twistouts like, three or four times for one day max. Now I’ve hit a plateau, so, I’m still figuring things out."
TheYellowRose,8zmgpk,"I just did a pretty big cut, but my hair was stagnating in length due to breakage. I'm hoping my new regimen will fix that though"
leileiquisha,8zmgpk,How fast is everyone hair growing.Been natural for almost a year and I try to keep to my regimen but it doesn't seem to grow much. I have 4C. 
Annabana24,8zig5t,I’m doing a similar challenge I’m in my 3rd year of being natural and my hair has been at the same length for the past year and a half. So I’ve decided to put my hair in protective styles for a year. My goal is grow my hair to arm pit length. Anything pasted that will be a bonus. 
DaisyDej,8zig5t,Did you straighten it once and had to cut off 4 inches or did you straighten it for that whole 3rd year? 
icecubekittylover,8zig5t,"I've been dying my hair since about 5th grade as I always hated my natural color which was like a dirty blonde closer to brown. Now many years later going to be a sophomore in college I have decided to grow out my natural color in hopes my hair will be healthier.  
It's very hard to not dye it as I love fun colors and finally got a job where I can have them but I'm determined to get there. "
notalongtime00,8zig5t,"6th year natural this month&&&So I shaved my head in 10th grade and it grew back nicely, when I straightened it for my 3rd year it was pretty long but that ended up damaging it. Long story short, I cut like 4 inches off, repeated, straightened again a year later or so, did the same thing. Now my hair is at the same length it was at the three length mark (armpit length) and i'm on a mission to make it grow to past my boobs

So I decides to do a challenge for myself: 1 year of cornrows and wigs. I'm just really bad at protective styling because I love my natural hair, especially now that I can do a wash n go and it is really big and curly and long. But I want to get over this hump! Anyone else doing a similar challenge?
"
um_can_you_not,8zig5t,"I have a similar challenge, but I’m already failing lol. I’ve cut my hair several times that it’s now a short fro. My biggest hurdle is that I feel like it’s my signature look, and I’m too nervous to change it with wigs and other protective styles. I know in the end it would be good for my hair, but idk I feel weird sporting another style. It feel inauthentic to who I am. Dumb, I know."
worldCitizen17,8zig5t," I stopped chemically dying my hair, and only straightened my bangs and sides once in the past year to see how long it grew out. I just bought some henna dye to try out, which makes me less nervous since it's not so permanent and it just creates a glossed look over darker brown and black hair. I haven't been very good about putting my hair in twists & doing my deep conditioning routine for the last few months, so my hair really took a hit :/ It's been a stressful last couple of years for me, so I'm now getting back on track to attaining waist length hair and keeping it that way. Not all of my hair is the same length (damaged front from flat ironing while wearing weaves. Ugh), but the longest parts are almost BSL. though they were past that a few months ago before I stopped taking care of my hair as much. If anything, it was a good lesson in remembering that regularly deep conditioning, moisturizing, and wearing my silk scarf are actually working and not just a scam. I hope you make another post in a few months to check in with pics!"
progretivity,8zelnj,Mini twists are awesome!
thuggity,8zelnj,I like to do a halo braid when I don't want to touch my hair for a while. I might redo it every week. 
wellhere-iam,8zelnj,"Suggestions for low manipulation styles&&&Hello everyone!!
First off I wanted to say I’m sorry for the format, I am on mobile! Today I’m looking for some cute low manipulation styles to wear while I wait to get a hair cut. 

Alittle backstory, the ends of my hair are weaker than the rest. Basically I got a keratin treatment that lasted wayyyyy longer than normal and now I have random straight parts of my hair. I’ve been letting my hair grow back for a little over a year, so I’m finally ready to cut the keratin out. My problem is Im am currently in Vermont for a training program for a month longer and can’t find a salon a trust, so I’m going to have to wait until I get back to New York. 

During this month, I want to take the absolute best care of my hair I possibly can to retain my growth. I’m looking for some styles I can leave my hair in for days at a time that retain moisture. 

My hair type is 3c and Im really not a big fan of twists with my face lol. Please lmk some suggestions! "
