index,id,comments
AdamantiumFoil,7qfz38,"Water boils at 212 degres Fahrenheit.

The water coming out of your tap is not boiling, I guarantee it."
LumosMaximus1,7qfz38,"How do you make sure the water you wash your hair in during a shower doesn't exceed 300 degrees?&&&I read recently that you should not flat iron your hair at temperatures above 300 degrees because it will damage it. but, I also wash my hair in very hot water during a shower and I'm worried that I'm causing heat damage.

How do you make sure your water doesn't get too hot?

thanks. "
bitchesonthescene,7qfz38,"I used to work in a hotel and I remember that our hot tub wasn't supposed to get above 104 degrees. I'm sure our shower water doesn't get much hotter than that, we wouldn't be able to tolerate it. "
jonnyp200,7qfz38,"I’m pretty sure your shower doesn’t even get close to the temperature to cause heat damage.. If your skin can tolerate it I’m pretty sure your hair can.

^^just ^^my ^^opinion, ^^could ^^be ^^wrong"
ladyAnder,7qfz38,"Because a home water heater isn't sat that high. Most are sat at 90 degrees. Way below the boiling point of water which is 212.

You don't even set water heaters above above 120. It's dangerous otherwise. I think the highest I've sat one to is 110 because of a few reason. It was kind of a necessary where I was living. Heck, I think I need to raise the one when I'm currently at. It's a very simple to do if you have access to your water heater. 

Also, you won't get heat damage from using hot water on your hair.  The reason why you get heat damage from say a flat iron or a blow drying is because that's dry heat. It takes out all the moisture from your hair. It's drying and hence why your hair becomes damaged if you don't properly keep your hair moisturized and protected from heat. 

And just so you know, I've dump very hot water that was cooling in a measuring cup from a pot I had boiled on my head one day. I wasn't paying attention to what I was doing. My hair was very unaffected by it. My scalp on the other hand...
 "
plightless,7qfz38,You would have serious burns all over your body and possibly die if you showered in 300 degree water. 
workthrowa,7qfz38,"...um, you would be dead if your shower water was 300 degrees?"
iownakeytar,7qf8sk,"I'm currently using Kinky Curly Knot Today. A little bit goes a long way with this stuff, I use about a quarter sized squirt every day."
jamlesstoast,7qf8sk,"Favorite leave-in conditioners?&&&I have high porosity hair in some sections and low porosity in others. My hair is coarse and thick. I'm looking for a leave in that is: thick and highly moisturizing. I have colored treated hair, and since it's winter, my hair is especially dry. I do the LCO method but I want to try a different leave in. I've used Shea Moisture's JBCO leave in for awhile. I tried Garner leave in(i know some of y'all probably like:what? But I read good reviews) and it's too lightweight. The JBCO is nice but I want something new. 

I tried Cantú in the past,but I heard the new formula had alcohol in it? Any other heavy, cream based leave in conditioners? Thank you!&&&Did you combine it/do the LOC/LCO method with it? When I used TGIN's leave in conditioner in the past, it was too drying for my dry hair lol. Thank you for the suggestion! &&&Is the As I Am leave in very lightweight? Is it cream based or more of a lotion(or liquid texture)? I wanted to try Alikay Naturals but the leave-ins I've seen are all sprays. Do you find them very moisturizing? Thank you for the suggestions!&&&I wish this worked for me. I've used Kinky Curly Knot today in the past, and it was too drying for me lol do you do the LOC/LCO method or just apply it by itself? Thank you for the suggestion! &&&I tried to use it as a leave in before but my hair rejected it lol. As a rinse out conditioner, I used it in the past and it was okay for me. I haven't used it in awhile though. I wish I could use rinse out conditioner as a leave in but my hair takes forever to dry when I do so and it irritates my scalp."
justswimfree,7qf8sk,You can try TGIN's leave in conditioner. I really like that. 
kilaphedre,7qf8sk,"I use Herbal Essences Hello Hydration as both my regular conditioner and my leave in.  It's incredibly moisturizing, but yet not too heavy.  It's got great slip and absorbs really well.  I'm in love with it.  "
lottikey,7qf8sk,"As I Am (might have to pair it with its moisturizing cream) and Alikay Naturals, but this one is on the lighter side.  I use it more often, but I usually pair it with the As I Am cream or similar because it's like a serum (not completely liquid)."
TiaRacquel,7qeuja,Do you have low porosity hair? here's how to find out!&&&
Jonvieve92,7qc5hd,BEST CHEAP WIG EVER! Get into this wig!&&&
Karlkamini,7q7jbq,"Glacial Clay rocks&&&Glacier clay’s rejuvenating properties

Sourced in British Columbia, Canada

Sometimes we have to dig deep to get the best ingredients for our products. That was the case for our hand-picked organic glacial clay from northern British Columbia, Canada.


The clay is found beneath a live and active glacier, where clay deposits are inter-tidal and submerged in clean Pacific seawater 75% of the time, refreshing them with micronutrients from marine phytoplankton. The hard-packed of the glacier does not allow vegetation growth or provide a hospitable habitat for crustaceans and therefore no living organisms are affected when the clay is harvested.

High levels of minerals and low levels of heavy metals offer an ideal combination for product formulations, detoxification, rejuvenation, and many other skin and body benefits.

Questions about Glacial clay from British Columbia? Send us an email.

https://www.wisemenscare.com/blogs/news/first-post"
Ajayny,7q48lb,"Separate your curls with your fingers, not a pick. At night Bunch your hair in 1/4 or 1/8 of your head and make double twists. Unravel them and separate them by hand. (I Moisturize too)"
brightlove,7q48lb,"How do I get volume without ruining my curls?&&&I have 3C/4A hair. I set my hair using rod curlers and get beautiful spirals that turn into beautiful curls on the second and third days. Sometimes a 4th if I'm lucky.

But I want more volume. My hair is usually really close to my head. How do I add volume without frizzing my curls?"
dyam,7q48lb,"1) When your hair is completely set, flip your head over and use a pick to gently pull at the roots a bit to fluff them up. Be very careful when doing this to make sure not to cause any frizz. Flip your head back over and shake out your curls. 

2) Pineappling your hair at night can also help stretch and add volume to your hair. 

3) You can also try flipping your head over and using  a diffuser on the lowest setting. Use the diffuser to gently push your hair in the opposite direction of how your hair naturally lays. Then, in that same position, switch the diffuser to the cool setting and use the same method to set the hair. Flip your head back over and shake! 

Personally, I’ve had the best results with the last two methods. I have the same hair type as you but my roots are very coarse, so using a pick tends to cause a lot of frizz for me. However, I have to say, because you are setting your hair very close the scalp, roller/rod sets and twist outs tend to naturally have much less volume, especially with certain hair types. You’re essentially flattening your roots with these methods, so you’ll probably have to do a bit of experimenting before you find what works best for your hair.

Best of luck :)"
jendie,7q48lb,"I have the same hair type and issue! Even a hair pick can cause weird frizz (maybe I’m doing it wrong?). So far the Form product line has been super helpful in getting 4th day hair which reduces flatness since I don’t have to wet it as much. Then I fluff my hair out from underneath right at the scalp. Still not Instagram worthy curls, but it’s better. Maybe that’ll help you too?"
kvhjo,7q48lb,"Use a pick to gently pull at your roots and then gently fluff your curls, it can take some time depending on how much volume you want. "
Ajayny,7pwc0m,"Cut.Your.Hair.... unless you damaged the follicles, it will be thick again"
_strawberry_cupcake,7pwc0m,"Honestly I don’t think your hair will be thin unless you were pulling or ripping it out. That is the only thing that would have actually damaged the hair follicle. Unless you damaged the follicle with chemical burns. But my hair was super thin when I was relaxed and even when I was little, now as I’ve been natural for about 4-5 years my hair is slightly thicker 🤷🏽‍♀️ Unless you waxed your head or used to many weaves/braids and literally ripped your hair out at the root, it shouldn’t be thin. 


That being said, if you want it to look like you still have thick hair you need to cut off all the chemically processed parts and go natural. Relaxer can make even the girls with thickest hair look like they have three or four strands on their head lol"
bye_felipe,7pwc0m,"I think your best bet would be to do a big chop, learn about your natural hair texture, curl pattern, and porosity (this is important!), and to take care of it as needed. Once you've learned your porosity and texture, look up youtubers who have the same porosity+texture and see what their routines are like. Once your natural hair grows back in it might have a thick appearance to it that it doesn't have with your damaged hair.

The fact of the matter is you certainly won't see any improvement by keeping your damaged hair. So you might as well start to do away with it slowly, or get rid of the damage all together."
curlycatsockthing,7pwc0m,"well, natural hair tends to be healthier than relaxed hair. also, hair strands can weaken and get thinner with relaxing. in the same vein, bleached hair is stripped in order to be lightened. yes, your hair should be thicker once natural, but it isn't gonna happen in one day. it has to grow back in. nothing you do today is going to thicken your hair. "
d6kcRhyypjwd,7pwc0m,thicc ?
iownakeytar,7pwc0m,"You keep rewording and asking the same question, but the answer is still the same. The only way to find out is to cut off all of the damaged hair, either inch by inch or do a big chop. There's no statistical analysis or odds of your thin hair being due to heat damage or just your hair changing that anyone can give you. "
jnerhj56,7pwc0m,"I wonder if i will ever get my thiCk hair again&&&I made a thread on the girlsurvivalguide subreddit talking about how I destroyed my hair using heat very often since middle schools and doing 3 straitening keratins in my lifetime (I am 22 btw). I was wondering if my hair will be fuller and thick again, and they are telling me there is a chance once my hair is healthy, it will still be thin because hair changes ever seven years and that your hair can change around the time of puberty cause of hormone differences. I remember it was 8th and 9th grade where I notice my hair was getting thinner and the top part of my hair was breaking. 

Do you think it was hair damamge that made my hair thinner or there is a good chance my hair changed and will be forever thin and flat.

I mean look at this link. The girl in the second pic hair got super thick once she went natural. It’s like someon gave her 50% more hair strands

https://blackgirllonghair.com/2016/08/black-women-are-comparing-their-relaxed-hair-health-vs-their-natural-hair-health-and-its-eye-opening/&&&Well it was a huge difference between 7th grade and 8th grade so I doubt that my hair magically changed in one year when wasn’t taking care of it "
applejohnsmith,7pspqh,Natural Girl Pretty&&&
TiaRacquel,7pogry,my hair got way thicker!
jnerhj56,7pogry,"Has anyone’s hair gotten thicker when going natural?&&&I decided to stop straightening my hair. I am 22 years old and I’ve been straightening my hair since middle school. I’ve also done keratin treatments 3 times in my life which could also be a factor in my damage. I also wear my hair in a tight pony tail all the time. My hair is A LOT thinner than it use to be. I believe it 8th or 9th grade when my hair started to get noticeably thinner. I’m confident that my curls will be healthy again once I do my trims and let it grow out, but I fear if my thickness will ever come back once I start taking care of it and not using heat."
lottikey,7pogry,"I had thick hair to begin with, but yeah, it got even thicker."
nightmooth,7pogry,I have fine hair but when I went natural it was thicker. 
jnerhj56,7pnu2i,"Is it bad to put your hair in a ponytail when you are transitioning?&&&So I got a trim and took a lot of my damaged ends from heat. I’m going to stop using heat products and get my hair healthy. However I just don’t always have the time to wake up re-wet my hair and get it decent looking again (I say decent because my curls aren’t 100% healthy yet), so I would slick it back with water and put it in a ponytail. I was wondering if putting it in a ponytail too often would stunt my hair growth and mess with my curl pattern? I wonder if it’s messing with my curl pattern since I slick the curls back with water.
I don’t want my ponytail stopping my progress."
lavasca,7pnu2i,Have you tried using something like a puffcuff?
lottikey,7pnu2i,Use hair ties that don't have the metal or plastic clasp anywhere on the band and keep it in a loose hold if you do ponytails often. It can hurt your hair if you're always tying it in the same spot and it pulls at the hair. 
washbaerli,7pnu2i,"As annoying as it is, I have to sort of plan my hairstyles the day/ week before. This could mean doing 2-strand twists Sunday evening so that all I have to do on Monday is open and style. Usually this lasts a few days then I could do a puff or french twists or some other low-maintenance style the night(s) before.

Planning it out makes sure you moisturize and protect your hair properly. I think wetting and slicking back might cause your hair to dry out and break over time. Not to mention possibly damaging your edges from being in ponytails..

I hope this helps!"
krystalblonde,7pnscp,Is wearing your hair in a ponytail bad for transiTioning?&&&[removed]
EdithKelly12,7pdk8r,Check out Protective Styling Using Box Braids&&&
Abigail_A,7pc0sb,"How do you keep your cornrows moisturised under crotchet/wigs??&&&I’m fantastic at keeping my hair moisturised when it’s out, but always struggle to do it effectively when it’s under a protective style. Help! 

My 4C, Low Po hair: https://youtu.be/MHURQoOH8Kk&&&Thank you! Do you mean water? Or just a light oil? I’ve tried light oils mixed with water in a bottle but my hair gets dry again within hours"
unwaveringwish,7pc0sb,Anything light that sprays easily! And a bit of massaging as well.
naturalista20,7paejl,HOW TO BLOW DRY 4C-4B NATURAL MID-BACK LENGTH HAIR WITHOUT HEAT DAMAGE| SILICON MIX & CONAIR STYLER REVIEW !&&&
CeethePsychich,7p8rvv,"Hygral fatigue/Over condition/moisture overload: road to recovery&&&So I am following up with you all about my setback, it happened after trying to avoid protein and constantly rewetting my hair for a few days, it seems this was a setback in the making.

Well I went ahead and did the 2 minute keratin reconstructor and I felt the difference immediately.  However I had a hard time fully getting it out of my hair and I also chased it foolishly with a moisturizing DC afterwards that I also took too long to rinse out. I then possibly overdid it with my styling products. So long story short... a little over 2 weeks later of no added product. And my hair still feels mushy when wet. I think I did something's that sort of canceled the protein treatment out previously. I do feel a slight difference after that one session though. 


I know the mistakes I've made and it's a miracle I even have my hair intact still for the most part (a little breakage here and there) but still.

My question this wash day is should I pre poo with an oil like coconut or olive just to protect my hair when shampooing before I do another protein treatment?

This time I won't chase it with a moisturizing deep conditioner, I'll wait till next wash day to do that.  

What would you recommend I use as far as styling goes after I wash?&&&What's your hair porosity? You have a point tho. My hair is high porosity.&&&Evidently not strong enough. My Hair still feels gummy.  After my first treatment about 3 weeks ago, I chased it with a moisturizing conditioner mixed with olive oil and a plastic cap. Thing is, I rinsed my hair about 50 times trying to get both conditioners out of my hair lol. Sort of feel like I diminished the effectiveness of the treatment. It felt back to normal when I first rinsed it out but by the time I finally got the moisturizing DC out it was back to feeling weird. The Keratin 2 Minute reconstructor is the 2nd strongest Aphogee I believe. The 2 step is the stronger one "
TiaRacquel,7p8rvv,"I personally have never pre-poo'd. That is usually to prevent your hair from being stripped or getting too dry right? If so and if your issue is hygral fatigue, there may be no benefit to pre-pooing right now. I would try skipping it and seeing what happens and go light on the moisturizer's. Maybe let your hair get to a point of needing it?&&&That sounds like one of the stronger protein treatments available. You should try a milder protein treatment. I heard the ORS Hair mayonnaise is milder. Also, in my opinion, you should deep condition (with heat) after the treatment to balance out and get the moisture back in it. "
Sauce45,7p764t,"What is my curl pattern?&&&Like I’m thinking I’m between a 3a/4a, but idk

I’m still new to going natural so these pictures aren’t the most flattering especially when my hair is dry.

Here is my hair when it’s wet

https://imgur.com/a/7xaYz


And this is when my hair is dried. The first one I have a leave in conditioner in, and the other when it has no product at all. You can also see the heat damage better too haha. I need to cut my ends. Idk when it’s tried I feel my hair is so unflattering but I feel that’s because it’s damaged :/

https://imgur.com/a/q7Skd"
_strawberry_cupcake,7p764t,Looks like 3b/3c. I don’t think you have any type 4 hair from what I can see but that’s just my opinion!
lottikey,7p764t,3B/3C?
msqualah,7p764t,3b
TiaRacquel,7p1qcz,Are your curls low porosity and protein sensitive?&&&
TanakaCole,7ozaol,I’m back with another hair tutorial on my channel perfect for natural and 4c hair .this is a non heating method .so bonus for your hair&&&&&&Thank you much appreciated hun 
_strawberry_cupcake,7ozaol,Great video and it’s so nice to see another natural haired person with fine hair!! We are always forgotten lol
