index,id,comments
HowYouDoinz,8focj5,"Can you help me find a new regime? Need shampoos/conditioners/leaveins&&&I big chopped a year ago and wore protective styles since then. I used/threw out all my old products and need new ones. I used to use:

Shea Moisture JBCO shampoo

Creme of Nature leave in conditioner mango

bonner bros hair lotion
softee mango butter grease"
HumbleAbbreviations,8focj5,"I have low porosity kinky hair (I don't subscribe to the hair typing system) and I noticed for me that my hair doesn't care for shea butter unless I am using it to seal my ends in the winter.  I noticed my hair likes coconut oil.  I tend to use clarifying shampoos because even though I am Black, my scalp gets oily.  These are my standbys that works for me:


- Kinky Curly Come Clean

- ORS Aloe Shampoo (if I need something cheap and haven't gotten 

- Maui Moisture Agave Shampoo (leaves my hair hydrated after shampooing)

- Maui Moisture Agave Masque (I love the way it hydrates my hair)

- Bronner Brothers SuperGro Bounce n Flow (I blow out my hair and this cheap gem helps with the breakage.)

-Mizani Miracle Milk (I blowout my hair and this product just works for me.  Some people find it expensive but for me it is worth it. A cheaper alternative that I found is the Creme of Nature 7 in 1 treatment.  Hate the smell and it contains alcohol, but I use a moisturizing agent to buffer the alcohol).

- Pure Oils by Silk Elements Leave in Moisturizer - this is my holy grail for leaving my hair moisturized for days.  I get why some people dislike it but again my hair likes coconut oil.

I don't use grease frequently because I don't care for it tbh.  I don't subscribe to the notion that petroleum clogs pores but some people do and I don't argue with them.  If you want a brand that is silicone free and petroleum and mineral oil free, I highly recommend Edens Bodyworks Almond Marshmallow line and the Hibiscus Honey line.  Smells great and keeps your hair moisturized.  Found this line at my local Walmart."
gardenofeden91,8focj5,"Can you tell us more about your hair? Curl type, length, porosity, density? It's hard to recommend a blanket regime without knowing more about your specific head of hair.  Why did you ditch the products you used to use? That'll help us understand your hair's needs too I think."
lasnicjon,8focj5,I’m transitioning right now and I’m been using Shea Moisture and The Mane choice. The Mane Choice has a 3-in-1 leave in conditioner that is amazing. It makes my hair so soft and smells good. 
naturalsistersny,8f9syf,What Your Hair Needs? Natural Hair Care Products&&&[removed]
Afrophunky,8ehvwq,What products can I use on my Afro?&&&I  usually just pick out my hair and use Shea Moisture’s moisture mist but I need some products to use that will make my hair look less dry and also give it some hold without weighing it down. 
HumbleAbbreviations,8ehvwq,"I'm all about using the LCO/LOC method, which means you use a liquid based hair product, like that moisture mist.  That is the L in the LCO/LOC method.  Then I would use a cream moisturizer, which is the C in the LCO/LOC method, and then use oil to seal it in the LCO/LOC method.  Don't have any products recommendations because I don't know what your budget is."
SomewhatVerbose,8ehvwq,"I use coconut oil on both my looser (relatively speaking) curls and my daughter's tighter ones. My daughter has somewhere between 4b and 4c hair. 

I wash it with thick products that I change out. Generally they're Shea butter or oil based. I shampoo, rinse well, then condition. I use a wide tooth comb to work out tangles. Then she keeps that in her hair while she contines her bath. When she's done (30 minutes or longer) I rinse that out. Then I put a very small amount of the conditioner in my hands and run that through her hair. 

When she gets out, I wrap her hair in a towel that I try to have her keep in while she dresses. That comes off and then I use virgin coconut oil to comb it out. If it's going on a bun/ponytail, I sometimes then use a bit of hairspray to try and control the frizz. That's Aussie something or other (purple spray can). 

My hair is 3b-ish and too much coconut oil will leave my hair dripping with oil like an 80s activator look. Meanwhile, my daughter's thicker texture will get a cakey look to it if I over do the oil application. 

I use a lemon scented water spray while styling her hair for the water needs. I never brush a dry head, hers or mine. It causes breakage and doesn't leave a nice texture when done. That said, I use as little water as possible. Just enough to ease the combing process or help the brush slick the hair into a pony without saturating the hair. Most of the moisture needed while styling needs to come from the product (the virgin coconut oil) or you'll be left with dry looking hair when the water dries up. 

Edit: sometimes I use a leave in conditioner on her hair during the styling process as well. I regularly change out products (a few times a year) so as to combat product build up. Both of our hair types will acclimate to a product and it'll stop working as well without the cycling of products. But the virgin coconut oil always stays (though the brand may change)."
