index,id,comments
MyOwnWorstEskimo,ab343z,"I'm going to crochet my hair for the first time by myself!&&&I'm sick of braiding salons ripping out my hair, so I'm going to do it myself. Any suggestions? I've already watched a ton of videos&&&How do you keep them looking good so you can use them again?"
tabby29,ab343z,"Try using pre-curled locs, twists or braids! In my experience I find it easier to install this type of hair, and it looks nicer for longer. I’ve had crochet locs that I’ve used three or four times!"
Onehairysituation,ab23ih,"Dad with straight hair, daughter with curly hair&&&[removed]"
King-of-the-Sky,aaghiu,I got both my pick and scalp massages at the Dollar tree
MaxyScab,aaghiu,"Wash tip: use a hair pick to scrub your scalp&&&I have been natural for 7 years now and chopped all my hair off 3 times. While I wanted long curls, I hated how difficult it was to scrub my scalp through my thick 3b/c hair. It always left me feeling like I didn't scrub well enough but was always afraid of tangling my hair with my fingers. 

I started using a hair pick to scrub my scalp and I'm so upset I didn't think of this before! It's perfect for getting through thick hair and scrubbing away buildup at the scalp without needing to make a million sections. 

I part my hair into four sections, apply my co-wash or shampoo, then I hold onto the end of the hair to make sure that it doesn't wrap around itself and scrub away with the hair pick at my scalp at all directions. It feels so good and I finally feel like I really cleaned my head.&&&The pick that I use has rounded ends. I use it pretty much parallel with my skin so the tips aren't jabbing into my skin, and keep it gentle. It does feel really good though&&&I don't have much dandruff but I use a metal pick and it can really scrub well so I'd imagine it'd get the job done"
SugarPie89,aaghiu,This is a great idea! I never thought of using pick. I've also seen some people use those scalp massager things on youtube and I think I might get one of those.
curlycatsockthing,aaghiu,it doesn’t scrape or scratch?
n_kaye,aaghiu,I absolutely love mine! For the first time I really feel like my whole scalp is getting clean
rossablue,aaghiu,I have a scalp massager/shampoo brush that works as well. 
whatisthisjello,aaghiu,I always use a shampoo comb. 
yourbestbudz,aaghiu,So good for removing dandruffs?
BB770M,aacbw4,"Hey, I understand how you must have felt when you are younger. I had the same experience. I really watched a lot of youtube videos and tested out different products to figure out what my hair needed.  I am not entirely sure what you mean by ""good"" products. There are many good products out there that work wonders on others hair and the same product is a nightmare of other people. It is simply what works best for you. People have been telling me to only use natural products to shampoo my hair and stuff, but my hair would feel like absolute shit. I tried so many natural hair products. Guess what my hair needed? To be properly cleaned. It didn't want any heavy moisturizers or a moisturizing shampoo. It needed to be **cleaned!** I now use Pantene Classic Clean which people tell me is a ""white people product"", but that shit works.  My hair is now able to accept moisture because all of the moisturizing gunk that has built up is now gone. 

Another important point: It doesn't necessarily matter what your hair type is. Mine is 4c and you would think I would need the creamiest and heaviest moisturizers. Nope! I had to learn this the hard way. I  used heavy butters, leave-ins, and oils for my hair since it was so dry and coily all the time. I learned a few months ago that my hair is low porosity and my hair responds really well to Cantu for kids. Their leave in detangler is a liquid spray and I have never been able to comb through my hair so quickly and easily. A brush that I really like is a Denman brush. I make sure my hair is damp before using that detangling brush. NEVER brush or comb your hair when its dry. That would absolutely destroy your hair. If the styling you are attempting literally lasts a few minutes I think you make have the wrong method of styling your hair. Are you doing twist outs? Are you letting them fully dry and carefully taking them out the next day? Are you using some type of style cream when twisting or braiding it up? You can't just put product in your hair and expect it to do something unless you have looser curls that are quite defined to begin with. "
elizabeth123sk,aacbw4,"Hair tips for a girl who hates her hair&&&Hi all,

ever since I can remember I have hated my hair. I have gone from short hair to long hair, from a fringe to no fringe, from middle parting to side parting... and honestly can't remember many times when I felt my hair looked good. It's like having bad hair years, really.

Ever since I was a kid my hair was different than other girl's... it was a mess. Growing up, that left a huge mark on my self-esteem. It's not something I am making up in my head- even my mom, friends and boyfriend have mentioned that my hair is well.. in need of improvement. I do take care of it and I do use good products, but the outcome is still not pretty. I have gone to hairdresser, listened to their advice and still, no satisfaction. 

My hair gets greasy fast, after brushing it looks like the same mess I woke up with in the morning. I literally hate it and I don't know how to make it look better... I have tried styling it, but it lasts for a few minutes and then goes back to its previous, terrible state... 

What do I do with it? As a  woman, I find hair to be a very important part of my appearance so I would be thankful for some tips...

&#x200B;"
itreeksofsin,aacbw4,"Hello, I can understand where you are coming from with this. For most of my life I also hated my hair and was always jealous of other girls who were able to have their hair look beautiful. I always kept my hair straight in a ponytail to hide my broken edges and was always at the salon so I never got to properly know my own hair or take care of it, and I was always very angry about it. I have been natural now for 5 years and it was the best thing I could have done. I give my hair so much love now and I love using products with natural ingredients only and my hair has flourished in health and length, and it is currently past bra strap length.

What is most important is to learn how to love your hair how it is, and learn what techniques and products work best for you. There is so much information now about caring for natural help and it's always fun to learn about it. Look for natural ingredients in products, see what your hair porosity is and what will work for you regarding protein and moisturizing, and I wish you luck in your journey :) "
plumgum,aacbw4,"What is your hair like now? Relaxed? Natural? Is it short? 

I can understand where you’re coming from as i used to completely fucking LOATHE my hair. My mum started relaxing it when i was like 6 or 7. I fully transitioned to natural hair when i was about 19. 

After i fully grew out my natural hair i reallyyyy hated it, just because it was so difficult to manage and it didn’t fit the “curly hair beauty ideal” (AKA 3A-3C and long, bouncy etc). My hair is 4B/C and for ages i didn’t understand it

I’d say not understanding my hair is what made me hate it. Recently i’ve been watching loads of youtube tutorials and learning about my hair and trying to put in the time it needs (yes, its a lot of fucking time... sigh) BUT i have found that as i understand my hair more then i love it more 

Believe me my hair has been in dire conditions - when i was about 12 i just wouldn’t brush it because i hated it so so much, and so ofc it matted and grew dreads so my mum had to cut them off LOL. and on goes the hatred. 

But what i’m saying is... try and understand your hair more. The more you learn to care for it, the more you will love it"
spicegrl1,aacbw4,"Do u have curly hair? Brushing curly hair makes it poof like an afro. Read up on the basics - plopping, etc. U ain't the only one in this world with your hair type. There is a way."
tabby_whiskers,aacbw4,"Brushing your natural hair? I thought from the mention of ""good products"" that you were familiar with your hair type and how to handle it, but then the brushing thing implies you're not. If you're not, go on Youtube and watch a lot of videos from people with a similar curl pattern and texture. If you find your hair still looks bad, you could just stick to wearing braids/weaves."
08061978,aa91yb,Drain-clogging 
Awakeat5amagain,aa91yb,Never Ending!
BB770M,aa91yb,Eternal.
Bobelle,aa91yb,Difficult
King-of-the-Sky,aa91yb,Curly 😍😍
MisSinterpreter123,aa91yb,Fun.
Mrspett323,aa91yb,ReBorn
MsTreme,aa91yb,Ongoing
Nightflyer5050,aa91yb,Necessary. 
Semper_Fried,aa91yb,Rollercoaster
artemisnl,aa91yb,Describe your hair journey with one word&&&
breester7,aa91yb,Successful. 
gardenofeden91,aa91yb,Evolving
justswimfree,aa91yb,Long!
kikkai,aa91yb,LMAO!!&&&Great
lavasca,aa91yb,interesting 
pisanchin_twins,aa91yb,Confidence
plumgum,aa91yb,Biceps ... lmao u know what i’m talkin about
rosha267,aa91yb,SLOW!
twixe,aa91yb,Rollercoaster
xuaraus,aa91yb,Ever-changing
Friendly_Spider,aa71eb,"You're making me very curious about trying this line. It's so damn expensive, I would be so sad if it didn't work for my hair, haha. It seems like we might have similar hair types? I have nightmare detangling and massive frizz with shampoo as well.  
I checked ebay per Shinda206's comment: [https://www.ebay.com/itm/x-3-Deva-Curl-Lot-Its-That-Good-Wash-Day-Wonder-Leave-In-Decadence-DevaCurl-Set/223148426860?hash=item33f4aec66c:g:xQgAAOSwVxdbno2f:rk:12:pf:0](https://www.ebay.com/itm/x-3-Deva-Curl-Lot-Its-That-Good-Wash-Day-Wonder-Leave-In-Decadence-DevaCurl-Set/223148426860?hash=item33f4aec66c:g:xQgAAOSwVxdbno2f:rk:12:pf:0)  


Might be a decent deal??  
"
carmieeee,aa71eb,"UPDATE: Got the Deva Curl Super Curly Care Kit for Xmas!&&&...and I must say... the wash day wonder makes me want to cry. In all my days I’ve never been able to finger detangle my 4b/4c hair and yesterday I did it in 30 min. I followed with the cleanser (I hate shampoo in general but whatever) and then the conditioner and let me just say... I didn’t see a lick of frizz and my hair is the softest it’s ever been! I love Shea moisture so I compare everything to that but wow. This line has me blown away. Now I just need the funds to buy more lol. How to get free samples lmao. I need this stuff.&&&I’m glad it inspired you! &&&Say no more 🙌🏽&&&Not yet. I plan to try it the next time I wash my hair. I straightened my hair this time for a job Interview (ugh, I know).

This was my review prior to straightening/blow drying."
lakija,aa71eb,"Welp, it’s my time to shine. "
melodybirdsong,aa71eb,Did you get to try SuperStretch?
shelswirly,aa71eb,I got a deva cut recently and they gave me a bunch of free samples. They’re amazing! Seeing your post inspired to finally bite the bullet and buy the bottles :) so happy you found something that works for you! 
shida206,aa71eb,Get it on Ebay for cheaper 
skeletorsbutt,aa71eb,I am really tempted to try out Deva Curl. I think I'm going to have to weigh my options and just do it! 
teelarose,aa71eb,I always wondered about getting my hair cut By their salon. Would you recommend it my hair is like 4a-ish not sure if they would work well with my type. &&&Try buying from a store with a good return policy. If its not for you return it. Ex: sephora 
PigmentedLady,aa2yms,"Do you leave your twists in or you take them out when you wake up?

I twist my hair and leave it in for about 2 months 😂😂😂"
Port64,aa2yms,I have been told to do this (I’m 4a-z) but I just do not have the time nor the energy. Im cheering for y’all though and your hair must look amazing! 
Sharbubbles972,aa2yms,"How often do you twist your hair before bed?&&&I finger comb my hair after spraying aloe vera, leave-in conditioner every night. Then, I put a little bit of olive oil in my hair and do a 2-strand twist before putting my hair in a satin bonnet and going to bed.

1) Is it bad to do twist in your hair everyday like that?
I've done pineapple method but I feel like it still gets a little tangled and doesn't look as fresh. I also feel like it doesn't stay moisturized that way.

However if it is bad to twist on damp hair, I'll try to cut this down."
bennodabear,aa2yms,I don't twist evert night. I do the banding method to stretch my hair and preserve my braid out or wash n go
ladyAnder,aa2yms,"I do it every night if I wear my hair down during the day. Pineappling my hair leads to fairy knots. In fact, just leaving my hair down overnight in anyway leads to knots. 

That being said, you can twist hair damp. That's fine. You just want to make sure your hair is dry when you go to bed. Usually, I twist my hair at least and hour before I lay down. "
lavasca,aa2yms,"Never, it would never have occurred to me to do it."
subparsandwich,aa2yms,I'm also wondering this for the same reason OP! I feel like twisting it at night every night might be too much but my hair gets so tangled otherwise. Idk what to do and I feel like my hair won't grow because I don't have my nightly routine right.
tabby29,aa2yms,"I try to twist my hair every 2-3 days when wearing my hair out. If I twist too much I get breakage. Some things that help my twists last longer are using Shea butter so I don’t get dry ends and doing smaller twists so the hair is sectioned. If pineapples aren’t working for your hair, you could also try doing 3-4 puffs loosely on your hair or putting your hair into 5-6 loose twists every night with no product. When I was shorter, I did this to reduce tangles. I hope this helps!"
AdamantiumFoil,aa0r7n,"You need to seal the moisture in. If you don't do that, everything you spray on your head will just evaporate. Look up the LOC method.

I personally use my own oil mix and Shea Moisture curl enhancing smoothie."
BeautifulGorgeous97,aa0r7n,"How to keep my natural hair moisturized in the winter?&&&I have 4c hair and each time I moisturize it, the  next day it's dry again. The product I've been using is sta sof fro, a detangling spray. I use it to braid up my hair at night but in the morning it's dry again. Does anyone have ideas on moisturizing hair products I can buy? Preferably from Target because I have a gift card.  

UPDATE: I just went to target during my break and bought the Camille Rose moisturizing milk. Hopefully it works on my hair! Also please tell me the effects it has on your hair if you've used it before. Thank you for all the suggestions! &&&Ok thanks&&&I'll try it! Thank you! "
ChocolateGlamazon27,aa0r7n,"A really good moisturising hair lotion for 4c hair that is dry is Creme of Nature Argan Buttermilk. My hair is very dry, very 4C and it has been a God-send. Definite recoomend "
IAmMicki,aa0r7n,I tried Scurl once but couldn't stand the smell. So much so that I got up in the middle of the night and washed it out of my hair. How do you deal? Any suggestions?
Jazzers88,aa0r7n,"I have 4C LoPo hair and I recently tried a new combination of products and it’s given me like maximum moisture like never before. Some of the products I’m going to name I got from SallyBeauty BOGO sale, you may be able to find these at Target. 

- spray bottle with aloe vera juice and water
- Texture ID: 3x moisture cream conditioner
- JBCO (Jamaican Black Castor Oil) 

This next step isn’t required, only if you want some good definition

- As I Am: coil defining jelly "
MisSinterpreter123,aa0r7n,"Curl type means nothing. Learn your porosity and density. 

You aren't sealing in the moisture that's why it's dry. Once you have figured out your porosity, moisturize the hair. If you have low porosity, use A light but moisturizing product because a heavy product will just sit on your strands."
ariesgalxo,aa0r7n,Where are you getting aloe Vera juice? I can’t find any to save my life
pygmy_puf_86,aa0r7n,"Ok. I will tell you my secret. S-curl moisturizing spray layered under a small amount of whipped Shea butter. Focus the Shea on the ends and don’t overdo it, that stuff is really heavy. I do this routine whenever I re-braid my hair at night and lemme tell you, half the time I don’t even need to reapply product because my hair is so moisturized. "
spicegrl1,aa0r7n,"This is an excellent idea. I've been hearing about rosemary oil helping growth, so I will add a few drops of that too. "
yourbestbudz,aa0r7n,"My boss gave me her method and it works for me. Get an empty spray bottle. Add rose water, glycerin, jojoba oil, and aloe Vera juice. Spray your hair daily. "
nikkibruner,a9rp29,My 3C / 4A Curly Hair Routine! 👩🏽‍🦱🥰🎥&&&[removed]
BooBootheFool22222,a9p5jw,"what does the baking soda do? 

&#x200B;"
solexchnage96,a9p5jw,"How I hydrated my locs after an ACV rinse!&&&So as many of you know over time when you have locs a lot of dirt and grime can build up that can not be washed out with regular shampoo. So I recommend doing an ACV (Apple cider vinegar) rinse with baking soda every6 months, if you don’t know how to do one you can watch a video on YouTube. But the only problem with that it extremely dries out your scalp, because it washes all the dirty oil and build up in your hair. To solve this problem what I do is fill up a sink with warm water and then add oil to the water  ( I use Jamaican black castor oil ) after adding oil dipping you locs into the the mixture. This causes you hair to soak up the oil and water mixture helping you hair and scalp lock in moisture.&&&The way ACV and baking soda reaction together help remove all the dirt oil and build up "
Beautyinloss,a9fsaj,"I wish they let us post pictures. I have no clue of my hair texture but I’m about to give up on box braids. I’ve been wearing them for a year and it’s so expensive because they start to slide down after two weeks. I have to get them redone each month. (Sigh). They’re a great protective style and my hair has grown so much. I may try faux locks again. They lasted me three months BUT they looked rough after two lol. Same price as box braids, though. "
MisSinterpreter123,a9fsaj,"Your braids shouldn't look bad after a week and a half. Loose texture or not. Braids should only be kept in for 4-5 weeks, 6 max but they shouldn't look really fuzzy.

There are many reasons why the hair could be fuzzy, not wrapping it up at night, cheap quality, hair not installed correctly but the braids shouldn't look bad so quickly after install.

Also, make sure that the hair you use matches the density of your hair. Don't take a small section of your hair and a medium/large section of the braiding hair, you'll rip out your edges."
bubblegumsparkles,a9fsaj,I have 3c hair and braids in right now theyre fine i just put oil or cream on the roots to tame the frizz
hey_effie_hey,a9fsaj,Yes that's normal. Mines get fuzzy quicker than most . And my cousin with a looser texture than me can't wear them at all because it just isn't worth it. Breaks her hair off and gets fuzzy entirely too quick. 
knight_ofdoriath,a9fsaj,My hair is the exact same and no kind of broads/cornrows last more that 2 weeks. And after a couple of days it starts looking a little rough.
missb3,a9fsaj,"Same for me, I am 3B/3C and by the end of week one, they're already frizzy! 3 weeks is the longest I can go without looking super crazy. Wish I could keep them in longer!"
plumgum,a9fsaj,They let you post pics on /r/blackhair !
princeatc,a9fsaj,My hair's the same but if you wrap it every night it should last longer.
solexchnage96,a9fsaj,"Yeah it’s normal, it’s the same reason looser hair takes longer to loc. looser curl patterns tend to frizzy up and quicker because it’s harder for it to matt together."
sqoorelfreend,a9fsaj,"Is it normal for loser hair textures to not last that long in braid?&&&My hair isn't super loose it's 3c and 4a, it's fine too idk if that matters. Ive had braids in for 3 weeks but they started getting ragedy around 1 and a half week lmao..I don't know if it's because the hair is cheap or if my hair just isn't meant to hold braids for a long time. "
Aaaandiiii,a92u7a,I've done it for as long as a month only because I was tired of having to manipulate it daily. But I usually go for 3 or 4 weeks because I'm getting my time's worth out of my straight hair. Any damage I've done to my hair is typically done during the straightening so I'm not even concerned about anything else aside from putting the bonnet on at night.
Beautyinloss,a92u7a,Same question as above and also what products do you use? I’m in Texas. My hair is extremely “poofy” at the ends by the next day but I don’t put anything in it...I don’t know what to use. 
BrieAlysse,a92u7a,It all depends on how your hair feels. If your hair is dry and/or brittle I’d wash it at that point so you can put moisture back into your hair. But if you did everything correctly before straightening your hair I find it can last up to a month if treated the right way. It’s only bad to leave your hair straight when it is dry because this can cause breakage and split ends. 
MisSinterpreter123,a92u7a,"I kept my blowout for a week and then washed it. Don't add any more news heat to it after the Blowout, if you want to refresh your curl, put a perm rod at the end with a small amount of water on the hair. "
MsTreme,a92u7a,"I try to keep it straight as long as possible! The longest was like 4 weeks and I got tired of it, missed my curls, and washed it out lol! Sometimes it lasts only 2 weeks or less, I haven’t figured out how to make it last while working out😭"
TSDTRT3i,a92u7a,This just never happens for me...I live in the south where the air is drinkable
Zendeh,a92u7a,Wrap it!!! I can keep my hair straight for a month j unless I sweat it out. 
blackgoldberry,a92u7a,I just leave it until my next wash which is like every two weeks. 
blindscorpio20,a92u7a,"do you suggest using ""weather resistant"" hair spray to prevent early poofiness? the humidity here is killing me"
coconutmillk,a92u7a,"A month. I live in the south as well, and by the last week I’m wearing lots of headbands to hide the poofiness in the front but the rest of my hair holds up will with light oils and/or serums. "
lakija,a92u7a,"I can make a good style done at the shop (usually Egyptian stylists) last for a good two weeks with proper upkeep. Little oil in the morning, wrap it at night with clips and a silk scarf. 

At home? Eh... I haven’t done that since high school but back then about a week maybe. "
princessbitchyface,a92u7a,"How long do you keep your natural hair straight after straightening it?&&&I got streaks and straightened my hair recently and it's been a week so far that I've been wearing it like this. It still looks good, some parts are a little frizzy but I refuse to add more heat to fix it. Do you guys usually wash it out after a week after straightening or leave it longer? (And is it bad for you hair if you do?) I usually sleep in a bonnet at night but sometimes I'm too lazy and sleep in a bun. I also wear it up most days, but I workout too. &&&Am I the only one who struggles with wrapping my hair!? 😂 Its like I can't get it to lay flat around my head, it just doesn't cooperate. I need to watch some YouTube videos."
spntuesday,a92u7a,I add some hair oil sometimes to calm down the frizz and add shine
the_bririonman,a92u7a,Right?! Working out is such a struggle!! 
