index,id,comments
HairBeautyGuru,81sc31,how to make Kinky clip ins 25$ what???????????????????&&&[removed]
d6kcRhyypjwd,81q17n,"What do I do with this ? [PIC]&&&Just took my cornrows out because my psoriasis was acting up and I rlly needed to wash my hair. Now that it's out tho idk what to do with it.. It's too short to put in a ponytail unless the ponytail is like at the top which looks weird to me + I have really short hair at the back that looks bad. I was thinking of trying to twist it/dread it but I have no experience with that and I was told my hair is too soft to actually lock up..

Curls could be an option but I usually find that the front looks better than the back (Ye I have a lot of problems with the back of my hair).

Please help :(

https://imgur.com/8Uqb1D3&&&Wow I had no idea thank you <3"
wesmellthecolor9,81q17n,If the back is giving you trouble it might be from your pillow. You can try covering it or getting a satin pillow case. Pillows can dry out and damage curls.
Bewbtube,81b719,What is that last one latch hook/crochet styles?
cocoriccco,81b719,"Twist out, Bantu knots"
kittkatbarrs,81b719,"Weaves, wigs, bantu knots,braids, ponytails, head wraps, latch hook/crochet styles are my favorite. Seeing what your hair can do other than bone straight will be so much fun and the possibilities are endless get creative and have fun good luck."
peytay,81b719,"Biracial hair&&&I stopped relaxing my hair about 7 years ago, but I still have always straightened. I’m trying to go heat free for a few months to get some growth to a point where I feel comfortable wearing my hair down - right now it’s thin and at an awkward length when curly. What are some hairstyles (other than bun and pineapple) that I can wear? And any tips on becoming more confident in wearing my curls? I’ve ALWAYS worn my hair straight and I feel very self conscious with my curls "
wesmellthecolor9,81b719,"I ALWAYS straightened my hair and stopped abruptly when I started college. I think finding YouTubers with similar hair type as me really helped get me excited about my hair progress. There are also many different hairstyle ideas on YouTube. 


Also having thick skin. A lot of people are going to have things to say, but at the end of the day you have to stick with it and feel confident. I got (get) a lot of rude people telling me it looked better straight or act spooked like I'm a monster. But please don't let things like that stop you, because healthy curly hair is gorgeous. Those same people will be complimenting you and attempting to transition too after seeing your progress!! "
jamlesstoast,813hft,"Does anyone else’s scalp get irritated/itchy from oil?&&&I use to oil my scalp because it was recommended for hair growth and just keeping it moisturized in general. However, if I leave it on too long, it makes my scalp super itchy, irritated and feels clogged? I want to oil it for the benefits but this happens. Anyone else? 

I can apply oil temporarily with heat for a deep condition. As long as I rinse it out soon, it seems okay. JBCO irritates my eyes and is very heavy on my scalp. I use other oils that make it itchy as well.

Nowadays, I don’t apply anything directly to my scalp.&&&My scalp can’t stand coconut oil! Castor oil is way too heavy for my scalp!"
nooneanyone,813hft,"Yep, cant use coconut, shea, or black castor oil."
kissed_aRoosevelt,80tw5t,"OGX weightless hydration coconut conditioner&&&Anyone ever tried this? https://goo.gl/images/Nb3sGf

I tried it last night and it felt awful in my hair! I had absolutely nothing else to fix the problem with so I ended up just leaving it in, braiding my hair in pig tails, putting on a plastic shower cap and then wrapping in a scarf and sleeping in it all night in the hopes that it might feel a bit better after an extended sit in my hair.

It felt just as bad this morning with zero slip as I rinsed it out and I kind had to just rinse and then pull my hair up into a high puff to look even a little bit decent to go to work. I couldn't detangle even a little bit before gathering it into the puff.

Really the very worst experience I have ever had with any product in my life!"
somehaizi,80tw5t,"OGX junkie here, that's one of the ones I actually haven't tried and probably won't now. Anything advertised as weightless, light, or whip I tend to avoid because I like moisture heavy products. Also the fact that ogx has four different coconut lines made me side eye it anyway. If you're not turned off completely I'd say try tsubaki blossom. It's not moisturizing on its on per say, but it did make my hair softer. Have you tried the coconut curls line? "
crainstoll,80o2qw,"Twist/plait hair without scalp showing? (male)&&&Hi everyone. I'm a guy and i've been growing my hair for a while. Right now my mom box braids my hair, but personally, i don't really like hairstyles that show my scalp. I'm still new to all this and i'd like to learn to do my hair myself. Can anyone explain or link to a tutorial to do my hair without scalp showing? [Sort of like this guy i saw in a video recently](https://imgur.com/Pd7RlaT) (except without locking my hair). Any help would be appreciated

Edit: i hope this is the right sub for this question"
