index,id,comments
TuffTitti,9k9qv3,you might have low porosity hair - it frizzes so easily. you really have to work to get the curls poppin. I know many naturals don't like activator gel but it might help your hair to clump & curl. I have low porosity hair too
Worstmodonreddit,9k9qv3,What do you mean it doesn't curl? So you mean it looks stringy or do you mean it looks kinky but you see no curls?
jonnyp200,9k9qv3,"Hair doesn’t curl at all&&&In April, I cut off all my hair because I damaged it. It is now October and my curl pattern is completely different from when it was healthy. It looks worse from when the time I straightened it. I haven’t applied any heat or done anything to straighten it. All I do to my hair is apply moisture and use a sponge for it. It looks AWFUL and FRIZZY and I have no idea why. How can I revive my hair? I’ve done absolutely nothing to damage it."
Jazzers88,9k7jp0,Water Dries Your Hair??? 😐😐&&&Why are people under the false pretenses that water DRIES out your hair?? Weh dem do dat at? Is there something that I don’t know? 🤔 Comment down below and let me know if this is indeed true or if you have experiences with water doing this to your hair. &&&Well I heard 🙋🏽‍♀️ that people with low Porosity hair shouldn’t do the cool Rinse at the end because since the follicle already barely opens up that putting cool water will shut your hair strands completely up. Essentially you wouldn’t be able to add products after getting out the shower effectively &&&I’ve seen a YouTuber have this issue. He got a filter and he said it did wonders for him. 
MuffinPuff,9k7jp0,"If water isn't followed by a sealant, any moisture that was gained will be lost fairly quickly once the hair dries. It's not that water dries the hair out, but wet hair will turn into very, very dry hair if a sealant isn't applied."
aMochaFrappe,9k7jp0,"LOL truly Water couldn't possibly dry out hair. But I kinda get it. I have low porosity hair (meaning that it's hard for moisture to enter my hair). I need warm/hot water or heat in general for product to enter my hair shaft. Using cold water does nothing for me. It doesn't ""dry out my hair"" but it definitely doesn't moisturize it. "
aelin_galathynius_,9k7jp0,"I’ve heard *hot* water dries out hair/skin because it evaporates quickly.    Which is why we are supposed to do the cool rinse at the end.    

But I’m an English major and don’t speak science, so you could tell me anything that has a modicum of logic to it and I’d believe it.   "
atomizedshucks,9k7jp0,"I was a computer science major, so I kinda speak science-science... I've watched and read a lot and this is what I've learned:

Hot water dries out your skin because it causes the pores to open up and lose moisture and to spew out excess sebum-- the natural oils... and then you rinse/wash it all way. No natural oils from skin = No natural oils getting on to the hair = Nothing (naturally occuring) to lock in the moisture. You can of course apply oils yourself."
enchantedhlth,9k7jp0,"While water itself doesn’t dry out your hair, the calcium and minerals in hard water do since they coat your hair strands and make it harder for moisturizing products to really penetrate and moisturize the hair shaft. I’ve never tried a shower filter but I’d like to see the difference it makes with my hair (and skin!)"
Jazzers88,9jz38v,"It’s Legit!!&&&For ppl who were never sure if Goldenmartbeautysupply.com was a real site, it is! I would show a picture of the package but sadly this subreddit doesn’t allow anything more than text post. &&&I bought synthetic braiding hair brand, Rast A Fri. &&&Nope. Idk how to link photos. That’s why I use /r/Blackhair more often Cuz That subreddit lets me use everything more easily"
UnbalancedRoses,9jz38v,Did you buy human hair from there?
_CoachMcGuirk,9jz38v,You can post a comment with the link&&&Guess we're not getting that photo.....
mommabearmae,9jsdeu,natural hair&&&[removed]
Aaaandiiii,9jqlo5,"Ugh, the way I have to saturate my hair, I would drown overnight doing that overnight conditioning. I'm glad I never gave into that.&&&Going natural was pretty new when I went natural and there wasn't a multitude of products so I really had to experiment with stuff.

I only wish I knew what I knew now because a lot of the products I use now and work great were ones that are not necessarily designed for naturals. And I wish I more quickly let go of what worked well with my relaxed hair."
AdamantiumFoil,9jqlo5,"Not learning how to detangle while it was short and easy. I don't think I detangled for the first time until my hair was about 3 inches long.

That, and not doing research on my stylists before letting them touch my hair."
BoxedBoobs,9jqlo5,"Woooooooo girl you’re speaking big facts on that first point. My natural god-mother (aka a friend who went natural before me and coached me through the whole thing) had really cute type 3ab hair and I would anguish with my 4bc hair about how I could get as much definition and clumping. Once I finally accepted that my hair grows up & out and not down like normal, things became a lot easier in terms of figuring out what styles I could achieve. It was a damn hard pill to swallow, though. I think the natural hair movement could do better promoting that fact, because we still have mostly type 3 hair models on everything and it seems to be the desired natural hair look when all types are gorge, even my lop-sided Afro 😂

"
Cyanide_Skiesx,9jqlo5,Not using moisturizing or not detangling at all
Gabbaby,9jqlo5,How did you figure out your porosity? 
Honeychile6841,9jqlo5,"Not knowing my hairs porosity. Wasted a lot of money on shit likje coconut oil that just sat on my hair not doing a damn thing.

"
IHateBeingTickled,9jqlo5,"Spending an arm and a leg on products and not ever really giving them enough time to work before moving on to the next thing. So much money could have been saved if I first figured out my hair type, porosity, you know, did the research and science. Then figured out. what my hair needs based off that. So. Much. Money. 
I also flat ironed my hair all the time instead of doing perms. I simply just went from one damaging thing to another. "
Leshbian,9jqlo5,"My biggest mistake was trying to copy styling methods from girls whose hair wasn't like mine. And then I had the audacity to be upset that my style didn't turn out like theirs. 😂 I wish I could go back and tell younger me ""Sweetheart, you are not a wavy 3c, what do you think is about to happen when you take those flexi-rods out?"" 

Thankfully I learned what works for *my* hair and how to style it and what products work, and have a realistic idea of the turnout of my hairstyles. 

Also, I prescribed to the ""DEEP CONDITION OVERNIGHT FOR MAXIMUM MOISTURIZING!!1!2"" That's fake news. 20-30 minutes is good enough, the hair has taken what it is gonna take in that time. 🙄"
Linamalave,9jqlo5,"Trying to detangle my hair all at once instead of dividing it into sections, acting like I was a Caucasian....tsk tsk tsk, to be young & naïve..."
LordAsbel,9jqlo5,"Well I’m a guy so how about this


I wish I could go back in time to tell middle school me it’s not gay to like to/ take care of your hair. 

It’s alright, Sophomore year I got it together and stopped caring, but still."
Robinspeakeasey,9jqlo5,"Lifetime natural here, but only learned how to style and care for it when I became an adult. I think my biggest mistake was combing it every day, never realized how much breakage this causes."
SuaveSatinBoobs,9jqlo5,Finger detangling. After repeated washes of only finger detangling I had massive knots. My hair is way too fine to only finger detangle. It needs the denman brush to be thoroughly detangled.
TuffTitti,9jqlo5,washing my hair like someone with type 1 or type 2 hair! I quickly learned that if I kept my hair in loose twists while I shampooed it didn't tangle as much
anotherhumanlikeu,9jqlo5,"What are some major mistakes you made when you first went natural?&&&I used to think leave-in conditioners were to be “left in” for a certain amount of time and then rinsed out... 
I also used to detangle my hair bone dry 🤦🏾‍♀️&&&> Also, I prescribed to the ""DEEP CONDITION OVERNIGHT FOR MAXIMUM MOISTURIZING!!1!2"" That's fake news. 20-30 minutes is good enough, the hair has taken what it is gonna take in that time. 🙄

Oh for sure. I tried that one time and my hair became way too over-mosturised and felt like mush... never again!&&&True! My mum indoctrinated me with the idea that products designed for straight/wavy/loosely curled hair would not work on my hair or damage it. Some of those same products are now staples in my routine and work so well for me."
ellamaii,9jqlo5,Retwisting every night. I lost so much hair. 
indianajanes,9jqlo5,"Wanting to grow out my hair but getting high maintenance hair cuts.  

Also, many years natural & still making mistakes! "
justtayy,9jqlo5,Straightening my hair 
lavasca,9jqlo5,"Assuming I knew kess about my hair than I did and abandoning my hairdresser.



A lot of naturalistas I followed had totally different hair than me.  As such, the products they were using were kind of dumpster fires on me.


I should have consulted my hairdresser or someone at a hair supply store to assess my hair.  It would have saved me hundreds of dollars.  I mean it, I spent on more hair products than I did on my financial advisor.  ***BTW, did you know you could hire someone legit from a major financial institute for less than $30/month? It is on par with the subscription beauty and naturalista box subscriptions.  ****


Big chopping before my natural hair got back to my shoulders w/o a weave.   For some reason I cannot rock short hair at all.  I get treated totally differently and it really bugs me."
lulumajorca,9jqlo5,"Not appreciating and enjoying my shorter length as much as I should have. I was so obsessed with growing my hair as fast as possible that I didn't fully embrace my new look. If I could go back I'd dedicate a full year of playing with different colours and edgy styles (I would've died my hair purple). Short hair is so fun and easy and highly underrated! 

I'd also invest in a quality haircut after my big chop to create a good foundation. $12 goody shears aren't the way lol."
mjslater,9jqlo5,"When I went natural with my short hair, I dyed it blonde with the thought process of if I didn’t like the color/ it ruined my hair, I could always just cut it all off again because it was short. I was blonde for about a year then decided I wanted dark hair again. Before I dye it black, I went purple. Love my purple hair, had it for about three months now but I’m going back black soon. The touching up the color process is tiring and I didn’t wash my hair as often as before because so much color would come out every wash day. I was going to go blue next but I’m just over it now. The thing I’ve seen most naturals mess up on when dying / bleaching their hair by themselves is using too high a developer. I’ve never used more than 20 and I’ve had pale blonde hair before. My hair is just pass my shoulders now in less than two years of being natural. "
qrtrlifecrysis,9jqlo5,"Oooh definitely not spending time detangling, not moisturizing. Spending tons of money on new products instead of getting the essentials and building up a collection (thank god for Sally’s return policy). Ooh and not trimming my ends every 2 months or so."
Flowingcrown,9jhym0,My hot oil treatment for dry and frizzy hair&&&[removed]
AmberRos3,9jhtka,"My hair will normally last about 4 days with  pineappling it at night.  If you are taking your twists out to wear your hair down, I would recommend waiting until after your shower. Also, make sure to protect it from the steam in subsequent showers"
SwannySwann15,9jhtka,"2 strand twists&&&I have 2 strand twists and when i take them out how long will the curls last its been about 1 week, should i take em out after i take a shower or before?"
_CoachMcGuirk,9jhtka,"Now sure what a shower has to do with your hair, unless you're washing it? My twist outs last about 3 days, then they start getting janky. I do moisturize a lot though."
danysiggy,9jhtka,Your hair should be dry when you take out the twists. 
dyam,9jhtka,Steam and little water droplets can wreak havoc on natural hair&&&Use a shower cap
lexy-plexy,9jhtka,Showers usually make my hair frizzy so I'd suggest taking it out after. I usually get 3 days out of my twist outs. Pineapple at night and argan oil in the mornings.
Ace_Turnip,9j4l6n,"Crown won't grow&&&Hi everyone,

I've been natural for 5 years and the crown of my head has made no progress whatsoever. Overall, My hair is type 4, thick and 9-10 inches long, but the hair at the crown is nowhere near as long. It's extremely thin, seems to be of a looser curl pattern and either doesnt grow or breaks off quickly (i had a bald spot there from tension).

I've tried everything, i'm tired and I don't know what to do anymore. I tried oiling my scalp, but that area of my head is already itchier than the rest, and oiling furthered the itching. The dermatologist told me my scalp is perfectly normal all around. I also got blood tests and everything is normal. 

I've also tried protective styling but box braids cause my hair to break. I eat a healthy diet, moisturize my hair often, only comb once a week on wash day (whether i comb or finger detangle doesn't make a difference), and deep condition every week. I do everything right and have tried so many methods and products but I still lose more hair than the average person whenever I touch it, especially when moisturizing. 

I should also mention that this might be genetic, as my mother had a similar problem when her hair was relaxed.

If anyone has struggled a similar issue, I would really appreciate any advice/input you'd have to offer. 

TLDR; hair in the crown section won't grow and I've tried everything. 



&&&I do massage that area when shampooing but have not yet tried using essential oils. Maybe they'll provide some relief to the itching as well. Thanks :D&&&Yeah I went to the doctor's and found out I have very low iron (ferritin was at 13 and hemoglobin between 111-118). After doing my research, it turns out that ferritin needs to be at at least 75 for healthy hair growth. So now I'm taking a supplement every day, it's been two weeks. In about three months or so i'll get tested again and see if there are any changes in the crown area. "
BeautifulGorgeous97,9j4l6n,"I've been natural all my life, and I was having this problem up until recently. I do a protective style: twist out with rubber bands. Leave it in for a week and take it out on Sundays.  It really helped my hair grow, especially my crown. All I have to do is leave it alone for a couple days. "
Queenoftheandals1,9j4l6n,"Hey, so any news since you have taken your supplement? Have you noticed any improvement?"
bexyrex,9j4l6n,"I have the exact same problem which led to me repeatedly cutting my hair off. I don't know what to do about it anymore. There was a period of time a few years ago where I was getting persistent itching/inflammation. And the best thing that stopped that was apple cider vinegar rinses every week for a couple months. And occasionally hydrocortisone applications during the day. I rarely have itching now. 

My next step is to try minoxidil and I'm gonna see my PCP for blood work and hopefully a dermatologist after. And if that doesn't work I'll just cry and accept that I likely won't have long hair ever in my life.... "
evolsievolsievol,9j4l6n,"I think they definitely will, just make sure to dilute them.

Also, I think your situation is actually the case for a lot of ppl. My crown area also has a looser texture than the rest of my head. It is also a more sensitive area on my scalp (softer) than the rest. The hair grows differently from that area. Notice how some older balding men have an empty crown area.. that area needs a little more attention to get the blood flowing. Blood flow = nutrients = growth. 

Best of luck and don’t give up. 

Edit: More to say 😩&&&Have you tried gently scratching your scalp during washes? To increase blood flow and remove buildup. 

Then weekly scalp massages with invigorating oils.. tea tree, or rosemary for example. &&&Any luck? "
TuffTitti,9j3gpz,"Sister scientist Erica Douglas has video on YT proving that hair protectants do indeed help prevent hair damage. Any cheap silicone spray will do for thinner or fine hair and the thicker silicone serums for thick coarse hair. Even though my hair is fine it's very thick so I prefer the serums like Heat Defense Smooth & Shine Polisher by creme of nature, Silk elements Coconut Heat Protection Spray is good for fine hair 

&#x200B;"
bluplaydoh,9j3gpz,"Best heat protectants&&&I know I can’t protect my hair 100% from heat damage, but I would like to wear it straight from time to time (especially since it’s getting cooler out and I can’t leave the house with wet hair). Does anyone have a heat protectant that they can recommend?  Thank you!&&&I’ve been curious about their product, thank you!&&&Thank you!"
broken__iphone,9j3gpz,"My favorite heat protectant is the Tresemme platinum strength heat protection spray. 

&#x200B;

More important than that is the overall health of your hair and keeping it strong. I would suggest regularly deep conditioning (every 2 weeks) with a quality product for at least and hour. I have gotten silk presses, blown out my hair and used wand curlers and haven't gotten heat damage from any of them. Of course I don't use them all the time, but def more than many of my friends. I can get away with this because I also deep condition more than anyone else I know (everyone 2 weeks). My own run in with heat damage was from a sew in years ago because I had leave out. If your hair is strong and moisturized regularly, moderate usage of heat should be fine. "
unwaveringwish,9j3gpz,Mielle Organics has a spray heat protectant that doubles as a leave-in!
broken__iphone,9ixhwm,"Shampoo with a sulfate free shampoo, this will not make ur hair stripped. When I need extra moisture after a protective style I use  the aphogee 2 minute reconstructor. I leave it in for more like 30 minute as opposed to 2 minutes because I'm dramatic. It not cheap but I find it SIGNIFICANTLY softens my hair when its dry. Then I deep condition with a high quality deep conditioner, I like the carols daughter almond milk masque. I leave than in at least an hour. 

&#x200B;

Moisturize my hair with the L.C.O method. For leave in i like the shea moisture jamaican black castor oil conditioner ($12) or the ORS monoi oil leave in conditioner ($5), for oil I use raw shae butter  ($5 ) and for the cream I use the cantu coconut curling cream. This is my most moisturized my hair has EVER been. Hopefully this helps. "
magicmusi8,9ixhwm,"I would pre-poo with coconut oil for 2 hours. Then I would wash with a diluted shampoo 1:10 water, and then deep condition with a steamer. Or just underneath  dryer and rinse. Then a leave in conditioner. Lots of moisture. That’s for my dry 4c, FYI. It depends on you."
teddytie,9ixhwm,"Wore multiple protective styles for over a year&&&Hi, 

I am fully natural, I used multiple weaves over the course of a year to help grow my hair. When I too it out my hair was much longer but extremely dry. How can I get juicy moisturized curls asap!?

Thanks!"
unwaveringwish,9ixhwm,"Wash well with shampoo (probably twice to get it really clean), then get it good and conditioned by deep conditioning under a hooded dryer/hot towels/shopping bag with body heat/whatever you’ve got lying around! "
datleoego,9itykp,1 month since the big chop&&&[removed]
TuffTitti,9inpvb,"How high was the heat used to straighten? you might have to go back to braid outs, twist outs, flexi rod sets until it grows out "
UnderSomeRock,9inpvb,"This has happened to me a couple of times over the past couple of years. One thing that might help is an apple cider vinegar rinse. It’s not a miracle cure, and how well it works depends on how damaged your hair is. However, if you still have some semblance of your natural curl pattern, a couple of ACV rinses and some TLC might get help your curls bounce back a little!"
ciyaalsuuq,9inpvb,"dealing with breakage and semi-destroyed curl pattern&&&hey guys, I need major advice 

so, quick backstory I've been natural for over 2 years and after being heat free for a year i finally succumb to getting my hair done for a friend's wedding. the thing is when i washed out my hair, it hung limp and feels way waaay thinner than it was before i got it straightened. i took me a long long time to get my curls in a good place and now i feel like all my efforts are wasted. is there any way i can deal with this problem? i deep condition regularly using the shea moisture jbco deep conditioner which used to be great for my hair but now seems like it doesn't do anything to the softness or shine.... help a sister out?
"
indianajanes,9inpvb,If it is breaking off you have to trim it.  If it were my hair I would trim a very small amount & see what effect that has.  Then trim more if needed. 
lalaseestheworld,9inpvb,I find that it takes a couple washes for my hair to bounce back from being straightened....
ChocolateGlamazon27,9injh6,Sam's Beauty and Amazon
Jazzers88,9injh6,"Legit Hair Store Online??&&&Does anyone know a legit hair website where I can order braiding hair? I preferably want Rast A Fri brand but any legit website will do. &&&Thanks &&&Bruh,..Rast A Fri. Is the truth!! That’s like the only braiding hair I’ll use for my faux Locs & kinky twists. It was easier for me to find when I was living in NYC. But I no longer live there. I did find a website last night after two hours of searching called UFuzzy.com I placed an order. So we’ll see if it’s legit or not. But it did seem very legit. It passed my test at least 🤷🏽‍♀️🤷🏽‍♀️😁"
TuffTitti,9injh6,[http://www.gmbshair.com/rafribrhan.html](http://www.gmbshair.com/rafribrhan.html) They are legit but no free shipping & they kinda high priced imo
honeymustad,9injh6,"Locobeauty
"
kimbolslice,9injh6,maybe HairSisters or Alibaba?
leftblane,9injh6,"I, too, want to try Rast A Fri, but cannot find it from a website that seems reputable."
BeautifulGorgeous97,9ijmjp,"Don't judge me but does anyone else use cheap products for their hair?&&&I have 4c hair and all the expensive/name brand products that I've used (Shea moisture, Cantu etc.) have never worked. A month ago I barely had any money to get those products so I got curious and went to the dollar store. 

I bought a detangling comb, hair ties, headbands, hair gel, hair grease, dandruff shampoo and a couple of products from the off brand Shea moisture line that they have, called Shea solutions. I've been using these products for a month and they actually worked! My hair grew for the first time in a long time. I had trouble growing hair from the back of my head and now it's grown and I can finally do updos and other styles without it looking awkward. 

I'm happy that I finally have something that works for me after trying to figure out my hair for all these years. Does anyone else use cheap alternatives for their hair? 
&&&Thank you! I'm tired of wasting money on $30/$40 dollar products that don't even work! &&&My hair also hates coconut oil. Everytime I put it in my hair I would get dandruff. I also use castor oil sometimes. I've been natural all my life, and I feel like it's kind of a shame that I didn't know what I was doing and how to grow it until now. "
CopperPegasus,9ijmjp,"TBH, I think you are by far more sensible.

&#x200B;

Price is the worst way to judge any beauty product... ingredients are key, and many 'top end' or 'salon' products are identical to cheaper options. Clearly you've found an ingredient combo that rocks for you! I'd do some careful lable reading and commit them to mind."
MuffinPuff,9ijmjp,"Same here, I love a good DIY. Just made a whipped shea butter blend a few hours ago with shea butter, olive oil/sunflower oil, castor oil and lanolin (plus some marshmallow root powder and moringa powder). Feels luscious on my skin & hair, even put a few braids in for the first time.&&&Over the 2 years I've been natural, I purchased a grand total of 2 expensive products; Renpure coconut leave-in conditioner and As I Am leave in conditioner. The Renpure was *ok* as long as I wet my hair everyday, and the As I Am was terrible. I also bought a list of cheaper products that didn't jive with my hair either.

After doing a deep dive into ingredients and taking note of the ingredient list on products I liked and products I hated, I realized I don't do well with coconut oil, humectants like aloe vera and glycerin, or excessive mineral oil/petroleum/petrolatum. No soybean/vegetable oil either. Pretty much every black hair product on the shelf contains at least some of these ingredients, especially the expensive ones.

I consider myself frugal when it comes to products, even though I pay a decent amount for my staples in bulk; shea butter, lanolin, almond oil, a 5lb(80oz) jar of sally's brand cholesterol for $10.00, castor oil, a clarifying shampoo and a new set of shears every 6 months. Marshmallow root powder will be a new staple too, love how it feels."
TuffTitti,9ijmjp,"shooo I'm cheaper than that! I buy  99￠ suave & VO5 conditioner and mix it with regular grocery store olive oil. I also buy cheap glycerine & mix it with filtered water & conditioner as a leave in. I splurge on essential oils - peppermint, tea tree, cinnamon oil & eucalyptus oil to mix in everything."
Worstmodonreddit,9ijmjp,I've found that less is more with natural hair. 
_CoachMcGuirk,9ijmjp,"I tried that line and the smell made me so sick, it stunk so bad and was so strong"
bluplaydoh,9ijmjp,"This is the thread I needed to see.  I was just complaining this morning about how expensive my hair products are (especially since I just switched from Eco gel, $3 to Aunt Jackies's, $8)."
eucalyptusqueen,9ijmjp,"My main leave in is from the dollar store and costs $6. I decided to take a gamble on it because it's so inexpensive and I ended up really loving it. To me it's just as good as shea moisture or cantu. I use multiple products in my hair every time I wet it and leave in conditioner has actually taken a back seat to another product I started using, so I really don't feel the need to spend a lot on it anyway."
fairiesandhearts,9ijmjp,"yep! I use a clarifying shampoo (I can't get with using sulfate free shampoos), moisturizing conditioner, a clay mask for deeper conditioning, hair grease, water, and Long Aid curl activator (I use that in the summer for my wash and gos). I use black castor oil when needed. ( Sometimes as a prepoo treatment. 

As far as styling tools: ( One time expense) Wide tooth comb, denman brush, satin hair is. Bonnets, hair wraps for bed. Scarves to cover my hair during the day. 

My hair is healthy and I get complimented on it often. It grows like crazy but, I keep my curls shoulder length. 

I do not go out of my way to spend tons of money on expensive brands and products. The most expensive thing I use is the clay mask but, I always catch it on sale at Ulta. 

Less is more"
lavasca,9ijmjp,"Tou do what works.
If something  costs $0.05 and doesn’t work it is expensive.

If something cowts $5.00/ounce but works perfectly and lasts for months/container then it is reasonable and maybe even cheap depending on the utility it provides."
purpleskyy,9ijmjp,No judgement here. I also have 4c hair and I thrive with my dollar tree products. I use Vo5 from the dollar store because it is light and I can use as much as I need. I use both the heavier ( Frizz) and a lighter Fruity one. It totally helps to bring out my curls when I am doing a wash and go. The only other thing that I add to my wash and go routine is Aloe Vera gel. I have found that it seals in the moisture so my hair grew like crazy. In the off season (not summer)  Aloe vera get is like 2.50 from Target.  I can apply as much as I need once I have rinsed the conditioner out and all my natural curls stay poppin. 
ChocolateGlamazon27,9ifr3q,"Do you use a heat protectant before you straighten/flat iron your hair? 

This is probably connected to your diet and perhaps how often you are flat ironing your hair (once ever 2-3 is a lot) "
Worstmodonreddit,9ifr3q,Sounds like it's a product you're using
ladyAnder,9ifr3q,"Could it be the heat protectant you are using if you use the same one each time? Maybe an allergic reaction to it because the chemicals it uses?

I'm not sure what to suggest other than not using whatever you are using. 

"
leftblane,9ifr3q,Maybe your scalp is always flaky and it's more visible when your hair is straight. Try using a dandruff shampoo.
linksnmbr1bitch,9ifr3q,"Flaky scalp whenever I flat iron, help!!&&&I have my moisture routine down for when my hair is curly. My hair is usually low maintenance and I can skip days/week without doing anything to it. I usually flat iron my hair maybe once every 2/3 months and every time I do my head starts to itch like crazy. I try my usual oils and creams nothing I've tried yet has prevented the dry scalp.  It's usually flake free for maybe a week but afterwards I'm styling it in ways to hide flakes until I have a day off to wash it. It will flake more in a 2 weeks time span from being flat ironed than it would from not being washed for almost a month while curly (I wash my hair once a month when it's cold outside). Any suggestions on how to help with this? If it matters my texture is 3c/4a.&&&I usually flat iron it just once and leave it alone. I wrap it so I don't have to put heat to it again and not cause heat damage. My hair is usually fine with the heat but my scalp gets so dry."
