index,id,comments
BoxedBoobs,8e7ogc,"Hi! I’m sorry to hear that stress has been affecting you so adversely. There are several sources that say stress can cause hair loss, so reducing that stress is step #1, which makes me think that low manipulation styles would be best for you. Have you ever gotten braids, worn a wig, or gotten a sew-in? I’m thinking if you can just have one less thing to worry about (like your hair), you can perhaps focus on chipping away at the other life stressors. "
Happy_Stone,8e7ogc,"If money isn't an issue I would get cornrows and maybe a natural type wig if you don't like the look of cornrows. 
A huge amount of stress can cause hairloss.
I agree with the other commenters go see a doctor.

I really feel for you I do. It seems like you've got alot on your plate. If you ever need to talk about non-hair stuff feel free to DM me. 
Good luck.
"
IAmMicki,8e7ogc,"It really sucks that this is happening to you. IMO you should see a doctor. You called the amount of hair loss ""tremendous"". It sounds like a sign of something very important that a doctor should look into. You're likely stressing yourself out even more trying to diagnose yourself. "
gardenofeden91,8e7ogc,"I'm going to second going to the doctor, for sure! I'm also wondering about your diet. When I've been stressed to the gills like you've expressed, I tend to not be eating well either. If the nutrient deficiency is ongoing, I'm sure that would begin to effect everything, including your hair. Just a thought. "
jazminaaaaa,8e7ogc,"Natural hair in need&&&If i had to explain my lifestyle as of late (the last 5 months) i would say stressed. Stressed everyday, stressed trying to have fun, trying to find momentary peace, stress finding time to meditate.. everything. 

With this stress has come more issues like the fact that my hair is shredding more than it has ever shed in my life. I’m in my second phase of being natural. My first phase was from birth to seventh grade, then i got a relaxer and kept them up till my senior year of high school. My second phase at natural hair started my first year at college, for the entire first year i didn’t flat iron, relax, or protective style my hair, i just let it be. My second year away at school about October time i cut most of my hair off and have been fully natural since. 

It’s been three and a half years since i cut most of my hair off and I’ve never had issues w my hair shedding or even having a lot of hair come out when detangling, except for the last few month when the amount of hair coming out of my head has been tremendous and I’m not really sure what to do about it. My biggest issue now is hairstyles. Five days out of the week i have to wear a hat at work and ponytails are not feasible anymore, as the back of my hair has begun thinning. My hair, in a stretched style touches my clavicle on the sides and on the back is halfway to my bra strap across my back. 

If you have any hairstyle suggestions i would greatly appreciate it! As well as ways other than obvious limiting my stress to prevent hair loss. 

THANK YOU! "
makattack002,8e7ogc,"This might sound tedious but have you ever counted the amount of strands that have been coming out? You naturally lose up to 100 hairs a day and if you're not washing everyday that can build up. This is especially true with curly hair because it can't just fall out..it gets stuck and wrapped up in our curly hair. 

I lose tons of hair and I wash twice a week. "
ArtFashioNerd,8dy3da,"Desperately searching for a natural hair salon in Los Angeles. Preferably one that can treat and style my mane but also does box braids, twists and other protective styles. Any suggestions?&&&"
Awakeat5amagain,8d6n1o,Maybe you just need a trim ....
BoxedBoobs,8d6n1o,"I agree with the other poster here who said your hair looks healthier in the second picture—it has more shin and the curls look super moisturized and bouncy. The first pic where there is heat damage those stringy ends are making it look weighed down IMO, but I’m not there in person to see so it could just be the mf’ angles. "
floydthebarber94,8d6n1o,"I also agree, it looks healthier to me"
luhhsetty,8d6n1o,"I feel like my hair is even thinner when I stopped using heat&&&So I stopped using heat for the past 4-5 months expecting my hair to be thicker since it really thinned out from the heat. I honestly feel like my hair gotten even thinner and flatter. I especially thought it was weird since I did the semi big chop. I didn’t notice it until I saw old pics of my curly hair back when I was still using heat. It looked so much thicker. Yes you could see a lot of heat damage, but it was thicker 

I watched a video of a girl saying when she cut out heat, her hair looked so thin. And she said her hair just needs heat and will use it in moderation to that her hair can thrive again without getting too damaged. 

Here are pics of me with heat damage but it looks fuller 

https://imgur.com/a/NKibd

And this is when I stopped using heat 

https://imgur.com/a/gf0Ed&&&No maybe you are right because I only thought this when I saw the pics of me &&&You really think the before looks more healthier? "
rosehipseedoil,8d6n1o,"i think it looks fuller and healthier without heat though? even if it was thicker when you used heat, the difference is so minimal that i'd say go for no heat. "
tallulahbelly14,8d6n1o,"Obviously you know your hair best, but from those pics I wouldn't say it looks thinner now. I think it definitely looks much healthier though. 

A few years ago I also convinced myself that my hair needed heat, but I realised that I was only relying on it because I didn't know how to minimise tangles without heat - now that I have a bit more experience with my natural hair that isn't as much of a problem. But I do still occasionally use my hair dryer on the medium setting, and for a short time, purely for convenience. 

When I was relaxed I would use various heat protecting sprays and serums, but I've yet to find one that I like for natural hair - they mostly feel leave me with a tacky, dry feel.

Do experiment and report back, I'm interested to hear how you get on!"
CreativeIndependent,8d268t,Cute and Easy Protective Style For Natural Hair&&&[removed]
JcSimba,8crr11,How to apply products 4c hair LCO method?&&&I moisturize my hair using the Lco method but i have trouble actually applying it. when i apply my products in my hair i just run my palm and fingers through it looks like a mess afterwards. And my hair is not that long and i dont have much time to separate my hair to apply the products. Easiest method?
Jojotherabbit123,8crr11,"I normally use my conditioner to help me detangle because I can work it into my hair while detangling. Then I follow through with a cream/butter and oil. Unfortunately, you might have to suck it up and spend the time to detangle your hair :/ good luck! Maybe get someone to help you!"
bbrae_alldayerrday,8crr11,"Yeah if you have 4c hair and its thick then you definitely need to detangle it and apply products in small sections.  If it's thin, fine and short you may be able to get away with large sections..  Maybe keep it in twists or cornrows for a few weeks at a time and apply products to the twists and braids?"
meqek,8crr11,Do you usually detangle your hair before you try doing the LCO method?  I find it's easier for me to apply products once my hair is detangled enough for me to run my finger through it
