index,id,comments
DoctorWhoAndRiver,98nefs,"Is an actual hair steamer better for the hair than using a heat cap (e.g., hot head)?&&&Or are the results about the same? I’m 4a. "
Monchi09,98nefs,I have a steamer and it works wonders for my hair! Just add some deep conditioner and my hair is always soft and manageable 
Bobelle,98csu6,"I just realized the reason why I have to wait so long to reach my hair goal (BSL) is that I'm tall.&&&Smh.&&&Stretched.

Even if my hair reaches the floor stretched, it will never go below my shoulders unstretched lol."
Kaiya__,98csu6,If my hair was on a new born baby that baby would have inches 
MahBubblesSW,98csu6,"Hmm, I never realized that."
clare_bear88,98csu6,Have a long neck. Can confirm 
indianajanes,98csu6,"Seriously, I see really short people with my same amount of hair & realized that my SBL length is someone else’s MBL, my MBL is someone else’s waist & so on.  But on the bright side long hair looks pretty stunning on a taller body. "
tallulahbelly14,98csu6,"Just out of interest, when you say BSL, is that stretched or unstretched?"
BoxedBoobs,98c1c2,"When I had box braids I’d wash every week or so, and then oil my scalp. Sometimes I’d use dry shampoo if I didn’t have the time to wait for my braids to dry, but that doesn’t really get rid of the stench. 

You can always re-oil your scalp and simply co-wash and not use a harsh shampoo. "
Moya1509,98c1c2,"I always wash and condition my box braids once a week. The trick is to dilute your shampoo by mixing it in a cup of water before pouring it on your hair/scalp. I do the same with conditioner so that it doesn't cause build up. 

Then through the week I spritz on a leave in conditioner diluted in water in a spray bottle. 

Your hair is probably smelling bad because it isn't drying completely after your workouts. I would try doing a light blow dry with warm or cool air after your workouts to ensure that your scalp isn't being left wet. Wet scalp and hair can lead to mildew growing in the braids. "
crimsonros3,98c1c2,I work in the hospital. So I still wash my box braids at least once a week. It makes them a bit frizzy but I know how to rebraid them. I prefer washing them than walking around with dirty hair
lunacygirl,98c1c2,"How many times should you wash box braids?&&&I have small box braids and they've been on for around a few weeks. The issue is that I workout every other day so now my hair smells really bad. I want to wash it, but I'm afraid to strip all the oils from my hair because I won't be able to pre-poo or deep condition with the braids. I'll probably have to wash it a few weeks again if it continues to smell this bad after my workouts. How many times would be too much for the style? I might keep it in until late September or early October so I might do 2-4 washes."
snowtears4,98c1c2,"I washed some that I wore a couple of times, but a good trick I learned is to get extra strong hold mousse to put on the actual braids to combat frizziness. Also, when I washed I mixed my shampoo and conditioner with water to thin it out so that there wasn’t so much soap build up. "
tallulahbelly14,98c1c2,"This is the main reason why I don’t get braids that often, although I love the way they look. I know I need to wash my hair less often when I have them in, otherwise they look a mess within a couple of weeks. But I sweat most days and I get very paranoid about having smelly hair if I can’t wash thoroughly or frequently enough. 

When I do get them, I get a nice smelling leave-in conditioner and spritz in-between washes, and try and wash my scalp as gently as possible (to limit the frizz) once a week. "
Bobelle,98a1x7,Last. Definitely not first.
MahBubblesSW,98a1x7,Definitely last. You will  lose the moisture you just put in your hair when you shampoo last.
Manai,98a1x7,"I do it first too, overnight, wash it out. Shampoo hair, detangle then put in leave in conditioner. I have low porosity hair, which is why I deep condition."
melina510,98a1x7,Last 
whatkathy,98a1x7,"Does deep condition come last OR first in the hair washing process??&&&I learned the correct order 4+ years ago. I don't do it often / I don't look back at the ""rules"" of natural hair anymore. Can someone enlighten me? Bc right now I do it first...&&&I might have mixed it up bc of pre-pooing (which was a big must in 2014) so...yeah&&&yuuup, I do it first, then shampoo and condition. I'll fix it now. Thanks!"
wildhuntressophelia,98a1x7,"I think the full hair process is:
1. Pre-poo / Hot Oil Treatment
2. Wash
3. Deep Condition
4. Daily Condition
5. Leave in Condition
6. Styler / Gel

While I don't do all the steps I always deep condition after I shampoo. "
BareBeau,97ysa1,"Chemical Free, Vitamin Enriched, Pharmacist made, Oil Based Deep Conditioner.&&&[removed]"
Expelliarmus24,97tr3k,"I'm also mixed race and I got my braids no matter what people think. It's fine girl (: just look for someone that knows your texture, so they don't put it so tight"
Kaiya__,97tr3k,Girl get the braids just not too tight you don't want to loose your edges or gave your hair break
Moya1509,97tr3k,I wish I could upvote this more than once 
Myuniversallove,97tr3k,"This! See about hair texture, look at videos and see what style you want. You can get braids; you're not pretending to be black or anything. You know you're a fair skinned half-black person! Just make sure you pick a style that doesn't damage your hair."
Sprckt,97tr3k,"Yas! As a half black woman(black father/Indian mother) raising a baby girl whose father is Mexican, I couldn’t agree more. Our baby’s hair is curly but not kinky and she is fair skinned like her father. I plan to raise her to feel proud of her blackness...even if what she looks like doesn’t fit people’s perception of what “black”’is. I’ve struggled with this a bit myself trying to find myself in black culture and Indian culture when I don’t quite fit in with both as society traditionally thinks I should. As I’ve aged I’ve learned to celebrate both. I wear my hair in braids, cornrows, and straight. I wear my hair curly while wearing sari at family events with my Indian family. I am who I am and I’m gonna live it and not care what people say. You should too! "
TheSkinCareJunkie,97tr3k,"Honestly it depends on your hair texture, if your curls are too loose or your hair is too fine it could damage your hair or the style won’t stay in your hair too long. 

But it’s completely not offensive for you to wear them, it’s your culture too! Enjoy it and fuck anyone who says you can’t. "
TheWeirdGirl143,97tr3k,"Yea, you should get them! You're still a black girl regardless and so this is also your culture. Just make sure whoever braids your hair is really nice to your edges! Cause some arent. "
bdd4,97tr3k,Stopped reading at the first paragraph. Wear the goddamn braids. Celebrating your culture isn't about whether you're passing or not. 
chainlink01,97tr3k,"You’re fineee. I have wanted some for a few years, especially since the flat iron trend has gone by the wayside. But I’ve been told by several friends who get braids frequently that my hair is probably too soft and they would likely slip/pull in a couple of weeks. I have 3B hair with patches of 3A. Just make sure if you go to get some you get someone who will be honest about the process for you depending on your hair type. "
ellamaii,97tr3k,"Honestly it only bothers me when I see it on the likes of Kylie Jenner and Kim Kardashian who are praised for starting the “trend”. Besides you are part black, that is a part of who you are and the fact that you look racially ambiguous doesn’t change that! I don’t think it’s worth holding yourself back over what people think you look like :). "
emceethighlyf,97tr3k,"Fellow mixed kid here. I would say it’s totally fine. I’ve worn braids before, though not often, because my texture doesn’t suit it well. You’re black. No one else gets to police or determine your blackness. That doesn’t mean colorism isn’t an issue, but as long as you stay mindful of that, wearing your hair in braids ain’t a problem. "
herdoftacos,97tr3k,"Ah, yes. I feel that. I'm half black half white as well, and I guess I look it? Now that I've gone natural I get Puerto Rican a lot, but I'm starting to get people who just figure I'm half black half white. IMO, we are definitely allowed to have them. Frankly, I find it hard to say someone can't wear them just because they aren't _____. That being said. I know sometimes it can feel like you aren't ""white enough"" or ""black enough"" so here's what we get to do: whatever. We. Want. You're an individual, and you have zero reason not to wear them if you want them! You understand where they're coming from, you appreciate them, get them! I'd tell the same thing to a non-black friend. I don't really care what people around me do to their hair, so long as they recognize where it comes from. Don't ask me to give you cornrows and call them ""boxer braids."" Those aren't a thing. Don't ask me to do fulani braids so you can call them Bo Derek braids. You get me?

Nobody else gets to dictate what you are and aren't allowed to do to the hair on your head(well, except maybe your mom lol). "
iamCHIC,97tr3k,Of course. 
leileiquisha,97tr3k,Wear braids if you want. Dont worry about other people. 
lunacygirl,97tr3k,"Who cares, wear the braids if you want to. Your race shouldn't be a determining factor for whether you should or shouldn't."
milesfromsonic,97tr3k,Girl I braid hair for a living and I give white girls braids all the time!! Don’t let people stop you from doing something YOU want to do. This whole culture vulture thing is a drag and just be u.
tjh28,97tr3k,"I think if it works for you hair, wear them! Screw everyone else's opinions."
widmizical,97tr3k,"Being mixed race and braids&&&Hello! I have a question about hair, but also, I suppose, race and culture. My mother is black and my father is Portuguese with dark features, and both my sister and I are rather fair skinned with “ambiguous” features and curly hair. Growing up, people thought I was Latina or white a lot of the time, but sometimes I did (and still do) get people who can tell I am black and white. 

I was raised almost entirely by my mother and her side of the family until I got older. My white family members, along with the usual media messages, bred self-hate into my feelings about my hair, to the point where I was straightening twice a day. I have unlearned that and chopped off most of my hair to try and grow back healthier curls.

What I am wondering is - is it okay for me to get braids? I am often not seen as black, though when I edit my hair to braids on apps I feel I don’t look like I could possibly pass for white anymore. Further, as I grow older and grow into myself, I find less and less people ever mistake me for white. However I went out of my way to look like white girls for a long time, so I am fairly used to that reaction and I am worried that I will offend someone when wearing braids, which is never my intention.

I think logically that I am “allowed” to wear braids - my mother and my cousins are practically arguing over who can finally braid my hair. But I want to ask, and in a group about hair - do you ever feel negatively about very light-toned/mixed looking or Latina women wearing braids? Do you ever wonder if theyre white? Its my culture too, but I worry about the appearance of appropriation. I would hate to upset anyone.

Sorry if this isn’t worded well - I always feel like I am tripping over my words when talking about this, because I know biracial people can be obnoxious as hell when talking about their heritage/struggles with it."
50coolstorybro70,973mv8,"Dying my natural hair?&&&Heyyy sooo I have curly hair about 3c/4a curls and I'm trying to go for a medium to light brown maybe even dark honey blonde butttt, I've dyed my hair jet black a couple times. I tried to put blonde dye over it about a month ago and it turned kind of Malcolm x red in the sun, and darkkk brown in the house. But now like a month later it seems to just be dark all the time. 
It's been 4 weeks and I want to dye it again with a blonde dye but what if it doesn't work? What if it damages my hair with no color pay off?
Should I use a color oops? Should I use bleach?? I just want a cute brown!?? Helppp "
herdoftacos,973mv8,"You'll probably have to bleach. A strong developer, depending on the brand, may help, but if yo ideally want it to show you'll need bleach. Frankly, I'd recommend talking to a stylist who knows/has/does curly hair often. They'll be able to tell you what steps to take to achieve what you want"
itsjust_dev_,973mv8,I just dyed my hair a  brownish red I had to use bleach to make the color pop because I have jet black hair and it barely showed up 
Bobelle,972zi9,"I have 4b/c fine strands.

Cornrows and mini twists are great.

I don't have any advice for blowdrying and setting, sorry."
SweetTNWhiskey,972zi9,"It said my comment was removed for posting a YouTube video, but the video is not of me and I don’t feel like messaging anyone. Let me know if my comment is still there. &&&I’m 4C with thin hair. I keep my hair flat twisted. Usually I flat twist with Marley hair to give myself volume or I just flat twist my hair. Keeping the hair flat twisted is a good protective style and I usually keep it up for a week then take it down and wash it then re-flat twist. It keeps my hair stretched without having to blow dry if I need to have a stretched twist out for what ever event. [A good flat twist styling video.](https://youtu.be/ClfnCH6tMco) "
Worstmodonreddit,972zi9,"Got caught in the spam filter, I freed it and a few others. "
cherryjune,972zi9,"I don’t have fine hair but [ProtectivePrincess](https://www.youtube.com/user/ProtectivePrincess) on YT has fine 4C hair and gives lots of great tips about moisturizing and styling her hair, as well as lots of experiments she did to find out what worked for her."
lalaseestheworld,972zi9,"Tips for fine 4b/4c hair&&&Hi All,

Just wondering if any of you have fine 4b/c hair. I search YouTube, Insta, Pinterest, BHM, etc but I just never really see people with fine hair. Maybe my hair is fine and low density and that’s the trouble. It’s just so cottony light and doesn’t have much weight, even as it grows longer. It makes having a twistout or anything difficult to keep for more than a day because it’s so fluffy and light but then gets super smooshed at night.

Does anyone have tips for hairstyles for fine/low density hair? Preferably something that can last a week? I’m also not into braids and things because I don’t like things attached to my head. 

So far blow drying and then setting gives a nice result, but how do I make it last?????&&&No, it’s not there. What’s the title of the video and the creator, I can look it up. Hoping no one gets in trouble for that...."
Bashslash,9713ga,Natural curls/naps i think I have. Should I use a hair sponge over them?&&&https://imgur.com/a/lO4WWc1&&&do u have any screenshots of ur hair? curious. Do you shampoo everyday?
PrairieJack,9713ga,"I've gotten similar results using my hand. I have really short, type 4, hair. I spritz my hair then that the palm of my hand and light rub in a circular motion. I have really good results when I'm washing my hair. I shampoo, then use a leave-in detangling conditioner and with my hand rake through my hair (in a forward motion). Curls form and my hair looks similar to yours. The more moisturized they are the bouncier they look. You might have to switch up your products. I use the [Camille Rose Naturals Coconut Water Leave-in Detangler](https://cdn.shopify.com/s/files/1/0980/9736/products/CRN-Coconut-Water-leave-in_1024x1024_3a07dc3a-5872-4e5b-87e2-fe2b6501333b_1024x1024.png?v=1470835768)"
