index,id,comments
Dr_Feeble,7v8kb6,"I did a mini chop yesterday. I had gotten heat damage from a visit to a hairdresser a few months ago, and had spots where my hair was bone straight. I got tired of dealing with it and cut off all of the straight parts. Of course if I blow dry it again it will be uneven, but I don’t care. I missed having all of my ends be curly "
LalaDub,7v8kb6,protective style could help you get through this rough spot but eventually you’ll need to cut off all the damaged hair anyway. Transitioning is easier when all/most of your hair is it’s natural texture. What about a mini chop?&&&Maybe finding a way to pull it back that’s isn’t causing too much tension will work? When my hair was longer I would slick the front and back down really good and put it in a messy bun. I tied it down and used fell to get it to lay smooth so I wasn’t relying on the tautness of the bun to keep it smooth.
mistyokmon,7v8kb6,"I sometimes want to shave my head&&&I have TERRIBLE heat damage! like I thought I had low density hair, but in reality it’s not.....it’s just so damaged from years of heat. My hair is full on the top but gets so stringy in the middle/bottom! Especially the back of my hair is extremely stringy, you can barely tell if my roots are thicker or not because it’s so damaged. I sometimes want to shave my head, but I know I wouldn’t want that. I got a trim a month ago, and it’s too soon for another, but I just want one. Maybe I should get a protective hair style so I don’t have to be reminded everyday of how damaged my hair is. 

Like I have no idea what my hair texture is cause my curls are waves. I try products but it jsut gets poofy/frizzy with no curls. Even when it’s wet, the curls aren’t there.

I started my transition a month ago so I know I have to be patient but I just hate my hair so much right now 

Here is the disaster of my hair 

https://imgur.com/a/Iysbt&&&Yeah I feel like doing that. It’s just that I’m bad at hairstyles and I can only do a bun but I heard tieing your hair too much (like pulling it all back) isn’t good. I want to maybe find a place that does nice protective hairstyles that maybe I can wear for 2 weeks?&&&That could work. It’s just the stylist told me the front part of my hair is weak so I need to be careful. But damn when it comes to head damage, the longer strands of my hair is a mess. So damn stringy! 

And also I fear that a scrunchie or hair tie might break my hair I use it too much. "
penguincatcher8575,7v8kb6,Put your hair in braids! I’m a big fan of a simple French braid or a crown. 
AdannaDaily,7v4mcc,Natural Hair Hacks&&&[removed]
FairiesAreEvil,7uzg7e,"
If you’re gonna wash everyday then don’t use shampoo all the time, that causes some of the drying effects being talked about.
What about the length of your hair? I know you said barber (implying short, fade etc.) but if it’s longer as a result of trying to grow it out then you can wash lass frequently."
__Shadynasty_,7uzg7e,"I wash twice a day. I condition in the shower, then add coconut oil after towel drying 75%, then I add a little more conditioner and some curl gel. "
bennodabear,7uzg7e,"Sorry I'm not a guy but i hope I can still help. I also have dry hair. 

You should get a leave in conditioner, it's basically just a moisturizer. Shea moisture Jamaican black castor oil one is good. You should also try deep conditioning, it's a mask treatment that replenishes hair. Any deep conditioner that says dry hair should be good. Read instructions.  Aloe Vera juice in a spray bottle would be a good moisturizer too. If i knew your hair type it'd be easier to judge. "
keto_name0529,7uzg7e,"I don't know what texture of hair you have, but I know that my heavily kinky hair would not be pleased with daily washing. Shampoo on the daily sounds terribly drying."
marination1016,7uzg7e,"Black mandem. My barber said I should condition and wash my hair every day. I know most people do it like once a week or every other week but my hair gets super dry and people always think I don’t wash my hair as a result. Could he be right?&&&I currently use Argan shampoo, a shea moisture conditioner that washes out and have Argan oil spray. I can’t really buy anything else as I live in Scotland during uni, but I can of course pickup products when I’m back in the states. These are the products I’m currently using https://imgur.com/gallery/j4x8g&&&In the time since I posted this question I watched this video: https://youtu.be/K-KybFRmdrE so basically daily wash with only water and conditioner and then get a leave in conditioner like he shows in the video &&&Yea that’s basically what the video said, idk about twice a day though my guy."
notdaBroccoli,7uzg7e,"I would consider adding oil to your regiment. The oil will help you maintain moisture. I've also used a spray bottle with water in between washes to add moisture. 
I think a daily wash and condition is too frequent and ultimately very expensive.
Are you familiar with the LOC method? 

https://www.naturallycurly.com/curlreading/kinky-hair-type-4a/loc-method-the-routine-every-curly-should-know"
bigpuppyeyes,7usu14,"Hmmm...well it depends on your hair type but I would recommend researching one or two products that fit your type and testing those out. Generally, natural hair is happiest when it's not weighed down by product and left alone. So if you do a twist out, you'll need to tie it up at night and keep your hands out of it during the day.

Also, don't get discouraged if you twist out doesn't look like the YT videos. Not everyone can be a hair stylist lol. Have a plan B just in case (for me, it's a puff with a headband). "
jamlesstoast,7usu14,"After I do protective styling, I do a deep condition treatment. Styling wise, maybe: perm rod set, twist out, high/low puff, braid out, finger coils."
peechie,7usu14,"Coming out of braids and need help wearing my hair natural&&&So I am new to natural hair. I had a weave for 2 years and then in August I took it out and wore my hair natural. Then I got sick of the maintenance lol and out braids in in late November. The stylist said they would last two months and we are there and I am sick of them and ready to take them out.

So, I tried to make an appointment with my stylist and long story short she double booked me and I can't get in tomorrow, but I'm still taking the braids out. But I honestly have little idea of what products I need or should use and what I should do to it after the braids are out. I plan on attempting a twist out
 Please help!&&&Puff with headband always! Hhaha&&&Also I have looked at many YouTube vids but I figured I would post here as well!"
TanakaCole,7tqdpj,I have seen quite a lot of people asking for easy hair dos for 4c hair . Maybe this can help check out my tutorial on my YouTube channel . It’s very easy and a great style protector . Hope this helps someone&&&[removed]
