index,id,comments
25_timesthefine,84x901,Honestly I think you should go to a professional. Ask questions while getting it done so that maybe you can do it yourself next time. Bleach does loosen your curl pattern. You don’t want to over process your hair. 
bubzyy,84x901,"Dyeing my hair?&&&Hey there curly girls! I have a question for those who know a lot about dyeing hair and what not. I want to dye my hair a chestnut/blonde color and was wondering what would be the safest way to do so without completely ruining my curls and drying my hair out?? Any advice will be greatly appreciated thank you! 

[current hair:](https://imgur.com/gallery/HoTpP) &&&Hmmm... okay that seems like the best idea tbh! Thank you! &&&Awe man. Never really like the idea of a weave nor do I want one. Thank you for the suggestion! :("
lavasca,84x901,I don't think you'll like this but I suggest getting a weave with the color and texture you want.  That us the safest but likely the most expensive option.
ozmofasho,84x901,"I would go to a salon. It's usually about $60 a pop, but you don't want your hair to be wrecked. I know too many naturals who started dyeing/bleaching their hair and had to cut a lot of it off because of damage."
unstoppabru,84x901,"If you have the money, go to a salon. They can take care of your hair much better than doing it at home and doubly so if you go to people who specialize with curly hair.

If you don’t and still want to do it or don’t mind seeing what happens to your curl pattern, bleach your hair with the lowest volume developer you can over the course of a few weeks. What I mean by that is, one day use a 10 or 20 volume developer with your bleach and see how light it gets. After you wait a week, deep condition and then wait about 1 to 2 weeks to do any more bleaching. Although, word of warning, it’ll most likely only lighten to an orange/red color because of the undertones. Try to see if you can then use purple shampoo and toner to get the orange out to your liking. And then deep condition like a mofo. If you really feel like it isn’t light enough, then bleach again but for not nearly as long.  And then deep condition like a mofo.

Bleach will always damage your hair but if you’re starting out with virgin hair, it doesn’t take too long to get to a more chestnut. It might be tempting to use 30 or 40 volume developer or bleach over and over again within a few days but that is a sure way to damage your curl or (at worst) burn your head and lose your hair. After 3 rounds of bleach on natural hair during the course of a month, my curls were always frizzy, stringy and lifeless. I’ve shaved my head 2 times after attempting this and though happy with my original results, I admit I went overboard trying to keep up with my roots.

Sorry if this post is long, but I do think it’s possible to get what you want by doing this at home. You just have to be veeeeery careful."
EdithKelly12,84kr37,Some of the Benefits of Protective Styles&&&[removed]
HowYouDoinz,84jl2c,"Keeping braids in too long?&&&Got box braids last week in December. I had a twa. My mom thinks my braids can last until end of semester( May) but I don't want to damage it by keeping them in too long. When is best time to take it out? I don't know how long my hair is and how I will style it for the rest of the semester?&&&When I got them I was a twa and I'm scared to take them out because I don't know my length. I'm also in undergrad, do you know any cute styles for short hair?"
katsyourkid,84jl2c,"6 to 8 weeks max!! 

I just took out some faux locs I got in January and I thought that was too long. Take them out, let your hair breathe, and reinstall if needed.

When I was in undergrad I had a routine of taking them down on Thursday, hair wash and conditioned on Friday, let it breathe fully Saturday, then reinstall on Sunday. Your hair needs to breathe a little. "
otakurini,84jl2c,"I did the same thing! Got mine right before the new year and took them out last Monday. I really wanted to wait till the end of March but i just couldn’t. My twa is a little longer and is actually healthier! (It really needed a break lol) 

So I say it depends on how your hair is feeling. If my braids were nicer quality (new braider I didn’t like that much) I would have left them in for another 2 weeks.   

EDIT: To answer your question. No I would not leave them till the end of May. The end of March is the latest I would leave them in. I just pick out my twa and wear headbands. I’m new-ish to being natural too so now that my hair is a little longer I’m not sure either. "
peechie,84jl2c,2 months max!! Time for them to come out!
HowYouDoinz,8491bh,"Can anyone tell me about detangling?&&&When I did twist outs , I usually just wash, condition, use leave in and other products and then begin twisting, I never really took the time to comb/detangle, is it that important?&&&Yes! I'm 4c as well, do you use a denman brush, it's gotten rave reviews but looks too harsh for 4c hair."
Robinspeakeasy,8491bh,"I am with u/passion_fruit21 on finger-detangling and keeping even that to a minimum. My hair is also 4c. As long as I keep my detangled hair clean and braided most of the time, I barely need to detangle again and 95% of the time it's by hand. Tools are for removing shed hair and I'm in a rush (once a month), but there are naturals who have gone years without combs and found effective strategies for removing shed hair.

In terms of how your detangling methods affect twistouts: definition and volume. With finger detangling, I've discovered my strands will clump, even at the root. That produces a more coily, defined twistout.

Tool detangling produces an afro. This is a perfect base for a fluffy twistout, I just need to twist very loosely. However if I want definition I'll have to braid tightly and wrap the ends around something."
passion_fruit21,8491bh,"I used to finger detangle before washing after pre pooing my hair with coconut oil. I would probably comb detangle with conditioner. Rinse apply leave in oil and twist.this was time consuming. Not only it felt like my hair wasnt growing much. 

Lately all i have been doing is less detangle. I no longer com detangle my hair. If i have time i finger detangle my hair after pre poo before washing in braids. I take for the braids put my hair in sections apply cheap herbal essence deep hydration conditioner heat it up for 20-30min. Maybe slightly finger detangle sometimes i dont i Just rinse conditioner off. Do oil rinse. Apply leave in oil afterwards and style my hair in braids or twist. During the week i por my hair in braids wash my hair with only water. Or i simply just spritz Water on my hair and i reapply leave in or creme if my hair is dry if its not than i only use water and oil. 

I dont know your hair texture but i have 4c hair and for me moisture is the key. If  my hair lacks moisture it gets dry and tangles easier. I stopped using Combs now only if i flat iron my hair. The reason is that i felt like it wasnt only detangling but it was putting so much pressure on the strands that it lead them to come off or breaking. With this it caused less hair retain."
Queen_OfThe_Internet,848sg7,"What's Your Hair Hack? Mine is green tea and lemon.&&&A friend got me a giant box of green tea that I've been trying to use in anyway possible, and what I found is that green tea works really well as a refresher hair spray.

 

I also discovered that washing my hair with freshly squeezed lemon juice once a week + my regular once a week leave in conditioner is da bomb! My hair feels 
 silky, even on days when I just use the refresher spray.


Whats your hair hack?&&&I've got 4b hair. Some parts are c, some a. But I feel ya on the dry fro thing.

 

What works for me is drinking more water than the recommended, spritzing my hair every morning. And really only using those three items in my hair (green tea, lemon juice, the once a week leave in conditioner)"
penguincatcher8575,848sg7,"What kind of hair do you have? Not sure that would work for this 4a-c, dry fro on my head "
JcSimba,848dxl,"Training your afro for certain styles?&&&Is it true that you can train your hair to follow certain styles?
What i mean is from a video where someone said they had regular 4c hair but after doing twist outs enough their hair started to naturally take a similar state to his post twist out style, even without having to twist
Is this an actual thing?"
Queen_OfThe_Internet,848dxl,"I've had that happen.
After months of twist outs my curl pattern loosened up.
But shortly after I tried other curl loosening methods like silk press, and that pricey vegan hair smoothing system"
Doublepuffsnstuff,83zccz,"Found a solution for my dry winter hair&&&Hey, I’m new here, but when I stumbled my way to dry hair enlightenment, I had to tell people! Well, I live in New York, where winter has been awful on my 4c hair. I was at the end of my rope until I was washing my hair/face one night. I was using my Hyaluronic Acid Serum when I remember the whole “1000 times its weight in water” thing. Feeling adventurous, I  slathered a solid amount on my damp, twisted hair, LOCd, put on a scarf and went to bed. The improvement I saw the next day was crazy! My hair was barely crunchy! My ends were a lot better too! Just wanted to share this. I hope it helps someone."
VaughnVapor,83zccz,"Whoa whoa whoa. Ok, so you used a serum like the kind you leave on your face? Did you put it on before you LOC'ed or after? I have some from The Ordinary, and I'm tempted to try it right now..."
castaliaaonides,83zccz,Currently eyeing my abandoned bottle of Hado Labo.
jamlesstoast,83zccz,May I ask which brand you tried? Curious about this.
ladyAnder,83zccz,"I had to look this up to see if this was a thing and apparently this is a thing. You can use hyaluronic acid serum on your hair. However, from what I've been gathering, you might not want to jump  to it because this sort of thing seems to depend on hair type. Mostly porosity as it's a humectant. 

Now, my hair would have no problem theoretically with using it. I've low porosity hair and humectants are my thing. "
lavasca,83zccz,I am very curious too!&&&How long ago did you do this? Have you repeated it?
veeayo,83zccz,Yes NYC + 4C = dry city!! I’m also interested in the brand you used. What was it?
naturariel,83wj3x,HOW TO DYE NATURAL HAIR! BLACK TO BROWN!&&&[removed]
Vanillaicecream757,83upn9,Struggling to find a product that works&&&[removed]
