index,id,comments
Shalon1978,9i3rt8,"Molasses softens dry, kinky, hard to manage hair.&&&[removed]"
Flowingcrown,9hlnzy,Simple and spicy...I love this hairstyle&&&[removed]
Jazzers88,9hlnzy,Where is it? 
MzCurlyHair,9hfmb2,GREAT READ !! IMPORTANT FACTS THAT EVERYBODY SHOULD KNOW ABOUT THE TOP 5 OILS FOR NATURAL HAIR&&&[removed]
mommabearmae,9h6lwr,Natural Hair Color change&&&[removed]
Ethan-Knight,9h2d2s,"My girlfriend just went All Natural.&&&Let me say I am a big fan and so happy that she decided to make the change. However as I tried to assure her the beginning is going to be tough as her hair has to grow. (Mother and sister both went natural  years ago)  But she’s loosing confidence any tips or info I can share with her to get here through the early stages? Links for short hair styles? Other blogs? Anything would be greatly appreciated

Thank you !&&&Thank you all this is great advice!! "
MuffinPuff,9h2d2s,"You are such a good boyfriend.

Lots of youtubers are full of tutorials for short styling options and natural hair care. I'd suggest some of my favorites, but I'm not sure if we have the same length & needs."
busybeerose,9h2d2s,"Just tell her to search on YouTube or Instagram. All you need to do it type in “natural hair” and the results are endless. Naptural, Hey Curlie and Mahogany Curls are some of my faves! "
gatita_,9h2d2s,"In the beginning, moisture moisture moisture. For me, after my big chop my ""scab hair"" wasnt really my (or any) texture and it was DRYYYYY. I was disappointed early on. 2x weekly DC and 1x weekly protein for that first month really helped me. After some growth came in, I went to a natural stylist who gave me a cute shape and essentially trimmed off the dead scab hair and the rest was history!!!

ALSO! just because she just big chopped (or went all natural) doesn't mean she still can't use wigs or box braids as a protective style. I didn't utilize these styles back then (because in 2010 this was considered ""cheating"" \*eye roll\*) but I would absolutely use them now!!! Just a little pop of something new and exciting can take the pressure off of having what seems to be the same 3 variations of 1-2 different ""core"" styles. (i.e. TWA with side part vs TWA with deep side part).

Finally, it sounds like you already are a supportive partner, but just reassuring how you feel for her and her decisions regarding her hair will do the rest of the work. 

Please keep us updated!"
penguincatcher8575,9h2d2s,"Tell her to follow r/blackladies 
And r/curlyhair

Honestly. Us natural girls feel similarly more often than not and it’s a struggle to feel sexy and confident with natural hair... especially when conditioned to think our hair isn’t beautiful or “good hair.” But she’s not alone! Reddit is a great place to get advice and have people cheer you on during those days of lost confidence. "
that_girl_there409,9h2d2s,"I second this. Also for style ideas, I check Pinterest and search ""Natural hair styles"", ""twist-out styles"", ""braided hairstyles"". "
unwaveringwish,9h2d2s,"Check out literally anything Issa Rae does with her hair. Also see: Lupita Nyong’o, Letitia Wright

ps this post is so sweet wow :3"
zelda598,9h2d2s,"Tell her she might need to learn how to two strand twist or flat twist. Also she needs to figure out what products to use. I suggest her to research the loc or lco method for moisturizing her hair.  Overall, it’s going to be a trial and error experiment."
zoraleahjames,9h2d2s,"Tell her to give her hair some time to go through the ""scab"" phase. The scab phase is after you have big chopped and your hair is recovering from having chemicals to now growing out from your head in its original state. After passing that phase she should see her curl pattern. Once she has discovered that and the make up of her hair, moisture, density, texture, find someone to follow that is her hair twin. Finally, embrace her magical hair. Our hair can hold onto curls, braid outs, and twists. It can be big and bold and the topic of everyone's conversation. "
Sandyeller,9gzq6s,"Issues with Frizz(?)&&&I just recently did the big chop, and I love my hair. But I have all of these like random hairs that just stick straight out. I have no idea why, or how to fix it. 
Any suggestions?

http://imgur.com/xsspnVS
&&&Thank you!!! I’ll try that "
princeamaranth,9gzq6s,"You can try using a small amount of gel or gelee. And I mean small.

When my hair is uber short, I have the same issue because my hair isn't long enough to fully curl. I rub a small amount of gel in my hands and lightly go over my hair. I try to clump/push together stray hair close to the hair that is curling, using just the tips of my finger tips, then go over it with my palms in the direction the hair is growing."
Annabana24,9gpakd,Trimming Dead Ends&&&How often are you supposed to cut the ends of your hair? The last time I got my ends cut was 4 months ago. Just curious. &&&Okay. I was just wondering about it. Thank you! &&&Thank you it does. 
Cyanide_Skiesx,9gpakd,"From what I've heard, there is no real set amount of time you're supposed to get them trimmed. Whenever you see the ends looking rough, trim them off."
that_girl_there409,9gpakd,"I had a bad habit of trimming every time it would do my twists, so about every other week, and was wondering why my hair wasn't growing. So then, I switched to trimming only when my ends felt and looked rough and scruffy, but then I felt like I was trimming a lot off. So now, I trim about every 3 months and it's usually less than an inch throughout most of my hair, but some sections grow faster and require more or less trim. If I were to straighten my hair, it's probably all kinds of uneven and I'd need to have quite a lot cut to make it even all over. RambleRambleRamble... hope this helps."
MahBubblesSW,9gow6d,"Does the Rain Affect Natural Hair?&&&I just got out from track practice and I didn't know it was going to rain so I didn't bring an umbrella. I couldn't get a ride home so I had to walk a 15 min. walk from my school. It wasn't pouring raining when I was walking, but more of a little shower. Am I okay? Do I need to wash my hair? I just did a co-wash yesterday. If it was pouring raining would I need to wash my hair then? Or just add more moisture?

btw i have 4c hair and in box braids if that matters"
Sandyeller,9gow6d,Your hair should be fine. I don’t wash mine after I get stuck in rain ¯\\(ツ)_/¯ 
_CoachMcGuirk,9gow6d,I love it when my hair gets rained on.
indianajanes,9gow6d,In most places rain water is probably healthier than faucet water :) 
skyepie39,9gow6d,"You should be fine! However, I find that if I spend a lot of time in rain when I have braids, I get more flyaways or my hair comes apart near the top more. So I keep a scarf in my pack for those occasions, just to keep my scalp protected."
twixe,9gow6d,"It might cause it to frizz up, but since you have braids in, that won't be too bad."
Aaaandiiii,9ghdyf,"In my experience, it's what you do before that makes all the difference. My hair reverts instantly too, but the Tressemme Keratin Smooth conditioner has prevented all of that. It won't help with roots which are constantly swimming in sweat, but I can make a good flat ironing last a solid month with only a retouching of the roots halfway in. 

Beyond that, I make sure water isn't anywhere in the ingredients of any of my stylers our heat protector, I keep tension on my hair at night (high pony bun), and I like very lovingly use hairspray. I like Elnett Satin because it dries instantly and my hair still stays soft enough to touch and brush."
Dejavu608129,9ghdyf,Ethnic natural hair question&&&Another question for my ethnic ladies... is there something you can put on natural hair after or while you straighten it (with flat iron) that helps it last? My hair reverts almost instantly.
MsTreme,9ghdyf,"I have to go to a professional hairstylist if I want my natural straighten hair to last more than a day. I add oil sheen at night and wrap it up to preserve it. In the morning, I spray oil sheen again and comb it down. Try not to get it wet at all so it doesn’t revert!!"
MuffinPuff,9ghdyf,"Other than a heat protectant and a good sealant, I imagine there's not much you can do about humidity in the air. You can try anti-frizz products, but I don't have much experience with those since the air in my house is dry."
beautylit,9ghdyf,"Walmart, Walgreens and CVS sell anti reversion kits and products. You can also probably find them online/amazon. There are also heat protectant shampoo conditioner and leaving you can get from silk elements (Sally’s) and chi (salon/Tj max) "
buzzlightyearr,9ghdyf,So you know is that conditioner is safe for color treated hair? 
iamCHIC,9ghdyf,Not much you can do until your hair is trained. 
luckyseaturtle,9ghdyf,"Same. I don't even make it out the door and I look like I'm wearing a giant, dark brown cotton ball on my head. "
wumbowitch,9ghdyf,"I know that usually after a night of my hair being wrapped it looks better. And only straightening when it’s cold outside, less humidity"
