index,id,comments
jea1rap,ade6e4,"South Central Los Angeles Braider Needed&&&I currently live in South Central Los Angeles, I am a male, and I am looking for someone that braid my hair in cornrows as soon as possible; I have looked everywhere and my efforts have come to no avail. I am fresh out of college, so I am on a budget; the most that I would spend on cornrows (straight-back) would be $35 and cornrows (with designs) would be $45. 

If you are up for the challenge or you know someone that is, please reply to this post and I will message you back. Also, I am looking for someone that could do the job tomorrow (January 6th).&&&True, but I am not trying to pay a lot for simple cornrows"
queenofeeveerything,ade6e4,Bro you live in LA. There is an abundance of braiders. Google African braiding salons. Check Instagram tags for braiders in LA. Yelp is also a good place to look. 
Jazzers88,adddt2,Thick Juicy Twists Illusion&&&Does anyone else feel like when doing your two strand twist that the twists aren’t as thick as you KNOW your hair is? 
Swankface87,adddt2,"I agree that products affect this, but my twisting method is the biggest culprit for me. I naturally roll/coil each strand as is twist, which makes them tighter. I've tried to make them looser by fighting the urge to roll as I go, but then my twists look messy. "
originalsoul,adddt2,"I feel as though that can change with certain products. Not that thickness is everything, but I've noticed a difference. "
soopaaflii,adddt2,Yup just finished wash day and this was also on my mind 😒
Curlygirlfeesha,adcmuz,https://youtu.be/k_RvSJr_jn8&&&[removed]
carmieeee,ad1cgf,We need a pic to make suggestions
herdoftacos,ad1cgf,"Fulani/tribal/half cornrows half box braids&&&X posting with r/blackhair

So, I just ""finished"" tribal braids on myself. They aren't done done, something cane up so I just did cornrows across the front, straight back and not in the style I plan on(one down the middle, the rest at like angles? I'll try and attach a pic but idk). I don't think I like the front. I can't tell if it's because they're just straight back, or because I definitely messed up in the adding hair(the red doesn't start/show till like halfway down) or if it's all in my head but I feel like I look like a boy(I'm not btw lol). I can't do the little forward braids, we are not compatible at all, but I kind of wanted tribal braids instead of box braids because it seems like full box braids would get in the way constantly.

Is This a common thing, do I just need to get used to the look since I've never had them? "
BeefJerkyFan90,acvioe,"I'm transitioning back to my natural hair. I'm almost 4 months in. I definitely agree that a lot of transitioning videos are 1+ years old. Right now I'm wearing braids. My goal is to keep them in for a month, and then get my hair trimmed and re-braided. I'm hoping to transition for one full year. Last time I went natural I lasted 9 months."
ChocolateGlamazon27,acvioe,\+1 for CON. It was really made for 4C needs
MisSinterpreter123,acvioe,"1. Congrats on transitioning. 
2. You're wise not to take advice from your friend who flat irons regularly. She probably has heat damage.
3. Get out of hair typing. It doesn't mean anything. Figure out your porosity. Go on IG and type in #transitioingNaturalhair and you will find a plethora of tips. I've been natural for 3 years but while I was transitioning, I kept my hair in protective styles or tried twist/braid outs to blend the textures. 
4. Good luck."
StarMoonNDC,acvioe,"I have been using Cantu a lot. Just started watching videos about using ""hair grease"" and Peppermint essential oil, worth checking out. 

To me, transitioning was just making sure my hair was moisturized, finger detangling only and finding a hairstyle that worked with 50/50 hair(buns all day🙄)&&&Yea, I was too afraid too...lol"
VOL03,acvioe,"What are you favorite Adwoa products? Ordered the sample kit a few days ago, excited to try it.  "
ZusieCat,acvioe,I agree about Giovanni hair products; LOVE their stuff.&&&Creme of Nature products are not natural or healthy...check ingredients
empathalogist,acvioe,"Creme of nature products are my faves right now, especially the Moisture and Shine Curl Activator Creme. My high porosity 4c hair loves them. "
tranquiltb,acvioe,"Transitioning?&&&Is anyone transitioning anymore? I try to find YouTube videos for transitioning naturals but they are all 1 or more years old and I’ve pretty much watched them all. 

I’ve been transitioning for ~1yr&2months

Also any 4c naturals that have good product recommendations? 

I need more natural hair friends! My best friend has been natural since highschool but she flat irons her hair like 2-3 times a week so I don’t really take advice from her lol. 

&&&Have you tried Cantu? I started to use the Leave-In conditioner repair cream and I like it.&&&Thank you! 

Yeah, she gets the Dominican blowouts and everything! 

I am actually medium to high porosity and my hair seems to like thicker products. I actually follow that hashtag on IG already! &&&I mix / use olive and grape seed oil . Right now my natural hair reaches right below my ears, I think that’s too short so I don’t plan on big chopping . &&&I had in braids for most of summer and then most of fall but I’ve been noticing that my edges on my left side is thinning although, I noticed it long before I went natural. So I’m taking a break from braids.  Right now I’m protective styling with my hair in flat twists. Also, I trim my hair myself every wash day. "
yourbestbudz,acvioe,"I’m 4c and really love Giovanni and this new line Adwoa. Adwoa is black owned so I try to support them as well. I’m done with Shea Moisture. It never works for my hair. Also, I think because it’s so May natural videos on YT people stopped making them. "
25_timesthefine,acrk2z,"I usually put Ampro Shine n gel on wet hair to lay it down, then a Kristin Ess edge control ($10 from Target) on top to realllyyyy get it flat. Then I put a scarf on it. I will say though that my hair in front is 3c-ish "
PoetryRaven,acrk2z,"Product recommendation&&&I'm looking for a good product to slick my type 4 hair (for a sleek looking high puff).  I've tried various eco stylers, creme of nature gel,  various gorilla snots, g2b (both),  etc.  
They all work moderately well I guess but I'm looking for a quick dry super sleep hair gel/glue.
One product I've seen is the she is bomb hair goo (ig brand)  and it seems to work really well but the container they sell it in seems too small. 

I may be to presumptuous in thinking my 4b/4c hair can slick so smoothly like type 3/4a.

Maybe I should try the got2b freezing spray? &&&I used that before,  both the regular hold and the extra hold. And it never really worked for me.  However, I never bothered to tie my hair down.  Maybe that was the problem? &&&Thx for the tip! &&&I've tried that eco styler with moderately good results.  I was just annoyed that I had to but got 2b and other products over top of it to get my hair to last. Maybe I'll try it again since It is pretty inexpensive. &&&I've tried both,  wetline is only really good for my wash n gos.  I'll give Murray's another shot tho. "
Stb32601,acrk2z,"I use the creamer of nature Aragon oil edge control, it works best if your hair isn’t super wet when you use it. Also, make sure you wrap it with a scarf for a few minutes, 15 or so. That’ll help it settle."
ayoovee,acrk2z,Ecostyler red top and a good scarf let’s my 4c hair lay down. You’ll slick down but you’ll never look like a texture you don’t have. 
glodoll,acrk2z,i've heard good things about wetline extreme and murray's
angefask,aconp1,Hair Juice nourishes depleted hair follicle cells with essential nutrients needed for instant and natural hair regrowth.&&&[removed]
SilentVacation,aclw5w,My hair doesn't grow...&&&[removed]
3decadesin,acbwyi,"Puff holder recommendations?&&&I’d like to find a puff holder that is gentle and tangle free. I’ve been using an elastic headband that often has to get doubled to keep the hair neat and tight, however it becomes too uncomfortable after a while and I wind up just taking it out. My hair is very thick, coarse and dense, so I need something with a good “hold” without giving me a tension headache smh. Any suggestions?"
ariesgalxo,acbwyi,"Get a puff cuff 
PuffCuff Original 5"" https://www.amazon.com/dp/B00GQJR25A/ref=cm_sw_r_cp_api_i_BfQlCbXSM5P0Z

"
DarthBane_,acawyn,"4C Male, My Braids/Twists Shrink, also help with twist/braidouts&&&Hey so I'm a half nigerian half black american dude with 4C Hair. The front of my hair is the shortest and that's still about 10 inches or so (hangs very slightly below my chin). I don't know how long the back is, but I'm very confident that it's longer than my front (my front has always been the shortest for me).   


My issue is that when I do braids or twists, they hang and look long and nice when I first do them, but fast forward like a week, and they've shrunken up a ton.   


How can I stop the shrinkage?   


Also when I do my twist outs, the front of my hair never hangs super low. It barely reaches my eyebrows, even though when I pull it straight, it hangs below my chin. Braidouts work better for me, but even those don't show half my full length. How can i get more length in my braidouts/twistouts? Or do I need to wait for my hair to get even longer in the front?&&&U right, it's just hard cuz I've grown it so much and it still barely hangs when I do braids outs and stuff

And then when it shrinks up in protective style that gets me mad"
TSDTRT3i,acawyn,"Hun, we are black, our hair will always shrink unless we chemically alter it or damage it with heat. 


Embrace the shrinkage. Keep working on your hair and taking care of it, it will get longer. And the shrinkage won't be as drastic."
ChocolateGlamazon27,aca5i8,"The hair thing has nothing to do with religion FYI. I'm Catholic and have been a happy 4C natural since 2004.

You are a young teenager still growing and she is your mother at the end of the day. You can ask her permission to wear your hair naturally however ultimately you are underage so you need to do as she says until you are 18"
Longlegsdontcare,aca5i8,"There are a lot of Christian denominations and other religions that believe women should have “long hair” however the only one I know that doesn’t believe in cutting -at all- are Apostolic.  

On a side note you can find “Apostolic hair tutorials” on YouTube, these women have to create and share styles that essentially hide the fact that their hair is down to their ankles.  Elaborate updos and stuff."
MsMementoMoriarty,aca5i8,"Just wanted to say I also had family that used Christianity to prevent me from cutting my hair because hair is “a woman’s pride” and basically misinterpreting the tale of Samson and Delilah ....I’m saving up to get an undercut and a frohawk lol.  

My small bit of advice is that people like that are adding sexism onto their racial self hate and are probably going to see your natural hair as unfeminine and therefore “deviant.” You know your mom best, but for me the only thing that worked was taking them all the way to school about it. If they care about being proud and black at all, pushing that angle should at least help them come to accept it (even if they still don’t like the look of it). Stay calm and explain that it hurts when she judges your natural appearance for not being what white people decided was beautiful. Ask her if she hates what god gave her. Don’t get angry if she says ignorant things, tell her how sad it makes you that she was raised to believe those things about her own people. Be an example for her.

Best of luck 👍🏾

Edit: realized OP is 14 so a lighter touch will be required when confronting mom"
SugarPie89,aca5i8,"What subset of  christianity is your family in? I have never heard that one before lol. Truth be told a lot of olcer black folks do not like natural hair. My mom says negative comments about our hair all the time. It is really annoying honestly, and I really don't care if they don't like what my hair looks like cuz it's my head not theirs. But I think you are not seeing things. Your mom doesn't like it. She has been brainwashed to think ""nappy hair"" is bad hair. I remember watching an episode of the Tyra Bank talk show on youtube, and it was about natural hair. One of the guests said she was ashamed of her daughter when she transitioned and often didn't want to introduce her to people. She felt that this was not the daughter she knew before and crap like that. It's really sad.&&&I don't know this sounds a bit excessive. I don't think your parents should have full control over your appearance as a teenager, but mine surely did. One day my younger sister got faux locs. She used a mix of this red or orange braiding hair with black hair and my dad forced her to take it out. I truly hate this about my father. He is one of those people who think ""wearing xyz will distract your classmates"". He even bosses my mom around when it comes to hairstyles and color choices. "
sleepy-trash,aca5i8,"Is it just me or is my mom not into natural hair??&&&I'm 14 and at this point i've been transitioning since May 2018. I had severe heat damage from getting my hair done at domincan hair salons, once a month, since I transfered from homeschool to public school. Those salons were torture!! This is also around the time I started washing and learning how to take care of my own hair. The only interaction my mom has with my hair now is when I need her to braid it, since I'm using braids to grow out my hair.

During these times, I usually get called out for not properly detangling my hair and my hair being a ""nappy mess"". I also get called out for not taking care of my hair properly. As I've went through my transition, I have gotten better products and found more information on how to take care of my hair, altough the comments haven't really changed. For some background knowledge, when I was a child, I had a texturiser in my hair since I'm very tender headed and it was a struggle to do my hair. The only reason it did not go on longer was because my sister convinced my mom to stop using it. (Thank you, sis!) 

Fast foward to now, I was going through pictures with my mom and I was telling her how my hair looked terrible as a kid but atleast I had full edges. she then precedes to tell me that she thought my hair looked best at that age...huh? I dont understand how my hair looking a mess was better than my hair now?

When she was braiding my hair last week in cornrows, she decided to partially flat iron it to make it easier on her to do.

As she did this, she commented on how my hair felt terrible and how i need to stop using all the products i currently use... The reason my hair felt terrible was because is was almost a week after i washed my hair, and it was being kept under a scarf in twists. The way I moisturize my hair is in this order: Water, SM Jamician black castor oil leave-in, argan oil, and shea butter. It was completely detangled when I put it in twists.

I also saw her look at a girl with natural hair while we were in the car and say how she needed to comb her hair... all because it was in its natural state. It had looked perfectly fine, the girl's curls were popping. She has been okay with not getting my hair straightened and growing it out, but I can tell she wants me to get it flat ironed again. 

I also need to sneak and trim off damaged hair because my family's Christian and they don't believe in women cutting their hair. I think she sometimes notices but can't really tell. When she comments on it, I just pass it off as breakage. 

&#x200B;

&#x200B;"
Hakunamitatas,ac927q,"We have different curl patterns, but you might want to check out Alikay Naturals, The Mane Choice (specifically the ""do it fro the culture"" line and the ""type 4 leaf clover"" line) and Mielle Organics pomegranate honey line. A really great leave in conditioner can give you the base for good definition.

I've got 5 different patterns in different sections, so it's hard to find one product that works for everything. My favorite right now though is the type 4 line shampoo and conditioner, and the pomegranate honey leave in with a bit of curls ""goddess curls"" gel."
TSDTRT3i,ac927q,Get a denman brush! 
ladyAnder,ac927q,"You're not going to get a whole lot of definition unless you manipulate your hair. Product and tool alone won't do it and all your hair will do is just shirk back up. 

I would say to encourage definition is the good ol' twist out with a curling pudding. I've tried curl activators, I don't like them. Gels leave too much residue for me. 

I recommend a two-strand twist outs. And the curl look you get depends on the size of the twists you do. I think smaller twists give more definition. "
september00,ac927q,"How to get defined curls? (4c)&&&Hey guys, I’m a mixed girl with 4c hair and I’ve been wearing natural dreadlocks since a year ago, now I want to let it grow out into an afro. But right now it’s about 10cm in length when stretched and I’m wondering if there’s a product that has a similar result to applying oils (but I want that effect to stay the whole day). I’m talking about more defined curls basically. I’m sure most of you guys know what to do about this, but I’m clueless lol. Thanks in advance <3333"
SupremeVixen,ac6ure,"Twists Were Ripped Out if Head During Assault Attack, Several Bald Spots, Don’t Want to Cut Hair, What to Do?&&&After the attack, I immediately removed the rest of my twists. I had a lot of new growth. So a lot of my hair was ripped out, yet I still have some but a lot of bald spots. This occurred on NYE. My scalp is still sore. I washed my hair with a tea tree shampoo and conditioned it with my Shea Moisture leave in and then massaged my scalp with Jamaican Castor oil. Every night, I massage my scalp with Castor oil. Yesterday, I did and Apple Cider Vinegar rinse. My scalp felt oh so renewed after that. Now, I basically have to start from scratch with my hair. I spent 7 years growing this hair so I can get locks. However, I never followed any intricate hair care routine. I just did protective styles and let my hair grow. But now, I’m dealing with multiple bald spots. And I do not want to cut my hair. I plan on sticking to head wraps and wigs for the rest of the year to simply grow out this head. Any advice on what to do in this situation? I’ve been advised to use Lavender Oil daily and massage the scalp, Castor Oil, and a growth elixir (DIY with peppermint and rosemary), plus a weekly steam. 

My main goal is to re grow my hair! I’m not worried about how to style it. I just want to grow back a healthy head of hair after this traumatic experience.&&&I can still get crochet styles for sure. Just not now because my scalp and head is still sore. I feel as though the best option is to leave it for at least one month, before doing a crochet style. Some parts were lot ripped out from the root, so it can be braided."
TSDTRT3i,ac6ure,"I'm sorry to hear about that unfortunate situation!now I hope you're well. 

Iwould only say cut your hair if your hair were looking like Angelica's doll from Rugrats.
Are the bald spots hindering you getting protective styling like crochet styles? They are cute and full of volume that can cover any visible bald spots."
plumgum,ac6ure,I don’t have anything to add to what the other commenter said but i just wanted to say i’m so sorry that happened to you. It sounds horrible and a truly traumatic experience. I hope whoever did it is getting whatever they deserve. 
3decadesin,ac6e2o,"I’ve had this problem too. Still do tbh. My holy grails eventually become ineffective, or require far more product than I’d ever admit to use for a slick look. I’ve tried design essentials, Hicks, ebin (my current one but looking for a replacement) and mielles edge control. All worked phenomenal for a while then after a while either don’t keep my hair preserved in the intended style, require additional touch ups and constant mirror checks throughout the day, or will turn into an oil and start running down my face smh. I’ve coupled the ebin with the got 2 be glued gel but it’s not holding as well as it used to. I’ll be watching this thread to try to figure this out. Sorry I don’t have an answer to help you. I also tried kaleidoscope edge control but that simply wasn’t for me."
Beautyinloss,ac6e2o,I have to rotate products when that happens. 
MeekseesDD,ac6e2o,"My edge control stops working&&&I have used many different edge control products. The ones that I found worked the best were Design Essentials and a local product called “Loc In”, sold by someone here in Atlanta. 

But after a few months of using them, my edges will not cooperate anymore. I put the product on and after 30 minutes, my edges are no longer slicked down, they have been trained naturally to lay but I like the “slick look” 

Could my skin/scalp be too oily? Should I just switch it up yet again? 


1/4 Update: 
Hey ladies, I ended up going with Ebin and it works like a DREAM. I got one “ultra super hold”  and one “extreme firm hold”. Both work really well and they’re so decently priced at $8 but I was really annoyed at the names of the  “levels” of hold. Lol why all the adjectives?! 

Anyway, thank you all again :) 
I’m hoping this lasts a while and I don’t have to switch up again. &&&Yeah I might have to do that.&&&What do you recommend? &&&It’s so annoying right?! Mine just turns into an oil too like within minutes. "
carmieeee,ac6e2o,"You may also need a heavier edge control, one with more hold."
