index,id,comments
blackanimegirl,8kxv33,"hair event happening in chicago and cleveland for professionals&&&I guess.... From reading the description this is for educational purposes for those already licensed in the industry to learn more. 
I see nothing but women of color on here so I'm assuming they probably focus on that area of the hair business 
https://www.eventbrite.com/e/united-women-in-white-goes-pink-tickets-42910250715

https://www.eventbrite.com/e/h2-healthy-hair-summit-tickets-45451326140"
beautylit,8knkgh,"Wash and flat iron on different days. 

Wash, deep condition, detangle and do tight braids to stretch your roots as much as possible. 
Let these air dry overnight. 

Take them out and blow dry your hair as straight as you can get it using heat protectant of course. 

Straighten your hair in the setting that gets it straight in 2 passes. You want to limit the amount of passes you do. 

Use the comb/brush chase method where you put a comb In Front of the straightener so that the hair is heated more evenly as it passes through. (See examples on YouTube)  use small 1/4 inch sections. This should take you a few hours. 

You can attempt silk wrapping your hair with saran wrap after it is straightened.  I’ve never done it. 

You can also try putting your hair in rollers if you have them. 

If you can wash your hair today, blow dry Ana straighten tomorrow morning then keep t wrapped for 12+ hours till Monday that should work. 

If you don’t have one you may want to try one of those dry oils or frizz serums. Good luck and  congrats on graduating! "
lolipoplolipopohloli,8knkgh,"Anyone have experience with doing flat ironing their own hair? Advice needed&&&I have a graduation on Monday and I can't book an appointment before then so I was going to attempt it to do it myself. The problem is whenever i try to straighten my own hair it never gets sleek and usually turns out looking more like a blowout than a silk press and with less bounce. My hair is 4c, about shoulder length when stretched, and the strands are fine. Any tips would be really helpful!&&&This was really helpful, thank you! "
Cinna_Bunny,8kkrgc,"What to look out for when looking for hair braiders on instagram&&&Hey guys, 

There doesn't seem to be many places that cater to natural hair \(or braiding in general\) in my area so I'm looking on instagram for 'kitchen salons'. Anyone done this before? Know any signs \(good or bad to look out for\)? There was one that I was looking at but the lady needs hair to be 'blown out' \(not sure how straight that is\) and free of product. 

I'm afraid of getting my hair braided with no moisturizer or anything. I don't want it to be dry but maybe I can moisturize afterwards? Thoughts?

And does anyone get their hair braided without blow drying or is that unrealistic? Thanks.&&&Thanks for the in depth response. Yeah one of my 'worries' is setting up an appointment only to be turned away the day of for how thick my hair is lol. It's a little inconvenient. I've also been trying to peep how people's scalps look in closeup pictures but there's so much filter. I will look into the church ladies.&&&Actually there are quite a few African braider shops. People have been scaring me that I'll leave the store without my edges lol but the results always look good."
TraineePhysicist,8kkrgc,I have my hair blow-dried by my hair-dresser before braiding. She applies moisturizer to my scalp/hair though. Check that that's what she'll be doing to your hair.
kissed_aRoosevelt,8kkrgc,"Depends on you braider. My old girl could braid anything in any condition and she never made me blow out. Currently after moving across the country, my friend braids me up and she makes me blow out. I prefer not to blow out before braiding but it's not an absolute deal breaker for me (especially in the case of my friend braiding me up for free).

As far as finding someone to do it, I would ask if I could watch them braid up another client. It's easy to post perfect pics but you can't hide subpar work in person. I would also ask what products she plans to use in your hair (some will use just grease but others will try putting all kinds of other stuff that will dry your hair out). I'd ask how long she usually takes/ how fast she usually works (I've been stuck for literally days before). Ask if you can come over first (preferably to watch her braid someone else as I mentioned) so she can get a look at your hair/ head to know what she'll be working with. I've had girls who I tried to warn how thick my hair is and they told me np but then backed out and turned me away once they saw my hair in person (nothing wrong with it, it's just a LOT of hair).

Honestly, if you go to church then I recommend asking there. Find a lady whose hair you like and ask her who braids her up. I've had great results from church ladies. And lastly yes you can moisturize (and should) afterward if you end up getting blown out first. Your hair will be fine. "
magicmusi8,8kkrgc,"I used to get braids done before. I stopped wearing them a while ago, though.
 I am anti- blowOut. My hair is regular thickness, though. I think they’ll want it if your hair is really really thick. If your hair is dry, it can be really bad for your hair before braids- your hair being in extensions for a month without full access to the hair so you can properly moisturize is worse if the hair is dried out to begin with. When I went in for them, I usually brought a jar of my own favorite moisturizer for them to use to moisturize while they separated the hair.  You can definitely find people who will do it without the blow drying. Your hair will be dry after you take the braids out no matter how much you moisturize, but just make sure your roots are moisturized as best as you can, and don’t make them worse by adding heat before you put the braids in. 
I’ve never picked a braider online before, but you can ask about bringing in your own jar of stuff, I’ve never had anyone say no 

I’ve always used the Africans, they’ll wrestle with the thickest bushes no problem"
misszoeline,8kkrgc,"The other reply is really great, so I’ll just add in that you should also make a note of whether or not the braider provides the hair, how many packs he/she uses for a given style, and if the ends of the braids look the way you want them to. If you have a sensitive scalp, or if you’re just paranoid like me, you might want to bring your own hair so that you can be sure it’s exactly what you want. Different brands of braiding hair have different textures and some are more shiny and synthetic-looking than others. As far as knowing how many packs they plan to use on your head, that helps you to get a picture of how bulky/heavy the style will be. I got jumbo Senegalese twists a few years ago, and the girl who was braiding my hair originally told me that three packs of expressions hair would be enough. Then, she got done with the back and didn’t have enough to finish the front, so I had to go to the beauty supply store the next day after work, get a different brand of hair bc they were out of the one I’d used before, and then go get my hair finished. Once it was all done, they looked cute the first day, but the style was really heavy so I was unable to put it in any sort of bun or ponytail, and even though I stretched the hair for her, some of the ends were looking kind of raggedy. By the third day they were starting to slip out of my hair because the weight of the twists were too much for the size of the sections she used. Plus, I didn’t get the opportunity to rinse the hair that I bought at the last minute in ACV, so the front was super itchy. The whole thing was really annoying. Just do your research before choosing, and you should be fine!!"
BoxedBoobs,8kcckj,I haven’t done henna simply because it looks so messy! How do you contain the mess??&&&Oh I may def try the Henna gloss! I cannot fully commit my all white bathroom to henna just yet hahahaha 
HumbleAbbreviations,8kcckj,"Just tried the Shea Moisture Mongongo and Hemp seed masque for high porosity hair and I have to say that stuff is the truth! My hair is so damn soft, like baby hair.  I can't keep my hands out of my hair.  All I need is a trim and my hair is Gucci.  Target and Walmart is selling it for 6 dollars and some odd change.  Just go to customer service desk and price match it to each respective website.

Other recommendations:
Shea Moisture Manuka Honey masque
Maui Moisture masque (look for the Shea Butter and Coconut milk) 
Eden Bodyworks Almond Marshmallow hair masque


All these conditioners are under 10 USD and can be found at Walmart, Target, Ulta, and maybe Walgreens and CVS.  Good luck."
NoEffortWentIntoThis,8kcckj,"TGIN honey miracle mask. It’s £11.99 over here (so around $13?). I find that a tub lasts around 6 applications/ 6 weeks, and I’m pretty heavy handed when it comes to deep conditioning."
Redtigerflame,8kcckj,"Eden Bodyworks Jojoba Monoi deep Conditioner is excellent. Around 8 ish dollars at Sally’s. A little cheaper at Walgreens. 

If you have color treated hair, when it’s on sale , Matrix RAW kaolin clay is amazing. It lasts a long time. I bought my last one from Ulta in November and just ran out this week. 30 dollars off sale. 12.00 on sale. 

Maui has some good ones. I can’t remember the full name but it is in a fuschia container. Those are less than 5 dollars. 

I really like the shea moisture coconut hibiscus line. 

You could also make your own with base+ target areas
In example:

kaolin clay+ honey+henna = moisturizing and strengthening mask ( around 10 dollars but over 10 uses)

Green clay+ Greek yogurt = protein mask ( around 7 dollars but over 10 uses)

Kaolin clay+ fav conditioner = whatever your conditioner is target plus more moisture.  ( around 6 dollars but many uses)

bAC henna + Greek yogurt+ green tea=  moisturized bouncy hair.  ( around 12 dollars but many uses)

I’m a big believer in henna masks for the hair. "
Robinspeakeasy,8kcckj,Shea Moisture high porosity masque is the best one I’ve tried.
_CoachMcGuirk,8kcckj,Honestly the Aussie 3 minute moist whatever is really good. Also the Shea Moisture Jamaican Black Castor Oil masque
brightlove,8kcckj,My all-time favorite is the Nubian Heritage Indian Hemp & Tamanu Deep Treatment Masque. It also works as a leave-in treatment so I only have wash it out for ultra moisture. It's less than $15 most places. (All-natural too!)
katsqaz,8kcckj,"Haven't tried the others but I'm seconding the eden body works, I feel like it's a lot of deep conditioner for the price"
solowanderlustalien,8kcckj,"Affordable Deep Conditioners&&&Hi, does anyone know any affordable deep conditioners that could replace the Soultanicals Afrotastic or Fro Despair? The place where I usually go to purchase the Soultanicals Afrotatsic no longer has them in stock. Anywhere between $5 \- $10, is fine. I am even willing to go up to $15, as long as it's a good product. Also, I would prefer being able to purchase this item in store vs. online. I just like the convenience of going directly to a store and purchasing the item vs. ordering online. Thanks.  

Hair Facts.

\-\-\> high porosity.

\-\-\> medium to low density.&&&Thanks."
thisisnuckingfuts,8kcckj,The manuka honey DC by shea moisture!
PBlacks,8k0y6m,"Does anyone here have lupus?&&&I have SLE and I shed like crazy. I've been finding ways to slow it down and cover it up over the years, but it's still very stressful. Anyone else have hair loss from lupus \(or other autoimmune conditions\) and have tips or just commiseration? It sucks; I feel like I'm molting all the damn time."
Toofywoofy,8k0y6m,"I don’t have anything to say to help, but I have lupus as well. (Happy Lupus Awareness month)


I can say that I relate in that some meds have loosened my hair, and I used to suffer from trichotillomania. I covered a lot with headbands and when I stopped pulling and grew out my hair again, I was fortunate to have loose curls that can cover any thinning spots.


Sorry lupus is doing this to your hair. :("
Ashex,8jpogv,"Call around and see if you can find a shop that's got someone who knows how to cut black hair, you may get lucky. I'd make the drive if I can't find someone local as I've had horrible experiences with barbers who don't know how to cut black hair. 

I live in Germany and was seriously considering taking a 2 hour train for a monthly haircut before I found an african barber shop."
SuchAFcknLady,8jpogv,"Nah, it's not worth the risk. How long is your hair currently and how short are you looking to cut? "
chocolateybeauty,8jpogv,I would make the drive if you can. It will make you feel better and a 30 minute drive isn't too bad to get exactly what you want. I may be biased though because I have had stylists ruin my hair because they were overly confident. 
penguincatcher8575,8jpogv,"The great thing about hair that short is: it doesn’t cost much to barber, and it grows out fast. Try the super cuts. If you don’t like it then go to a black barbershop."
tuumbles,8jpogv,"Should I Risk It?&&&Sorry for sounding so dramatic lol. 

I'm dead set on doing another big chop again, but I live in a majority white suburb and the closest black barbershops are 30 - 45 minutes away. I'm not looking to get any designs or anything, I just want an even cut. I don't even want a line up or anything. I would do it myself but I want to make sure it looks half decent. 

Would I be alright going to someplace like  Supercuts or Paul Mitchell (my mom does go there for her relaxers), or should I just make the drive to a black barbershop? &&&Yeah I'll probably end up going that route just to make sure I get a good result.&&&My hair is almost armpit length in the back (about 2 - 3 inches shorter in the front) and I want to cut it all off. I'm not looking to get a tapered cut or anything.&&&Not too often, I don't mind it growing out a little between cuts, so maybe once every couple months? Maybe even longer? The consensus seems to be for me to go to an actual barbershop so it looks like I'll be making the drive. &&&I found a highly rated barber shop about 25 minutes away, so I'm going to make the drive there. You guys are right that I shouldn't just trust anyone with my hair."
xXKILLA_D21Xx,8jpogv,"How often would you be going to the shop? If I were you I would go to an actual barbershop, black or otherwise, but I would never suggest anyone (especially anyone black) to go to a Supercuts, Paul Mitchell, or Lady Janes. Contrary to what they like to promote and say 9 times out of 10 most of the stylists in those places are cosmetologists, not barbers, and they have little if no training or background in barbering and likely are unlicensed to top it all off. Not to mention chances are they likely don't know squat about cutting a black person's hair. "
juliasdailytips,8jjdo6,"HOW TO MAKE BENTONITE CLAY MASK FOR YOUR HAIR&&&Hello Naturalisters welcome on board, I will be very glad if some of few folks reading this post will contribute in the comment section. So let's get started

There are so many different recipes method online but well this is basically known as the basic, usually the same quantity of Clay, Vinegar and Aloe-Vera . You can always switch up the oils to whichever oil you prefer better and add more if you desire.

The Clay Mask Recipe

* 1/4 cup Bentonite Clay

* 1/4 cup Apple Cider Vinegar

* 1/4 cup Aloe-Vera Gel

* 1/2 tableapoon Olive oil

* 1/2 tablespoon Coconut Oil

You need plastic utensils, example bowl and spoon. You can double or tripple the measurements depending on your hair length, weight and thickness.

Directions

1. Measure clay into medium sized bowl

2. Add Apple cider vinegar and mix very well

3. Add Aloe vera and mix in

4. Add Oils and mix continuously till the clay is smooth

5. Saturate your hair with water, it should just be wet and not dripping wet.

6. Section hair into 4-6 sections

7. Apply Clay to your hair starting from scalp to ends of hair in a similar fashion to how chemical relaxers are applied

8. Immediately cover hair with a plastic cap and allow to sit for 35-45 minutes, please do not carry overnight or for long hours


9. Rinse well with lukewarm water or room temparature water, massaging hair and scalp to ensure all traces of clay are removed from the hair. When you think you have rinsed enough, rinse some more


10. Do a moisturising deep conditioning, follow with your usual leave-in conditioning treatment. seal in with oil and shea butter, then poceed with styling.


This treatment makes your hair curly, soft and shiny. It could last for days.


Bonus Tip

You can apply this clay mask on your face, it helps to tighten your face pores and eradicate some extra oil, dirt and bacteria which causes blackheads, acne and pimples.


Thanks for reading!!!!
[Bentonite Clay Mask ](https://i.imgur.com/GS8y5lL.png)[Juliasdailytips ](https://www.juliasdailytips.com/2018/05/how-to-make-bentonite-clay-mask-for.html)&&&You can check on amazon, natural hair shops online and in your locality. Also local markets"
misszoeline,8jjdo6,Thanks for the recipe! I do have a question: where do you get your clay from?
Gokagear,8jfz6c,What about medium?
Raptorswon,8jfz6c," Wash With Shampoo To Remove Build\-up From Hair and Scalp: Hair retains more moisture when it's clean, so limit constant use of cowashes and cleansing conditioners to ensure hair is able to absorb as much moisture as possible 

\-\-

Do you wash every other day or? High. "
TsegaGenesis,8jfz6c,UGH! This is such good information! I need to test my porosity again. I can never remember. I just know it ALWAYS needs moisture.
juliasdailytips,8jfz6c,"Hair Porosity And How To Care For Your Hair&&&Firstly to determine hair porosity, take a cup of water and place clean, shed hairs inside the water. Wait for 30 seconds and do not touch the cup or hair. If the hair floats, it's low porosity, if it sinks to the middle of the cup, it's medium porosity and if it sinks deep inside it's high porosity.

How To Care For Your Hair Porosity Type

1. High Porosity

High Porosity hair is either a natural characteristic of hair or caused by damage. Because the hair cuticles are highly raised or chipped, high porosity hair absorbs and loses moisture quickly. This can make it difficult to care for hair and keep it moisturized, but there are some tips that can help.

■Close The Cuticle: After washing and conditioning, do a final rinse with an apple cider vinegar mix 1 part apple cider vinegar and 3 parts of water. And before moisturizing and sealing, spray hair with aloe vera juice or gel to help close the cuticle.

■Use Heavier Moisturizers and Sealants: Opt for creamy leave-ins, and seal with heavy oils and butters, like shea butter and castor oil to help prevent moisture loss.

■ Do Protective Syles Using Your Own Hair: Avoid protective styles using extensions to help retain moisture in hair. Extensions, whether with synthetic or real hair, can pull moisture out of hair making it drier and prone to breakage.

■ Wash With Shampoo To Remove Build-up From Hair and Scalp: Hair retains more moisture when it's clean, so limit constant use of cowashes and cleansing conditioners to ensure hair is able to absorb as much moisture as possible.
5. Incorporate regular protein treatments in regimen: Protein treatments help to repair high porosity hair due to damage allow it to retain more moisture.

2. Low Porosity

Low Porosity hair, unlike high porosity hair, has tightly sealed cuticles making it difficult for water to even penetrate the hair. It's also prone to build-up since products cannot penetrate the hair shaft. To effectively care for low-porosity hair, check out the tips below.

■ Limit Protein, Silicones, and Heavy Oils and Butters: Because low-porosity hair is prone to build-up, you'll want to avoid all things protein, silicones, and heavy oils and butters. Make sure you read the label before purchasing a product to ensure that its free of these ingredients, or at least has them farther down the ingredient list.

■ Use Warm Water to Wash Hair: Heat helps to open up the hair cuticle making it possible for moisture to enter the hair shaft. When washing the hair, use warm water to help remove build-up that may be on or in the hair shaft.



Thanks for reading!!!
[Juliasdailytips](https://www.juliasdailytips.com/2018/05/hair-porosity-and-how-to-care-for-your.html)&&&Yea, checking again is not a bad idea"
lavasca,8jfz6c,medium = normal here
Ashex,8jarad,"It took 3 hours to wash my daughters hair&&&Yesterday my girlfriend and I decided to wash my daughters hair as her mother rarely does it (it's often dusty and tangled) and I'd gotten fed up. 
The two of us sat down and shampooed/conditioned/detangled it together over the course of 3 hours while my daughter sat in the bathtub entertaining herself. Of course after that we oil and put leave-in so while we started around 8:30am we ended right around lunch time. 

Does anyone have tips for how to speed up the process? Does it just takes lots of practice? There's just [so much hair](https://imgur.com/a/GSZWABE) that the detangling process takes ages. 

She's only with me on the weekends so I'm wondering if I could alternative between shampoo and conditioning each weekend or something. I typically rebraid it every weekend with oil and sometimes leave-in.

Edit: Getting some questions about products (why didn't I include this in the first place):

* Shea Moisture Coconut & Hibiscus Curl & Shine Shampoo
* Shea Moisture Coconut & Hibiscus Curl & Shine Conditioner
* Cantu Shea Butter Leave-In Conditioning Repair Cream

I normally use Coconut oil but yesterday we went with Jojoba oil.  &&&You have no idea, her mom actually told me that sometimes she does the braids while it's still wet because of how long it takes her. The ridiculous thing is that her hair is always well cared for and styled.&&&No that's completely fair, her mom doesn't do her hair regularly (braids I've done stay in for weeks and when I do rebraid it there's a lot of dust/lint/dirt in them) so _maybe_ this time it was due to all the tangles that have been getting worse. But realistically I need to get a better process in there and follow it each week. 

My mom also doesn't live nearby so she just gives me tips when I talk to her.&&&Thanks for the tip, back when I bought all this I didn't think a detangler spray was necessary but I've definitely changed my mind on that.&&&That's really good advice, I've been using coconut oil when braiding her hair so I'll soak with that before washing it. I also never considered bantu knots (I'm seriously a noob at this), we usually just twist then clip it to her head to keep it out of the bath water. &&&Oh man I definitely don't wash her hair like an herbel essences ad lol. Thanks for the tips, I really need to get a brush as I'm just using a big tooth comb to help work out the tangles. I'm using Shea Moisture Coconut & Hibiscus Curl & Shine Conditioner with her hair and it worked really well yesterday (she kept talking about the smell).

Luckily my girlfriend cuts hair on the side so she's got a good idea on how to do things, she only works with caucasian hair so she did a bunch of research months ago when she started talking about taking care of my daughters. We're not blind but we don't have a lot of experience with this type of hair (I also only started getting serious about my own hair a couple months ago). 

I gotta start using oil after leave-in as it's kinda one or the other most of the time, I was just worried it would be too much product to put in at once. I'll see if I can get her to do scarves or bonnets but I got her a silk pillow case a couples weeks ago on recommendation from a friend with 4C hair (she called it a godsend).&&&Thanks for the tips! Her hair desperately needs to be trimmed so I'm going to talk to her mom about it.&&&Oh man that video is awesome, Olivia sounds way too much like my daughter.&&&Thanks for the advice! Her mom basically had her own mother doing everything for her and so she's accustomed to it (when we were first married she started panicking about her hair falling and was convinced she was going bald but really it's because her mom was always taking care of it) and so even now she takes care of her own hair but doesn't have the patience for much else.

I'll look up those products, I'm over in Europe but there's a couple salon shops in my area that carry American products. I've considering checking with her mom about cutting it a little shorter or even trimming the ends as they're super dry and damaged.&&&She's five years old."
IdRatherBeOnTheBeach,8jarad,"Forgive me if this sounds hard but I don’t think it should take that long just to detangle wash and condition. My daughters hair is very similar and it’s never taken me that long. &&&Personally, I use that for styling but I wouldn’t use it for detangling.  My two go to products for detangling are Taliah Waajid the great deranged or The Shae moisture detanglers (there are two I have low porosity hair so that’s the one I use). &&&If you don’t mind me asking, how old is she? "
PrayingforSophrosyne,8jarad,"Your daughter’s hair is gorgeous and it really sounds like you all are doing a great job overall! Others have made really insightful comments but I’ll go ahead and share what’s really worked for me. So I normally start by oiling my dry hair thoroughly, especially the scalp and ends (where most of my tangles are). I pull out all of the dead, trapped hair very gently and start finger detangling some of the trouble areas. Then I jump in the shower and wet my hair, always using a downward motion so I don’t create tangles. I then part my hair in about four sections and lather on a conditioning shampoo (e.g., generic version of Wen products). It’s like shampoo but it has oils and other moisturizers in it so you don’t have to also condition after. I alternate between this and Aveda’s shampoo for curly hair! I really like the Aveda products for the slip and how moisturized it makes my hair feel. But for the sake of time, I normally do the shampoo/conditioner mix. 

I let whatever shampoo/condition I use just sit in my hair while I shower so the steam makes it easier for my hair to absorb all the moisture. Next, I detangle with a denman brush that I modified/removed every other row. This process goes by easier when I use products with a lot of slip. I wash/rinse section by section and yeah it takes time but it really helps the whole process go by smoother. After I rinse, I pat dry my hair with an old shirt since regular towels make my hair super frizzy. Then I go ahead and use the LCO method - Jane Carter leave in spray, Shea Moisture Hibiscus cream, then finish with homemade oil (e.g., avocado, jojoba, with tea tree or eucalyptus). I put my hair in about 10-12 twists then wear those twists for about a week. I’ll wear the twists in buns, ponytails or just down until I notice moderate frizz. 

I wear this style for about a week before unraveling my twists and I repeat the whole process every two weeks. I sleep on a satin pillowcase as well and I think that’s sufficient to protect the hair. Oh and sometimes I will get my hair professionally twisted into many smaller twists that last for about three weeks, just to give myself a break! Overall, I’ve found that the whole wash time has decreased. It’s almost like my hair has gotten used to this routine so it’s easier to wash and detangle. I’ve even found that the actual time it takes to twist has decreased because my hair just seems to fall into place quicker. However, like others have said, make sure her hair is trimmed regularly. I’ve noticed that the detangling process takes way longer when I haven’t trimmed my hair in a while or have a bunch of split ends. I hope this helps! Every curly head is different so just pay attention to what her hair likes and keep up the good work! "
Redtigerflame,8jarad,"My hair is a little longer than your daughters and very thick. It looks like we have the same curl pattern. It takes me about a half hour to actually shampoo and regular condition my hair. If I’m deep conditioning then maybe two hours. 
The only time it takes me longer than that is when I fall asleep with my deep conditioner in. Tree tingle makes me want to take naps. I don’t know why. 


I would recommend Paul Mitchell “ the detangler” to detangle. It has great slip and cuts detangling time in half. Even coming out of a protective style with braids. 
Sally’s has a generic value brand dupe of it for like 6 bucks.  

After rinsing with shampoo and conditioner. Let it dry a little till damp then add in a cream. I use Jane Carter Soloution hair nourishing cream or Rusk anti frizz  leave in conditioner. 

Seal with and oil and or gel and now that it’s warmer out let it rock. That should be from front to back 45min to an hour. 

I would also recommend a haircut. If you only have her for the weekends and her hair is not being properly taken care of it’s just going to get damaged anyway. 

Shoulder length while still curly is cute. Not to placate her mother ( who, wow. How do you let your daughter walk around with dirt in her hair for days???) but also so she can learn and practice on her own hair. 

Good luck!!"
_totallysafeforwork,8jarad,"I'm not sure how much you know between you and your gf so I'm gonna give you a lot of info here just in case.

I highly recommend [this](https://www.amazon.com/Conair-Velvet-Touch-Paddle-Brush/dp/B001126XOI/ref=sr_1_4_s_it?s=beauty&ie=UTF8&qid=1526305158&sr=1-4&keywords=paddle%2Bbrush&dpID=41qIzbytFZL&preST=_SY300_QL70_&dpSrc=srch&th=1) detangling brush. My sister has 4C hair similar to [this](https://i.ytimg.com/vi/RU8JZ5-A53U/hqdefault.jpg) and with the right conditioner, it detangles her curls in a flash without too much pulling. Also, start from the ends, work your way up, and work in sections. 

What products are you using to detangle? I would suggest getting a good regular conditioner as well as a leave-in so the curls and knots come apart with less effort. Aussie Moist is my fave in-shower conditioner and Shea Moisture [Black Castor and Shea Butter](https://www.amazon.com/Shea-Moisture-Strengthen-Restore-Conditioner/dp/B00MXD6GBY/ref=sr_1_3_a_it?ie=UTF8&qid=1526306771&sr=8-3&keywords=shea%2Bmoisture%2Bleave%2Bin&th=1) is my fav leave in cause it detangles my hair in a instant and leave it soft and moisturized all week. It's not for everyone though so definitely do some shopping around.

Also, try wetting and detangling the hair a bit before washing because (in my experience) the movement and shrinkage of the hair during the makes the tangles a bit worse. 

Technique is also important with curly hair. When you wash, try using slightly diluted shampoo in a [squeezy bottle](https://www.amazon.com/Wilton-Mini-Squeeze-Bottles-6-Oz/dp/B0000VMBF6/ref=sr_1_8?ie=UTF8&qid=1526305861&sr=8-8&keywords=ketchup+bottle) so you can apply it directly to the scalp and to the hair. Of course you want to shampoo the hair as well but it's better to work the shampoo from the root to the tip to avoid tangles. 

You'll want to massage the scalp with your fingertips through the hair. Do not do [this](https://www.wikihow.com/images/thumb/2/2c/Straighten-Curly-Hair-Step-1-Version-4.jpg/aid656657-v4-728px-Straighten-Curly-Hair-Step-1-Version-4.jpg) or yall will have a bad time lol. This creates so many tangles and damages the hair. I would recommend checking out a few poc curly hair wash day youtube videos for good technique. 

Also, pat her hair dry. Please for the love of all that is good do not rub her hair on the towel. 

I would recommend styling her hair while its damp with a leave in conditioner if thats easier for yall. There's nothing wrong with styling the hair while wet, in fact, a lot of curly girls prefer this because managing the hair when its dry has the potential to cause frizz or breakage. Also, I noticed you mentioned you oil her scalp. Try using the oil after the leave in so it seals in the moisture.

I'm not sure if you guys are already doing this but definitely give night scarves and bonnets a try. They'll be a huge help in the long run because they help combat frizz, tangles, lint, and breakage that occurs from sleeping on cotton. 


"
afancysandwich,8jarad,"When the hair is really tangled, try using a pre-poo. I rail against coconut oil here, but that's one of the few times I use it. If her hair is more fine, olive oil works in a pinch.

Just SOAK it in oil, have her sit with a bag on her head for 20-30 minutes, and after finger detangle from ends to roots. Then do some quick plaits or bantu knots before washing.

THEN wash the hair. Let it get entirely wet and then add shampoo (you'd be surprised how much my mother would add shampoo to my dry hair and start working it). I typically shampoo twice, I really focus on the scalp.

After I use Kinky Curly Knot Today as part of the LCO method. I don't think she really needs LCO unless her hair is low porosity. "
bbcreampapapa,8jarad,[This](https://youtu.be/U7V--2bIjaw) might help! Her curl pattern looks similar to your daughters. 
bitchesonthescene,8jarad,"I actually watched this randomly the other day, it might help you: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U7V--2bIjaw "
blueevey,8jarad,It bugs me that the mother isn't doing her/ your daughter's hair. 
buttery336,8jarad,"Try Giovanni Smooth as Silk conditioner, it’s amazing for detangling. Also try using something like a tangle teezer brush and start at the ends of the hair and work your way up. My curls are little tighter than hers but this works well for me. "
livesarah,8jarad,"My daughter’s hair is far curlier, but 3 hours sounds about what it used to take for me at that length (before she asked for a ‘boy haircut’ and got it all cut off). I am not the most talented hair-manager out there, obviously, just thought OP might feel a bit better knowing that!"
wesmellthecolor9,8jarad,"If you wash it and style it for the week, every week it should get faster. You had to jump the hurdle of incredibly tangled hair. But now it's done. Put it into a couple pigtails and it should stay detangled for the most part and easily cut your time I'm half. The only reason it was so hard is because of the time in between washing. I had more hair than your daughter growing up and my mom wasn't the greatest at staying on top of it, so I've been there lol. One summer I stayed with my aunt's family and my cousin had me on a strict weekly wash and braid schedule. It was SOOOOO much easier after the second/third week. I don't agree that this should be your sole responsibility, but I think it will just get easier from here. 

My routine when by hair is REALLY BAD: condition the hair first, finger detangle big knots, part it into sections (the number varies and is pretty arbitrary lol) and detangle with a wide tooth comb starting from the bottom making my way up to the roots. Once it's all detangled, I rince out the conditioner and shampoo my scalp really well. The reason I condition first so I can actually move my hands through my hair and work it in. I don't bunch my curls onto my head at all and focus on cleaning my scalp only. Rince that out, then deep condition for 30 mins with a shower cap. This all normally takes me 1.5-2 hours. "
worldCitizen17,8jarad,"your daughter is beautiful! And her hair is really pretty :)

My advice: Pre poo. Either the night or a couple hours before you plan on doing it, cover it with an oil. Whatever you normally use that her hair reacts well to. I use grapeseed, since my hair doesn't do well with coconut and it's affordable. Detangle her hair before you wash it....it's best to do this by putting some type of detangler in. I use aloe vera gel since it's a great moisturizer and it's cheap. You can buy a huge leaf at a co op or natural store. Cut off the green skin, and throw the clear pieces in a blender with a bit of water, and strain it (the pulp will get stuck in her hair). The slip from the gel will make detangling SO much easier. Whenever you finish detangling a section, twist or braid it. They don't need to be small sections...but stretching the hair will ensure that it doesn't tangle in itself again. 

You can wash her hair with the twists in, and then take them down when you want to add a moisturizer. If you're short on time: you can forgo the pre poo and just detangle with aloe vera gel (don't buy the stuff in a tube from the store for skin...it has alcohol in it and isn't meant for hair anyway).

I know I came into this convo a bit late, but I hope this helps!"
