index,id,comments
Blumeblume,cp51mz,"Looks great! I really like the length. 

My thoughts are that you might need a trim. Then, if you want to keep your hair full and fluffy, I’d say find a detangler you really like and use that on your wash day to remove any knots. 

If you want curl definition, custards and gels and the way to go. 

Curious to know what kind of shampoo and conditioner you’re using and wether you’re moisturizing on a daily basis."
Mr_Believin,cp51mz,"Newbie. 2 or 3 days in. Just using a damp washcloth and my fingers to twist. Where should I go from here? How does it look?&&&&&&I was trying to go the semi-free form route. But I really have no idea what I’m doing. 

I typically shampoo once a week with a natural shampoo and do an ACV rinse right after. And once or twice a week moisturize with coconut oil rubbed in with hands&&&Thanks!
Any quality, natural products you’d recommend?&&&Thanks. 
I actually got a small haircut and will start with some locs by a professional in a few weeks!  Haha"
Preshylust,cp51mz,"🤨 Hi newbie, I think you need a twisting custard or something. You can barely see them. And I’d grab some oil to just to add some shine and moisture. After that you’ll be on your way! 😉"
CoffeeB4Talkie,cozssj,I use tea tree oil in my shampoo.  My hair hates coconut oil. I used JBCO with my deep conditioner (has to be rinsed out. Too heavy to leave in for my hair). I recently tried Sweet Almond oil on my hair too. My hair seems to tolerate that well.
PigmentedLady,cozssj,"I'm going to assume you're low porosity between 4a-C hair? 


Warmed shea butter Is my go to on damp, clean hair. I either use shea butter, Haitian/Jamaican castor oil, hempseed oil, olive oil, walnut oil, jojoba oil, and other butters

Essential oils; Lavendar, orange, nettle, clove"
SleepieSheepie8,cozssj,"Tea Tree Oil is good too. I’ve heard that Lavender oil is good as well. I’ll just say Black Castor Oil is the *truth* when it comes to healthy hair growth, I’ll tell you what. Black Castor Oil, TLC and a lot of patience will grow your hair. I only use Black Castor Oil and Baobab Oil."
jwash1894,cozssj,Peppermint oil is great.
manofsteel1234,cozssj,Oils to regrow my hair&&&So I'm regrowing my hair right now and I'm just starting to understand hair health now. I'm using peppermint black castor oil and coconut oil to regrow my hair. Can I add tea tree oil to my routine or is that a bad idea. This is a daily use I'm using.
CoffeeB4Talkie,cozd93,Yes! Finding out what your natural hair likes can be challenging.
nikkillme,cozd93,Didn't know where else to post this!&&&
kenriche,coyzif,"best deep conditioning masks for color damaged hair?&&&ever since i dyed my hair, parts of it have been especially dry and hard to manage. having type 3c/4a hair makes deep conditioning crucial for me, and i’m currently looking for a new deep conditioner because i am about to run out of my aunt jackie’s coco repair deep conditioning mask. any suggestions?"
Abstractt_,cowmcr,"If you ever think your hair isn’t growing&&&Just remember that if you think your fingernails are growing fast, hair grows 4x faster than nails. 


This is really random, just a fun fact lmao. 
Fingernails grow 0.12” a month, hair usually 0.4-0.5”"
Bobelle,cowmcr,"Pretty sure my fingernails grow faster than my hair. I feel like their research id aleays focused on african American hair, which grows faster than Yoruba hair in general because most African Americans are part white and also part north african for the most part."
Kametrixom,cowmcr,"For the 95% of people not being American: That's 3mm for fingernails and 10-13mm for hair per month

Edit: Just looked it up, and while only 5% of the *world* population is in the US, about 50% of Reddit users are in the US! ^^metric ^^is ^^still ^^better ^^though"
Preshylust,cowmcr,"Wow! I was just telling my mom my nails are getting too long and I wanted to cut them because I’ve never had them this long. They are in the way. I have a lot off heat damage so I’ve just been chillin on the heat, doing lots of deep conditioning treatments, and low manipulation styles. Thanks for sharing! 😉"
aly666,cowmcr,My hair won’t grow past my shoulders but my nails grow like crazy.
brainsweeties,cowmcr,All hair grows the same; race has nothing to do with it. The only difference is length retention which depends on how an individual treats their hair.
lacunalady,cowmcr,"Yup, just make sure you're not pulling your hair out or doing too many high manipulation styles. Take care of your hair :)"
naomicampbell9,cowmcr,Mine doesn’t but my nails grow like crazy! I never cut them and my bf gets mad at me for it 😂😂 I wish I could see hair growth as well as I see nail growth 🙃
originalsoul,cowmcr,"I think everybody's hair grows at a similar pace but it's harder for west African hair types to retain length. White hair doesn't necessarily grow faster, it is just less prone to breakage."
sofia_52,cowmcr,"Nigerian here as well, I feel like my hair grows *extremely* slow but my fingernails grow really fast. I always knew that hair growth was partially hereditary (and my family has slow-growing hair) but I never considered it as an African thing."
PigmentedLady,cosn7u,"Twist it up at night, and banding works as well *with a scarf or satin sheet/pillow case*.5"
abcd9muses,cosn7u,"I’ve been doing this like every other week and it’s done wonders for my hair. I’m 4c, with high porosity I think and I don’t put a lot of oil or cream when doing it. The longer you leave the threads in, the straighter it’ll be, but with my hair I can leave it in for 12 hours and still have it pretty straight. I’ve found out that my hair is past my shoulders, roughly 1/4 down my back. 

The downside is that humidity acts on it FAST, and I don’t think much can stop that."
gasherry,cosn7u,Benefit: you can stretch hair without using heat
saygudbye,cosn7u,African threading?&&&Anyone know tips on maintaining an African threading style on 4c hair and the benefits from it?
shewhoshallnotbe,cosn7u,It's amazing. Takes practice and time but it's stretches my hair very well but still keeps it thick unlike blow drying
FyreSign,copv6h,"2 braided pigtails (with or without pony tail holders), 2 buns (low, med, or high)"
Sea_Soil,copv6h,"My go to styles are: twist outs, braid outs and wash n gos. I also like space buns! 

I’ve been wanting to try: Bantu knots, Fulani braids, jumbo twists"
Zaylyn5355,copv6h,Box braids...
ghardi1,copv6h,"Go to styles?&&&I’m tired of my hair! What are your go to styles? I need something new. 

Mine are twist outs, wash and gos, puffs and two flat twists.&&&These are next! I have about 2 weeks."
marcellaokayy,copv6h,"Two puffs or two buns, or mini twists"
FulaniQueen,colr23,Going back and forth with whether I should lock my hair&&&I  have APL 4C hair. I'm rocking crochet faux locs right now. I'm getting tons of compliments. My FH thinks I look hot in them. But I  love straightening my hair occasionally and I mostly wear my hair in wash and gos. I do henna once a month for my greys.
ericaeveryday,colr23,Don't do it until you stop enjoying doing all those other things with your hair :)
-sunshine17,coiccz,"the shampoo itself isn’t a treatment, but if you’re wanting to add more protein in your routine, it’s a good shampoo. 

they have a masque from that same line that’s more so an actual protein treatment since again, they put a good amount of protein in that line. i’ve heard that aphogee has good treatments and mielle organics has a well known protein treatment too."
Zaylyn5355,coiccz,"I think the placement in the list of ingredients tells you how strong of a treatment it is. Towards the top, like first 3-5, is strong... middle... medium and towards the bottom, a light treatment"
lemontimes2,coiccz,"If your hair isn’t damaged, you probably don’t need a full on protein treatment. Using products that have silk protein or other types of protein can be helpful. I noticed the same lines curling smoothie helps me when my hair is feeling a little weaker."
throwawaymyhomies,coiccz,"Is SheaMoisture Coconut & Hibiscus Curl & Shine Shampoo a protein treatment?&&&Hi so I think the title is pretty self explanatory. I'm looking into protein and I have the SheaMoisture Coconut & Hibiscus Curl & Shine Shampoo and it says it has silk protein but I'm not sure if that counts as a ""protein treatment."" If it doesn't, what are some good, cheap protein treatments that aren't too ""strong"" (if that makes any sense). My hair's low porosity and hasn't had any chemicals in it so it's not excessively damaged. Anyways, thanks for the help."
ShawnMarie50,co2tov,"Try Annabelle'sPerfectBlend.com.
Her butters can also be used on the body. Plus, she has a trillion fragrances to choose from, lol. I think she even allows you to request a personalized scent. They're excellent, I've been ordering  from her almost a year now."
pastelie_ghostie,co2tov,"Anyone know of any good fragrance free/floral/earthy hair moisturizers/creams/butters?&&&I was just wondering if anyone knew any hair moisturizers/butters/creams/leave-ins that dont have fragrance, or have more of an earthy smell?? I really like the smell of carols daughter's Marguerite magic and healthy hair butter, but i can only find the healthy hair butter online and that can be a hassle, plus its expensive.

I also appreciate floral smells as well as earthy essential oil smells, so it doesnt have to be void of all smell, but most of it. I know TGIN their twist butter and daily moisturizing cream have light smells, but I've found the moisturizer has more of an off smell. The twist butter doesnt have a smell, and is very moisturizing, but is so thick it leaves residue on my hair.

I have more of a kinkier texture, not 4c but somewhere around there if thats important.

I've also tried shea butter before, but it doesnt moisturize my hair at all, its a lot more oily and leaves my hair feeling greasy, but not moisturized.

Thanks."
sqwzmahmeatybts,co2tov,Alba Organics makes a fragrance/paraben free leave in that is AMAZING. I get mine from whole foods.
Abstractt_,co11qt,"What are some of the best products you recommend?&&&I have some apparently bad products and I want to make my hair healthy. What are some shampoos, conditioners, deep conditioners, leave ins, LCO products you recommend for short hair

Edit: I should add that I’m 4b/4c and low porosity"
CoffeeB4Talkie,co11qt,"I Love Kinky Curly Knot Today for detangling. It is a leave in/detangler, but I've never used as a leave in. I use it before shampooing to detangle. It's amazing. Their shampoo, Kinky Curly Come Clean is pretty good too.

Other than that, I use the Mane Choice. 

My favorite line of all time from them is the Ancient Egyptian line. The shampoo, conditioner, hair mask (deep conditioner) and leave in lotion. Love it all. They have a split end serum, I can do without that though.

The core line (Easy on the Curls) is where I started with them, and I always keep the shampoo and conditioner from that line handy.

The Tropical Moringa line is another good one. Plenty of moisture.

The Prickly Pear and cactus line.. well I have only tried the hair mask and leave in conditioning cream from that line. Both are AMAZING! This line is more of a moisturizing, no poo line..... and I'm not with the whole no poo movement. So I won't be trying out the entire line. Just those too. I'm satisfied with them though.

The Exotic Cool Laid, I do like their conditioner/pre-poo/co wash. Though I've only used it as a pre-poo so I can only say that it's good as a pre-poo. I like the shampoo \*it is minty\* so keep that in mind. But mint doesn't bother me since I typically use tea tree oil with my shampoo and use peppermint oil and water as my refresher spray (I will also add pureed aloe leaves if I happen to have them handy).

And last but not least, JBCO. I'm probably a weird for this, but I don't the Mango & Lime brand. It seemed watered down to me. I do like the Sunny Isle brand though. The Extra Dark JBCO and the Lavender one."
HeyItsKimberlee,co11qt,"I’m 4b/4c low porosity. My hair loves:

Jane Carter Solution Incredible Curls Cream
JCS Wrap and Roll Styling Mousse ( great gel replacement for twists and braids)
JCS Revitalizing Leave In Conditioner 
Camille Rose Algae Deep Conditioner
Keracare CurlEssence Moisturizing Cream(I forgot the real name, it’s something like that lol)
EcoStyler Argon Oil Gel
Devacurl Decadence line (pricey but my absolute favorite)"
Zaylyn5355,co11qt,I always used kinky curly as a leave in and I've been looking high and low for a detangler with slip. Now that you mention you use it as a detangler I'm definitely going to use it that way too. So slippery
biglp,co11qt,Cantu leave in conditioner
ghardi1,co11qt,"I’ve recently cut down so much on my products! 

- my Oil blend of olive, apricot, sweet almond, castor, jojoba, and a few drops of tea tree, rosemary, etc. 
- crystal eco styler
- nexus therappe and humectress shampoo and conditioner
- deva curl no poo and decadence 
- its a 10 leave in
- Jane Carter curl cocktail


I probably need to re-evaluate my products but I think they are working pretty well for me! I need an extra boost of moisture though."
heavtastic,co11qt,"I have 4a/4b low porosity and my hair loves:

Kinky Curly Detangler/Leave In

Camille Rose Curl Milk Leave In

Mielle Organics Rosemary & Mint Deep Conditioner 

Aussie Moist Conditioner (cheap, great for short hair & detangling)

Trader Joes Tea Tree Shampoo + Conditioner 

Coconut Oil has too much protein for my hair so I use Olive Oil/JBCO/Avocado Oils to seal in moisture

Also doing a hot oil treatment prior to washing my hair has been a game changer moisture wise"
lazycupcakee,co11qt,"Maui Moisture Nourish + Moisture Coconut Milk Conditioner

It really is great for moisture at least for my hair and has a lot of slip."
leeleep93,co11qt,Shea moisture low pro shampoo. Taliah waajid apple and aloe leave in. Wet line extreme gel. I live by it
michigal93,co11qt,Carols daughter rhassoul clay shampoo and TGIN honey hair mask keeps my hair so soft
seejazz,co11qt,"Qhemet biologics, Camille Rose Naturals, soultanicals"
Zaylyn5355,cnv017,I stretch it by putting it in 6 ponytails after I wash it and let it dry. I wouldn't do box braids without stretching my hair
sqwzmahmeatybts,cnv017,"I never blow-dry, not a big heat user. I don't have issues with my ends or roots, I'm 4b. 


A lot people do tho, it hella common."
sunshineaura,cnv017,"Do I need to blow dry before installing box braids?&&&My hair is freshly washed, deep conditioned, and in parted twists. I’m wondering can I braid from this point? Or should I blow dry first?

Note, I would like a sleek finish on my roots and I never use rubber bands."
yeslesss,cnv017,"I’m a 4a and I did blow dry my hair. It made it easier to install the box braids because my hair was stretched and detangled. Blow drying before will absolutely achieve a smooth finish, but it’s totally up to you!"
yosoyjoi,cnv017,You do want your hair dry though
Mr_Believin,cnqnzv,"Newbie&&&&&&Sorry!
I’m new to Reddit. Didn’t know how to put text along with my picture in the post. 
 
A little backstory: growing up my parents never taught me anything about my hair except haircuts and to wash it. 

So now as naturally as possible want to try out different styles. 
Semi-free form dreads looked cool. 
I’m not sure what hair type I am and I do have moderate dandruff. 
Where do I start? Any advice accepted!&&&I didn’t really know what I wanted. I was hoping you guys might have some suggestions. 

I just want it to be low-maintenance and something that I can wash because of my moderate dandruff&&&Okay. 
I’ll ask over there about hair type but as far as product rec’s I want to stay as natural as possible"
crackwhorebarbie,cnqnzv,"Over at r/curly they will have a lot of good info and product recs for you. They can help you find out your hair type, curl type etc."
sqwzmahmeatybts,cnqnzv,"Well, there are a bunch if different ways to start locs, so a pic might help people discern what you are looking for. 

Since you brought up semi-freeform, a low maintenance routine would probably work for you. Wash it when it feels dirty, try some leav-in if it feels dry, and viola!

I hope more people chime in, especially with loc tips."
JDnice804,cnqb4u,"It’s a big difference! Silk presses look more like healthy, bouncy relaxed hair. A good silk press leaves the hair with a lot of flow and movement. Silk presses typically use fewer products do the hair stays light.  Flat ironed hair looks more like flattened natural hair, so you can still see the texture of the natural hair. I’ve been getting professional silk presses for 2 years now and love it. I’ve never gotten any heat damage and my hair always reverts."
SugarPie89,cnqb4u,"I was wondering the same thing a few months ago. I think a silk press is just straightening the hair, but it refers to the results being silky and bouncy. I dont think there is a real difference other than that."
pinkypaz123,cnqb4u,"Difference between flat ironing and silk press?&&&I was browsing Youtube and found this video of a silk press being done on natural hair. It looked very similar to a normal straightening with hair straighteners so I was wondering what the difference is? I've heard silk presses look a lot smoother, silkier and give hair more movement but it just looks the same."
pooploop23,cnqb4u,From what I’ve seen the only difference is that they wrap the hair in cling wrap after flat ironing and then have the client sit under the dryer. I’ve tried it a few times on my hair it did feel slightly silkier. I think
yeslesss,cnqb4u,I always thought that silk press was the fancy term for “professional flat iron”!
Abstractt_,cnlj4c,"Hair dry an hour after using LCO&&&I tried everything and it’s still dry. For the LCO, I use aunt Jackie’s leave in, pink gro complex 3000, and Argan oil. Any tips? My hair is 1.5” and low porosity if that helps&&&Thanks, I’m gonna try it out&&&4b-4c"
Bobelle,cnlj4c,Are you sure you're low porosity?
Generic_E,cnlj4c,"My hair was always dry but you should definitely check out ""as I am rich daily moisturising butter cream"" . It's really heavy and makes my dry 4a hair soft and moisturized. I usually go in with my quench leave in, then butter and then Camille rose hair serum"
PigmentedLady,cnlj4c,You may also add herbs and essential oils to enhance the water as well.
SoloRouge,cnlj4c,"I tend to stay away from Aunt Jackie's as they sometimes either have alcohols(and not even the good kind! The ones that are drying!) and they also sometimes have silicone as well which could potentially attribute to why your hair isn't feeling as moist as it should be.

I personally would suggest a different type of leave in and douse your hair with a few spritz of water! Water is one of the best, if not the best moisturizers for out kinky hair! Are you getting enough protein in your hair diet?"
VOL03,cnlj4c,"Are you deep conditioning regularly (with heat) to make sure you hair is well hydrated before LCO? I think if you start off with dry hair, adding products on tops is not going to do much.

Also the Pink Gro Complex's first ingredient is Mineral Oil, which coats the hair, but does not penetrate - great for preventing moisture from getting out but also prevents moisture from getting in. You're basically relying on the leave in only to moisturize your hair and then applying 2 sealants.  For the C step, I would try to find something with water as the first ingredient."
Zaylyn5355,cnlj4c,"If you use grease, you will need a sulfate shampoo to clean it off your hair. But then the sulfate shampoo is drying so it creates a viscous cycle."
ateeightate,cnlj4c,"Aunt Jackie's leave in seems to have alcohol as it's first few ingredients. Perhaps try something like Kinky Knot. It still has alcohol but it's not a main ingredient. Also, if argan oil doesn't seem to be doing the job, it may also be worth going back to something with mineral oil. Basically, grease. It's not popular, but it works.

Edit: Also, i find pink products to be VERY drying. It could be that.&&&What is your hair texture? And, i think the oil is the only good product you're using."
blakchat,cnlj4c,"I'd try water or aloevera juice, then a moisturizer and sealant. Maybe steam your hair a bit to help everything soak in?"
dyam,cnlj4c,"Well for one, you need to start with water. That’s the liquid. Wet your hair before you do anything. Two, Pinks is actually not good for your hair. I’ve heard some pretty Bad things about that brand as a whole. I use ORS hair fertilizer as my cream. And last, argon oil is not a sealing oil. You need something heavier like olive oil or Shea butter to seal in the moisture."
freestyle45,cnlj4c,Have you tried shea butter? It may not work for everyone but it's worth a shot.  It saved my life
icyivy,cnlj4c,My is hair low porosity too and find moisturisers and humectants work better for me because they allow water from the air to seep in throughout the day and behentrimonium methosulphate is my HG ingredient! As soon as oils/butters touch my hair it turns to straw.
kathyoven,cnlj4c,I just started using vaseline after my hair oil mix and I’ve been loving it
medicalnaturalist,cnlj4c,"One thing that really helped my 4b hair to lock in moisture was using blue magic as a sealant instead of oil. My hair was too kinky to be sealed by even castor oil. Usually, after an hour of moisturizing my hair, it would go back to feeling rough and brittle like it was before I moisturized it. Your hair might need something thicker as a sealant for moisture, blue magic worked for me!"
nasty_gal,cnlj4c,"Water! Even though products are good for our hair, water is and always has been the greatest form of moisture! Just put some in a spray bottle and spritz on your hair before doing the LCO method. You can always use aloe vera water as well. Oh and a tip I recently learned, spritz enough so that your hair is actually wet, not damp. It may drip a bit, but that's OK. You're hair will absorb it eventually due to how high in porosity 4c hair can be. (may take a couple days)."
paceandunderstanding,cnlj4c,"Your hair is so short conditioning and moisture really shouldn’t be a struggle.  It makes me wonder if buildup is blocking your hairs surface.  When was the last time you got a good wash with sulfate?  

Even when I swore away sulfate shampoos I had to do a sulfate wash (usually mixing in dishsoap) every now and then (4times a year) to get it completely clean.  A rich conditioner after a good sulfate wash is always the best."
butterflyintherough,cnhduk,"Cornrow tips for caring?&&&Long story short my mom dragged me to get my hair dyed (she’s mixed and has long hair so she doesn’t understand my hair) and my hair has been shedding a lot :/ 
I washed, deep conditioned, LOC and put my hair in six cornrows and tied the ends to avoid them rubbing against things. I have a spray bottle with water, Garnier Leave in Conditioner and Mielle mint almond oil. I usually spray my hair every other day with it and oil my ends with tea tree oil 

If I want to leave my cornrows in for 1-2 months, can I wash/deep condition while they’re braided? Or should I just wash/deep condition the ends? And is it ok for me to put the ends in a pony tail? Any other tips would be appreciated. 

Thanks in advance!"
radiographer_bae,cnhduk,"In my experience, if I leave a hairstyle on for too long (more than 4 weeks) when I eventually undo it I lose more hair compared to when I keep it for like 3 weeks or so. I also lose a lot of hair so I try to minimise the number of times I comb it sometimes I just detangle it with my fingers whilst spraying it with a mixture of water and essential oils. I dont know if this will help"
