index,id,comments
511lonette,db61nq,"Either fenugreek or rosemary oils or tea rinces.  I've been using the tea rinces since the beginning of the year and they help with growth and strength.  In the meantime, have fun with your tea."
Worstmodonreddit,db61nq,4b.
_emma_stoned,db61nq,"Is my hair 4c? And tips on getting it to grow?&&&I'm not knowledgeable about hair care so I haven't really paid attention to my hair, but I did the big chop months ago and it's barely grown. I'm not even sure what hair type it is and what I can do to start really taking care of it. Any advice would be much appreciated.&&&Thanks! I'll give it a try.&&&Thank you! I've always thought I was 4c I just wanted to make sure.

I'm not sure what you mean by breakage and single strand knots, could you explain?

I didn't realize how much all of that could improve your hair growth, I'll definitely work on improving those."
simbisir,db61nq,"I agree with 4c. A good rule of thumb for type 4 hair is divide your actual growth rate by 3 to get your visible growth rate. So if you’re actually growing the average 1 inch of hair every 2 months, it will take about 6 months before you actually *see* that inch on dry, unstretched hair. 

After a couple of years, your hair will get long and heavy enough to start ‘hanging’ from its own weight which will give the illusion of a slightly looser pattern and faster growth."
sqwzmahmeatybts,db61nq,"Hair grows at the same rate for everyone on average, that's .5 an inch a month. I think your hair is lovely, thick and perfect. I'd say 4C. 

I would make sure that you're retaining length by cutting down on breakage and single strand knots. Are you experiencing either?

&#x200B;

Eating right, addressing my stress levels,  drinking water and keeping my hair stretched and moisturized really changed my natural hair journey around for the better.

&#x200B;

Congrats on your hair journey!"
BlaqKat,db5bf5,That length & hair is nice. Check out westafricanbaby on youtube for style ideas.
Briannabambam,db5bf5,I have a similar face shape (fat cheeks and forehead) and I get lots of compliments putting it into a side ponytail puff
CoffeeB4Talkie,db5bf5,"I like how you look in this pic.

I have a huge forehead too. (Sugar, spice and forehead twice). I just don't care. lol"
GucciGirl333,db5bf5,"I think it looks great! I know how you feel though. We’re our own worst critics. It takes a while to get used to things. But I promise you, it looks GREAT!"
Longlegsdontcare,db5bf5,I can’t imagine a better style than the one you have in this pic.  as it grows out you’ll have more hair to work with and more styles to have fun with.
iridescentleandra,db5bf5,tbh I like the style that you have here
maya_angelou98,db5bf5,"Honest hair opinions please! I want to love my natural hair but I'm not sure how to style it with my face shape and fivehead. Do you guys have any suggestions?&&&&&&Thank you! I'll keep playing with this one then&&&I so want it to grow out😭 thank you!!!&&&I've never heard that saying! I may start using it - thank you!&&&I wanna switch with you, the top of my head has thicker and longer hair while the back is thinner and softer - makes it a bit tricky to style evenly. Either way, I'm sure you're looks lovely.

Thank you so much!&&&I've never tried that - maybe I should&&&Yeah exactly ;-; I think I just need to get used to it and use the right products (haven't found my routine, yet). Thank you so much :)"
tallulahbelly14,db5bf5,"I would be delighted if my hair looked like this, for some reason it grows unevenly (the back is super long) and my attempts at trimming it myself haven’t quite worked out. 

The shape of yours is perfect - you look great!"
CrownGrowthOil,db3t7s,I would go with your hair as natural as possible minimal product to no product in its natural state. I got a tapered cut from shoulder length and the barber was telling me he was happy I didn’t straighten it or put product in it because it helps to make the cut more precise and true to form. I’m bra strap length now and tbh I can’t wait to cut it again. You’re going to LOVE it 💜💜
Goldionblue,db3t7s,"How should I prep my long hair for a big chop at the barber shop?&&&My hair is between shoulder length and bsl, and pretty thick. I want to get a pretty short, tapered cut. Should I go in with shrunken hair with no product or should I stretch it to make it more manageable for them? Can I at the least put some olive oil in my hair the day I was it before I go as my hair gets pretty dry unless I add oil?"
gigi116,db3t7s,"I would go ahead and add a little oil if needed. My scalp would be itchy and uncomfortable, otherwise. Your best option would be to call and ask a stylist at the barbershop what they would prefer you to do as far as stretched hair or not. To be on the safe side, if you're unable to talk to anyone, I'd go in shrunken. If they work better with it stretched they can blow it out. Just be prepared to pay extra if they are the type to nickel and dime a person."
CoffeeB4Talkie,db3r43,"I want to try the Miche Beauty twisting cream. I used the leave in and that was super moisturizing and seemed to elongate my curls. So I watched a review of it in YouTube and they said they noticed the cream seemed to stretch their curls.

They compared the Miche Beauty to the Melanin brand cream. She seemed to like both."
SleepieSheepie8,db3r43,Twist Out Creams?&&&Does anyone know of or use a twist out cream that is really moisturizing and actually stretches out your curls? I use the L.O method but I wanted to add more moisture to my hair so I could switch to the L.C.O method maybe. Any good cream that actually stretches my curls?
chameleoninvasion,db3r43,As I am curl enhancing smoothie is reallll nice
sliknik88,db3r43,I use the mielle organics twisting souffle. It's super moisturizing and I feel like I don't see as much shrinkage when I use. It's honestly one of my favorite products.
Worstmodonreddit,db3glb,Join us at r/blackparents!
amethyst_asuna,db3glb,So adorable 💕
w22greerd,db3glb,"Just my one year old deep conditioning! 💖&&&&&&Awe thank you!&&&Aww, thank you! I just joined 💞"
lucky20911,db0lc1,My Sisterlock Journey&&&
lucky20911,db0ghk,Sisterlocks Journey&&&
Califlowerchild,daqzrn,New item alert&&&
fivetenash,daqzrn,"We've removed your post because it violated one of r/Naturalhair's few rules. The rule in question is #2 - No Promotion: No blog or youtube spam. We do not allow any promotion if you or someone you know personally gains from it.

Repeated violations will result in a ban. Please contact the mods if you have any questions. 

Have a wonderful day!"
CrownGrowthOil,dal905,You can but the question is do you want to potentially put too much stress/tension on your scalp? I would wait until you can comfortably get them and it doesn’t seem like your neck is stiff because they’re too tight (I’ve been there). 💜
keedorin,dal905,"Can I get cornrows at 2 inches? If not when.&&&Hello, I’m a male and am four months into my Hair journey.  I have 4c hair and have a hard time growing my hair out past 3.5 inches, so I was told that cornrows help out a ton; however, I was wondering, is it okay to get cornrows at 2 inches?  If not, then how long should my hair be to start getting cornrows."
CoffeeB4Talkie,da8q80,Gorgeous!
brightlove,da8q80,"Pretty! What products do you use? 

I'm exploring ways to make me sets last longer. I have very fine hair so they only last a couple of days."
visolana7,da8q80,This is how they looked when I took the flexi rods out&&&
chameleoninvasion,da8885,"They have it at the beauty supply store, I think it’s by Diane- called braid cutters/ trimmers. I can pm a pic of it tomorrow?"
crayonbox,da8885,"Best scissors for cutting braids?&&&Hi all, My fiancee has had braids for several years. She's typically used whatever scissors we have around the house to cut her braids in advance of getting them rebraided.

However, today she mentioned that her mom used to have scissors meant specifically for hair braiding and how those made things so much easier. She doesn't remember what they are called, and unfortunately her mom has passed away. I told her that I'd look to see if there was a sub on reddit who may be able to provide the info, and I'm hoping I'm in the right place!

If you have any suggestions, or if I should be asking in a different sub, just let me know!

Thanks"
CoffeeB4Talkie,da46i8,"Could you detangle less? I think detangling three times in one wash cycle could be a bit much. Also, could you be suffering from protein overload?

Those were my knee jerk reaction/questions."
CrownGrowthOil,da46i8,"First and foremost kudos to you for being so consistent with your routine. I do believe you’re over manipulating. Why do you feel weekly wash days are necessary? I’m only asking because before I rehabilitated my scalp I had to wash every week because of the flaking. Keep in mind that we naturally shed an average of 80 strands per day and you may have pretty dense hair and not an actual problem at all. I’m curious to see your response, thanks for sharing!"
WasabiIntrovert,da46i8,"Normal shedding and breakage&&&Is it normal to have a little bit of breakage? I asked that because whenever I touch my hair, I lose mostly shed hair, but sometimes smaller curly hair (breakage). I style and wash my hair once a week and the amount of hair I lose is about the size of a golf ball. My low porosity hair length is almost bra strap length. My routine is oil pre poo & detangle, shampoo in two sections, detangle & deep condition with steam, moisturize & detangle and style. Occasionally I use green tea rinses, light and heavy protein and rice water. Is there anything else I can do to cut down on the shedding/breakage?&&&My hair tangles, but I’m trying to get it down to detangling only twice (during DC and during styling). I dislike hair all over me and the shower. 
I’m not sure about the protein overload since my hair does not feel brittle. I thought that I did not have enough protein in my regimen, I used Aphogee 2 step in April. I have been using strengthening DC every 3 weeks and rice water or light protein every 2 weeks. I’ll cut back on the protein to see if there is a change and I’m doing a trim/dusting today.&&&Just checked and most of the products I was using have protein and coconut oil in them. I was using the Shea Moisture CES & Hair Milk for the last month trying to use it up. I do not have dryness nor brittle hair. Guess I’ll skip the protein treatment I had planned for next week and stop using my protein products to see if there is a difference. Thanks.&&&I wash my hair weekly because I tend to get a lot of buildup and my scalp gets very itchy if I wait longer than a week. Also, to infuse more moisture into my hair, I like to deep condition weekly with steam to keep my hair moisturized. My hair is high density. Thank you."
marcellaokayy,da46i8,"I had protein overload and my hair would tangle A LOT. I was always losing so much hair when I would comb and my hair started thinning out. I started to finger detangle and then gave up on detangling all together. Turns out, every single product I used (shampoo, conditioner, deep conditioner, styler) ALL had protein. I stopped using protein on my hair completely for a month and the thickness and shine returned. It also stopped breaking and shedding and I could put a comb through it for the first time in years. Dryness wasn't really a huge issue. Maybe I didn't notice and thought that's how my hair was supposed to feel."
