index,id,comments
Bobelle,cm1gue,Just cornrow it or get someone to cornrow it.
LBSinclaire,cm1gue,Flat twists or cornrows would work. Or at least do single twists or braids if you're not comfortable with doing flat twists or cornrows
Marvelnegress23,cm1gue,Maybe a little puff.
_BoringVolume,cm1gue,Any tips on how to get my hair into a marching band hat?&&&I’m starting high school marching band and have short afro hair and I’m unable to put it even a baseball cap  we had fittings yesterday and they have no idea how to size my head cause of my hair. Does anyone have any tips on how to put short natural in hats without looking a fool? 😭&&&They might. I would have to ask
allthejays94,cm1gue,"My sister did marching band and I used to put her hair in flat twists, I find them easier to smoosh down than cornrows but it depends on your hair type."
cheekumsss,cm1gue,You could maybe try braiding the top of your hair down
marcellaokayy,cm1gue,I was in marching band for 8 years and the only thing that worked for me was getting braid or twist extensions just for marching season. I learned how to put them in myself in college so it was a lot cheaper. Marley twists were easy because it requires no braiding and you can reuse the hair
melsar,cm1gue,"Hey, big marching band girl here! Marched world class drum corps as well! Most people I knew with short natural hair like that would either do cornrows, or use a durag or bandana. You could always request a larger sized helmet as well if it’s more comfortable, which I also know that some people did. Hope this helps!"
nocautiontaken,cm1gue,"High puffs or a twisted bun fit well! If you want to wear a long term style, then mini twist. Aaaand if you don’t care for that, then just pushing your hair into the shako works too.

I played sousa so I had to wear a beret, so not quite the same thing! But I knew a few girls with afros who just put up a bun and called it a day"
willemdafoescream,cm1gue,"Will they allow you to have your hair wrapped under the hat? When I was in marching band, I'd tie my hair down with a bandana or a durag which couldn't be seen under the hat. I've known some folks who would do flat twists or cornrows but those can be tricky with short hair, especially if you're doing it yourself."
CoffeeB4Talkie,clxkfx,It varies. Each person does their own thing. So it's interchangeable.
khaila_,clxkfx,"It’s for leave in, which has liquid as the primary ingredient. It really means that you should use something water or aloe based."
nocautiontaken,clxkfx,"What is the L in LCO/LOC?&&&I’m seeing conflicting things— is it leave-in conditioner or is it just liquid (water)?? Or is it interchangeable and it depends on the person?

I’m about to try the method out and I’m just going to use water because using a leave in conditioner and a cream seems like too much. Would it not cause a lot of buildup in your hair if you did that? Or am I just not making sense?"
wildhuntressophelia,clxkfx,"It can stand for both. It's up to preference I guess, some people do water - curl cream - oil while others do leave in - cream - oil. I personally do  aloe vera juice (mixed with a little water) - curl cream - gel - oil. It mainly depends on your porosity I'm guessing"
GoodLifeguard,clw8ls,TOP BRAND WATCHES FOR LADIES&&&[removed]
Funsizedazzy95,clvj15,How to define twa curls&&&
LBSinclaire,clloie,Your soft curl afro look great! Love it!
abcd9muses,clloie,"Looks beautiful! I’ve been trying to achieve this, but have yet to figure out how"
khaila_,clloie,"my curls after doing flat twists!&&&&&&Thank you! :)&&&Thank you!! :)&&&Thank you! The flat twists are actually pretty easy to do and it’s best for me considering I’m not really good at doing simple cornrows. I able to learn how to do these from a YouTube video. The flat twists give me my best curls!&&&I did, actually! I use the As I Am leave in conditioner. I also use some jojoba oil along with the As I Am twist defining cream."
tabby29,clloie,They look great! I love flat twists
thestoryteller13,clloie,"Cuuuute! Do you moisturize with the LOC method? If so, what product did you use?"
UnderSomeRock,clcbp6,"Hair shrinkage is pretty normal for natural hair! My hair always shrinks as it dries.

My hair is almost mid-back when pulled straight, shoulder length fresh out the shower, and chin length if I let it air dry without a braid-out or twist-out"
bitchcraftmra,clcbp6,"Hair shrinks as it dries?&&&Hello everyone! So my hair got big when it was wet, but I noticed as it was drying it shrunk. I wear my hair in twists, take them out for wash day, and then put them back in by the time my hair dries, so I just noticed this today. I heard this is a sign of moisture overload, but my hair is always dry as hell. Help?!

P.S: I have low porosity 4c/4b ish hair, and I noticed some 4a curls in the front.

I used to relax my hair once a year for a few years and stopped two years ago&&&I realize I phrased this kind of wrong lol. What I was trying to say is my hair stays the same length, but swells when wet and is flatter when dry, when usually it’s the opposite with that hairtype"
aprlrobertaludgte,claf8a,"love love LOVE when i re-up on these, before wash days&&&&&&I would think so. It’s a very good conditioner, I use it on mine and my daughter’s hair. Most of the time my hair is kept in a protective style,  but I usually deep condition with this on my wash days, leaving it in for 45 minutes to an hour with no heat. You’d probably want to use heat while conditioning, for low porosity hair, and then you wouldn’t really need to leave it on as long."
thestoryteller13,claf8a,is the ORS good for low porosity hair?
MJonesDev,cl43wh,"How can I get my hair to grow evenly?&&&Hey, first post here so I'm sorry if this is the incorrect format. Just for information, I am a black male aged 21 with medium length hair. For the last two years, I have been trying to get my hair to grow out to a decently long length. Not too long or high, but just to the point to where I can shake my hair or finger coil it easily.

I've been sponging my hair for the last year too and while the style looks great for a few weeks, I noticed that my hair is longer on the sides than at the top, giving it a really strange look. Cause of this, I have to get my hair cut down on the sides to even it out and look decent. 

Is there any way that I can avoid this and have the top of my head grow faster? In addition, any styles that I should try that would help and not harm my hair by breaking or pulling it?&&&About once every month to two months. I will be posting pictures soon for context."
iownakeytar,cl43wh,How often do you get your hair trimmed?
ttcool8,cl43wh,There are different rates of growth all throughout our heads. My sides of my hair grow much slower than the rest of my hair so I just decided to not cut my sides as often as I cut the rest of my hair. I’d say the same for you except the opposite. Just continue to trim your sides more often
UnderSomeRock,ckyg7y,"Getting a styled/ layered cut will help prevent the ""boxy""/ triangle look. Also, have you tried a deep side part?"
abcd9muses,ckyg7y,"Completely at lost on styling longish 4c hair&&&For about six weeks I have not had box braids and I have noticed that when stretched by threading, my hair goes past my shoulders. Of course, it doesn’t last long and will retract to just above my shoulders. I end up looking like Lord Farquad. I’m trying to figure out how I can wear my natural hair down without it looking box-like because I’m tired of always putting it in a bun or ponytail.  I’ve tried twist outs, but I still get a weird shape out of it and my hair appears thinner. Really desperate to feel confident about my hair!"
pygmy_puf_86,ckyg7y,"This. Sounds like you are ready for a shape up! My hair has grown out of shape too, I never wear it down either because it makes me look like the juggernaut."
ttcool8,ckyg7y,"Twist outs really are trial and error. My twist outs looked very spacey and thin in the beginning before I mastered them. Now I exclusively wear twist outs and I feel best with my hair out in a twist or braid out. I recommend watching halfrican beaute or evaniwithav twist out tutorials on YouTube. 

Also I would just embrace the shrinkage. My hair is bra strap and still doesn’t touch my shoulders when shrunken. But I’m okay with it lol"
BasicBrownQueen,cky8da,Silk Bandanas might be a good options for this. Also generally I would recommend using scrunchies instead of other hair ties. They seems to be better for my hair. You could probably buy them anywhere. I would look online though
IWantMyBachelors,cky8da,"Head Wraps?&&&Do you use head wraps to protect your natural hair when going out. I’ve heard of braids and cornrows protecting hair, but what about hair wraps? Not the ones you wear to bed. But the ones meant for going out.

If so, where do you buy them? And has it stopped your hair from breaking or getting damaged?&&&Do you have a Sally’s Beauty Supply where you live?&&&I never thought of that, that’s a good idea.&&&Ooooo! Thank you!"
Racine17,cky8da,"I wear head wraps mostly in the winter time. I usually buy them from Etsy for around $15-30 when the shops are having sales. A few that I've purchased from are WrappedByNellz and BoldLookHeadWraps on Etsy,  CeeCeesClosetNYC.com and FamnDjamn.com.  

I can't say for certain that wearing them has stopped my hair from breaking because I didn't have a big issue with breakage before. However I have found that they helped me  keep my hair moisturized during the winter and it kept me from having to constantly manipulate my hair so I would think if you are experiencing  breakage your hair would benefit from those two things. I usually moisturize and seal my hair, put on a bonnet then tie the wrap to protect my wrap from the products in my hair and my hair from the roughness of the wrap since most are a cotton like material. 

In the summer I wear silk or satin scarves as wraps when I've got my hair in a puff so that I don't have to slick my hair up with a bunch of gel or worry about laying edges. I have found the best place to get these scarves for wraps,  especially the silk ones, is the thrift store. It's fun to hunt for pretty prints there and I've got at least 30 of them now and they've all been $4 or less."
WendyGirl1979,cky8da,"I wear scarves while going out about 90% of the time. I did it out of lazy,  not gonna lie,  but my hair grows (wasn't my goal,  but bonus). I haunt beauty supply stores for new ones with cool patterns."
chocokitten100,cky8da,I go to the fabric store... way cheaper than to buy from a company. Just pick a nice fabric (I live in nyc so most stores have cute Ankara prints aswell). And get about a yard. Go home and cut it to my liking. I like that fabric stores also have stretchy fabrics.
Nola2LA,ckuhzs,Dare To Be Noticed in Inglewood. Karmara Brown (IG: Rawwintuition) is my braider but she specialized in natural hair so might be able to hook you up. /u/petitoignon is getting married here in LA soon and has a natural stylist. She might have a suggestion for you as well. Good luck! Are you getting married at the Madonna Inn?
Urikalynn_,ckuhzs,I used to go to lulus in mid city I believe but it’s extremely over priced. Currently in the same boat looking for a decently priced natural hair salon
infinitesarahs,ckuhzs,"Any suggestions for great natural hair salons in LA or in the SLO area?&&&I’m getting married in the San Luis Obispo area in October and want to wear my hair in what basically amounts to a wash n go but nicer. Maybe a twist out, which I would get done in LA, where I live. Having trouble finding a place that can do it though! Anybody from those areas have any recs?&&&Yeah I found Lulu’s to be very hit-or-miss with their services as well. Not worth it.&&&Thank you!! Will check those out. Getting married at Windwood Ranch in Paso Robles."
Goldionblue,ckte88,I have high porosity hair so some of my products need protein
Preshylust,ckte88,"Omg how was it! I’m in Cali for the summer but I live in nyc. I wanted to go so bad. I went to the essence beauty carnival but curl fest has been on my radar. 
That sucks about the products with protein. You should look on the ingredients list and see where it is listed. If it’s listed as some of the first ingredients it’s a higher potency. Just another way of looking at it."
ladyAnder,ckte88,"I'm not sure that they should be considered ""unsafe.""  You hair is made up of protien and it does need proteins. Even someone like me who is on a low protien hair regiment. Because the lack of protien and too much moisture will damage your hair. It's all about balance of moisture and protien. 

However, I think companies really need to consider that some people don't benefit from all their products having protein in them. The problem is, I think the average person needs it from whatever it is they a doing with their hair daily and they make products for the masses. That's is who companies cater to, the majority so they can sell more products. I think most people are on the high porosity side of things or normal. They can take all that protien.

Someone like me,no. I can't. I already protien overloaded once. I can't handle proteins in anything I use daily, not really in a shampoo or a conditioner. Maybe a deep conditioner and it depends on what kind of protien its. They can keep that hydrolyzed wheat protien as far from me as possible. And then I can't use coconut oil on top of it all and well that's another level of frustration to buying hair products."
satan_little_helper,ckte88,"Mini Protein Rant&&&I recently went to CurlFest NYC and had the best time ever. I had the gold package and that came with a goodie bag that I was excited for, but I just have a few minor issues.

Over half the products included had protein in it. Mind you, I'm not mad that I (kind of) got these items for free. I'm angry that when I sorted through everything, over half of the items had protein. This is not a rant about the items, per se, as it as about companies' increased proliferation to add protein to EVERYTHING. 

I had to cut all protein from my hair because I realized I had an overload problem. In the one month that I've cut it out, my hair has bounced back in volume. To me, protein should be along the lines of Sulfates and Parabens. They damage your hair when overused, so why shouldn't companies brag when there are no proteins in their product. 

Ladies and Gents, obsess over your ingredients lists. I thought none of my products had protein in them because none advertised it... and then I went ahead and did weekly/bimonthly protein treatments because I thought my hair was getting none. Nope, it was getting way too much and that cause my hair to be a limp eggplant. Even the basic leave-in and moisturizer/cream that I used had it as an ingredient. At this point, I'm skeptical of anything with the word ""Hydrolyzed"" in front of it. 

Just like how people are preaching about how ""unsafe"" parabens and sulfates are, though in my opinion sulfate isn't that bad as people make it out to be, they should be preaching about protein and stop encouraging everyone who has a simple hair problem that all their hair needs is protein to flourish. It's most likely a lie. 

Anyway, I'm done. Time to brainstorm a way for companies to proudly wear the ""No Proteins"" label as they do Sulfates and Parabens!&&&I never said they were unsafe. I'm saying the perpetuating of them being the save all to your natural hair is unsafe, because it tends to cause people to overuse it. I hear so many people saying that they do a protein treatment once a week, some twice a week. If your basic hair products already have protein in them, then you're overloading your hair. 

Proteins aren't bad. It's just that I would rather they only be in products that specifically say they're in there and only have to be used when you need them. You took a flat iron or a blow dryer to your hair, by all means. If you're just going day to day (I've seen some in curl refresher sprays and daily moisturizers) and just maintaining your hair as is, its overkill. Protein isn't dropping off of your hair every second. 

Here's what I mean by basic (daily/weekly) products:

Conditioner

Leave-in

Cream

Daily Moisturizer 

Daily Curl Spray

Hair Gel/Gelee

Some oil sprays

These are some of the products I've seen that have proteins on the ingredients list. Imagine someone that just so happens to use all or most of these that have hidden proteins in them and coupled with the fact that they're also doing regular protein treatments. I don't think any hair can survive that after a year or two. I didn't notice my overload until almost a year and a half of using the same products. It definitely happens gradually for the most part, because you think those products are fine, and then you end up overdoing it."
AbsAndTacos,cktbt9,Sounds like you need a trim
Goldionblue,cktbt9,"I use to have a handle on my hair but now it's out of control!&&&So I thought I had my hair under control. I wash it weekly, leave twist it, and leave it in two stand twists for the week. My hair usually comes out nice and moisturized, but over the past few months, it's been dry and tangly.

My once plump twists are now really thin and the style gets frizzy after a day! My hair is too thick to put in decent ponytail or bun, since I cant pull my hair back flat, but it's the only style I can do when I want to take a hair break.

When I try to twist my hair, I have single strand knots every where! I cant even part my hair, if my ends aren't tangled, then my roots are.

If I wear my hair out, it only looks good for one day before it becomes tangly!

I've had natural hair for years, and I thought I got the hang of things, but I feel like a beginner again! Any advice?

Ps. I cant really afford weave right now, and I dont feel like my hair is healthy enough to use weave.&&&I probably do, my ends aren't in the best shape right now&&&I usually finger detangle and then use a detangling brush, but my hair still tangles really badly. It has been a few months since I've had a trim, but do you think it explains how thing my twists look from root to tip and the root tangling?&&&Nope, I've been using the same products"
UnderSomeRock,cktbt9,Are you properly detangling it on wash days? When was the last time you had a trim?
Zaylyn5355,cktbt9,"Do you need a trim?&&&Did you introduce some new
Products in your regime?"
paceandunderstanding,cktbt9,"I have a hair crisis like this every now and then, Usually a couple things help: 

An honest trim and/or a couple good sulfate washes + top of line conditioning."
naturalhairstyles,ckpnm9,Best Bantu Knots Hair Styles For Women And Kids | New Natural Hairstyles&&&[removed]
Blumeblume,cko7xw,"I think it is normal as long as the ends are healthy. 

If the ends are thiner, crispier, uneven, and tend to tangle, it might be time for a trim."
MummyCroc,cko7xw,"Taper is normal. If your ends are healthy (minimal splits, SSKs) I would say you're fine"
immyx,cko7xw,Is it normal for twists to get thinner towards the end?(4c hair)&&&Or is it meant to be one thickness from roots to end? I feel like I’d have to cut so much off to get a uniform length twist.
sqwzmahmeatybts,cko7xw,"Totally is. The ends of your hair are the oldest part so they are naturally weathered by the sun, time, and friction from rubbing on your clothes, car seats, bedsheets, et cetera.  

I've definitely seen people with hair and twists that are thick from root to tip, but I'd say it's more common for there to be a slight taper."
CopperPegasus,cknmln,As a once in a while clarifier maybe. But seriously...its too harsh and too alkaline for hair.
Hummus_Hole,cknmln,"DILUTE, DILUTE, DILUTE

It causes buildup otherwise."
christinasays,cknmln,It's too harsh. It made my aunt lose her hair.
cocolanoire,cknmln,Be careful with that stuff. I found it quite stripping. And it messed with my nether regions - I ended up with eczema.&&&Be careful with that stuff. I found it quite stripping. And it messed with my nether regions - I ended up with eczema.
infinitesarahs,cknmln,Don’t do it!! You will regret. Apple cider vinegar is a better natural clarifier and it won’t leave your hair matted and sticky.
khaila_,cknmln,I’ve used the peppermint soap a few times in my hair and it works fine to me. It’s good for getting everything lathered up with only using a small amount and it seems to refresh my scalp a bit. But I usually use my regular shampoo/conditioner along with the dr bronner’s as a co wash.
lacunalady,cknmln,"I use it like 4 times a month. I've always liked it. It does strip your hair and ive used it my entire life. My mother used it for me, her, and the rest of my family. I had a lot of braids in as a kid and it went from dirty to clean in a matter of lather and rinse. A little goes a longggg way. Don't use it \*too\* much or every time you wash your hair (when u do braids or protective styles for a while, its good) and make sure to moisturize and condition after because holy cow have you tried working with natural hair after \*just\* using that and nothing else? Man... its rough. But I love it. The peppermint and lavender ones are my favorite."
mumibee,cknmln,"You have to dilute it according to instructions and I suggest adding an oil, it is super drying"
myfirstthrowaway7898,cknmln,My sister did and people were reporting her at work for smelling to strongly of mint :/ I guess you have to seriously dilute it to use it.
scafemiester,cknmln,its too drying. Use apple cider vinegar.
uhyeaokay,cknmln,"Does anyone here use Dr. bronners for shampoo ? How do you like it?&&&I’ve just started using Dr Bronners Castile soap as a body wash; I have heard lots of people also use the peppermint soap as shampoo. Is anyone doing this here? How do you like like it? I’m about to take my braids out and I am looking for a new clarifying shampoo that’s natural. My hair type is combo 3B/4A/B 
Thanks"
