index,id,comments
All_Wayz_Lit,bnwje1,Natural Hair: Long Locs show stopping Mohawk&&&
4tenandahalf,bnulc0,Are you using only protein shampoos or moisturizing shampoos? You have to switch them up or your hair will hurt your hands lol
CoffeeB4Talkie,bnulc0,"The Mane Choice seems to be the first brand that doesn't dry my hair. I look at all of these other brands and would love to try them, but I'm afraid to. Lol"
Hakunamitatas,bnulc0,Heck yes! The mane choice made me love my curls!!
IWantMyBachelors,bnulc0,"Try aloe vera and the vitamin E oils. I cut the vitamin E capsules and mix the oil with the aloe vera. I put in it my hair for about an hour then wash it out. I let my hair air dry.

The next day, my hair was noticeable softer and appeared hydrated.

Edit: Also, rinse your hair in cool water. I usually make sure only my hair is under the faucet, turn the water to cool, then rinse. That helps a lot too."
M0420,bnulc0,"I think you should try using deep conditioner (heat optional but very helpful) after shampooing instead of a conditioner. I invest the extra money into a better deep conditioner. My favorites are TGIN Honey Miracle Hair Mask ($12 target) and the Joico K-Pak Intense Hydrator Treatment($15 walmart). When Im stressed and neglect my hair these will get rid of all tangles and make my curls snap back without heat. I also like the aussie moist conditioner; however, it works best when i let it sit and the steam from the shower softens it a little more. I have to detangle (I use a wide tooth comb, I have 0 patience) when using aussie or it wont do anything. I hope this helps :) remember heat and water are your best friends and you should watch Maryam Hamptons yt videos on her moisture routine and deep oil conditioning her videos helped me reduce a lot of frizz i thought was my texture but was really dryness loll

s.n. i use ogx tea tree cause my scalp is the definition of dry i dont worry about shampoos because i know my deep condition will make up for it, im more focused on my scalp"
MisSinterpreter123,bnulc0,"Your hair doesn't hate shampoos. You just need to find one that works for you. Here's the thing about shampoos, the job is NOT to condition. You can certainly use a moisturizing shampoo (Alikay Naturals, Camille Rose Naturals, Mane Krush makes good shampoos) but you want your condition to condition the hair. 
A good shampoo will get all of the gunk out of your scalp but you don't want to strip the hair completely. Focus on just the scalp when shampooing and let the shampoos run down your endsm. Once weekly, use a sulfate free shampoo and a GOOD deep conditioner. You want to rinse the conditioner out in cold water after 20-30 minutes. Follow up with the LCO or LOC method. 
Once you figure out your porosity, pick which method works for you. Always sleep on a satin pillowcase. 
Good luck."
PigmentedLady,bnulc0,I didn't know black folk use dry shampoo 😅🤣 we **need** all the moisture we can get!
Pizzasuccubus,bnulc0,I personally only use shampoo every 3-4 weeks. I use a cowash every week on wash day. I love the edenbodyworks coconut cowash. When i do use shampoo I make sure to only focus on applying it to my scalp because the shampoo will run down my hair strands cleansing them. It’s a trick i learned from a youtuber. I also deep condition every week. And I am a fan of the LCO method for moisturizing.
PoetryRaven,bnulc0,"Hold up! You might be on to something, *takes notes*. So is there any specific reason why you use vitamin e instead of the other capsules available?"
SanityorPerfection,bnulc0,I’m just going to face the facts that my hair hates shampoo doesn’t matter what I use it’s always dry lol I just need to find the perfect conditioner and stop stressing myself out. 😌&&&&&&I’m afraid too. 1 I don’t want to waste money and 2 I don’t want to get something that will make my hair worse 😂 it’s like a lose lose situation&&&Thank you for the info another thing to put on my list of things to try out! 😌&&&I’ve tried the prepoo with the oil it made a tiny bit of a difference but I haven’t did a prepoo with oil in a few weeks because I’m so forgetful lol. I was thinking about trying the clay mask out just a little afraid of what it might do to my hair.&&&I wash my hair every 2 weeks mainly because if I wash it every week it becomes brittle and if I wait longer than 2 weeks my hair knots up really badly 😩.&&&I’m not sure if my hair is protein sensitive. But it could be a possibility because my hair feels so rough and dry and I try so many different things and nothing seems to help and the stress of this isn’t helping the health of my hair either. But your idea sounds like a good idea to try out. Thank you for the advice!&&&No I’m saying that all shampoos make my hair dry lmao I don’t use dry shampoo 😂
ScaredThug,bnulc0,I find that the cheap ones work best for me. Plus they tend to have the most slip.
freestyle45,bnulc0,if it's in your budget and especially if you have 4c hair give qhemet biologics a try.  their heavy cream and nourishing pomade saved my hair
kaysuh123,bnulc0,"Whenever you are shampooing your hair, try not to shampoo the ends of your hair - top of your head only, so you'll just cleaning the scalp. And then, when you are showering never use HOT water, always cold because it causes dry and itchy scalp.

Well thats why I do and it works for me."
leeleep93,bnulc0,How often do you wash? I prefer to cowash most of the time. If I shampoo too much my hair gets dry
moonchild2998,bnulc0,"I said it a hundred times and I’ll say it another hundred times. I had to make sure my shampoo wasn’t clarifying because it was literally killing my hair. After solving that problem, no more crispy ends and smooth sailing from there. I still want to try Aussie moist though"
mumibee,bnulc0,Do a prepoo with oil of your choice and use a cleansing cowash like As I Am. Once a month or so use a clarifying shampoo or ACV rinse. Also doing a bentonite clay mask every 4 to 6 weeks helps a lot.
shermanedupree,bnulc0,"Best prepoo is mayonnaise!!! I mix in egg, and olive oil and shampoo and rinse with cold water (so you don't cook the egg lol)"
spicegrl1,bnulc0,"Have u checked whether your hair is protein sensitive? Protein is in basically every shampoo. Some ppl's hair gets overloaded with protein easily & becomes rough, dry & brittle. I'm having my best hair now that I haven't used any products with protein in them for 2 months. 

Also, check whether hard water could b the issue. Try shampooing with a chelating protein free shampoo with 2 gallons ($2) of warmed up distilled water for your next few washes. (Must b distilled. U r trying to avoid the minerals that r present in hard water that might b reacting with your shampoo forming soap scum that is coating your hair).

Don't use coconut oil since it can affect protein sensitive hair the same way. Go protein free with all your hair products for a month or so & see how it goes.

This is what fixed my hair. Also, finding out I had low porosity & doing hot oil treatments."
LoveIsDestinee,bnpktc,Fast drying tips?&&&I currently have cornrows in my hair and I’m worried they won’t be dry in time. I also don’t have a dryer to sit underneath. Would a regular blow dryer work? Any tips?&&&Thank you. I was thinking this but I didn’t know how safe or how effective it would be
blakchat,bnpktc,Dont style hair when dripping wet and apply product with a light hand
dftba26,bnpktc,"make a ghetto salon dryer -- get a plastic bag, tie it on your head. make a hole,  and stick the normal hair dryer in without any attachements on it. it'll dry as if you're under salon dryer."
rootchakra111,bnpktc,Use a blow dryer but it will be difficult for it to evenly dried.
Harmonicalworld,bnmqzb,"Hey guys.I hope all of you are doing.Im from Kenya and i deal in African beaded art,call me Tefari.I have may samples if you guys would like to see❤.I'm just trying to spread the culture of my people which i love.&&&"
EvieMcC,bnm8r5,"Try African Pride Texture Management System, it is basically a leave in treatment that will make your curls more manageable if you want to wear curls, or make your straightened hair last a bit longer if you want to wear it straight. I’m not exaggerating when I say it’s revolutionised my hair! 

Also, someone mentioned Olaplex? You need it in your life!

Sorry if this is patronising but always use a heat protector before straightening your hair! 

Don’t worry, you’ll get there ❤️"
Storytella2016,bnm8r5,"I wore my hair in box braids while I transitioned. I also have thick hair, so it took a lot of time, but I was a student so I used those 12-13 hours to get work done."
djtannerz,bnm8r5,"Girlllll get you some olaplex. If you don’t know what it is I suggest watching hif3licia ‘s videos( on YT) on it. But if you don’t want to spend $28 on that 3 oz bottle then I really just suggest getting a haircut at least. Doesn’t have to a big chop just cut it girl. I was in the same place as you and I just completely stopped straightening all together (haven’t straightened for a whole year BEST THING I EVER DID) and got me a trim. AND start using Curly Girl approved products such as sulfate, silicone and parabens free products. Also it would really help if you provided a picture of your hair so we can see how badly damaged it is and see if maybe it needs a protein treatment or just moisture."
seraiah_t,bnm8r5,PLEASE HELP ME WITH MY HAIR&&&I'm 19 and mixed with primarily 3c/3b hair but my hair is so damaged from heat because ive been straightening my hair for years. I refuse to do a big chop I desperately want longer hair but my hair is soooo thick (3x the amount of a normal person) and it's so hard to style it or find products or even throw it under a wig because it's so thick. Does anyone have any products or suggestions? My hair is making me so insecure and I just want to be happy with my hair one day instead of having a breakdown and being late to college classes/work/events because I hate my hair so much
spicegrl1,bnm8r5,"Twist crochet 

[Hair](http://www.ebonyline.com/freetress-braid-jamaican-jumbo-twist.html)

I use the fatter ones because I can make my parts much larger = less tension on hair. I use less than 30 extensions. I also use fewer so that I can put it up in a top knot & the weight is nonexistent. U have to really b mindful of how tight & heavy u do these.

[Tutorial](https://www.google.com/url?sa=t&source=web&rct=j&url=%23&ved=0ahUKEwjbwdjrlq7iAhVBVd8KHZKiDGIQxa8BCCcwAA&usg=AOvVaw0VTJzWxrN8ZFOD4xbU2nov)"
Gemchick82,bnm5tp,"Ahh that 6 month to 2 year mark - that takes me back. Around that time you have your friends whom have always seen “your hair done” start saying now you’ve changed and “they could never be as carefree about their appearance as you’ve become”, guys start not really paying attention to you because they want the lie of long weaves, and you have the mom and/or the aunties giving you the side eye at church and other gatherings always asking “what are you going to do with your hair?” as if the natural state of your hair isn’t beautiful. They don’t mean any harm but it’s real that the natural hair journey for many is seen to be political and some call it unprofessional and it may change your employment opportunities - although it shouldn’t. 

My advice though you won’t listen is DON’T DO IT. Don’t lie to yourself. Don’t allow yourself in a moment of weakness to reach to the bottom of your bathroom sink cabinet hidden in the left corner for that emergency relaxer so that “you will look right for some event”. Don’t let the aunties talk you into a texturizer (aka that half step above a jerrycurl) as a “perm that gives you more body.”  It’s not and the moment you look at your hair in the mirror you will realize this shit looks horrible and then cry yourself to sleep because now your hair is real unmanageable - it doesn’t want to lay straight so you get heat damage and when you try to embrace the curl you look like a chia pet despite all the oil you put in your hair.  So then you get really mad cut your hair all off do the BIG CHOP, wear lots of hats and scarves while waiting for your hair to grow out and then wear braids to try get back to where you were before you succumbed  to your weakness. TRUE STORY by the way but we’re talking about you. 

The problem with natural hair is that it takes time—a lot more time than many of us are willing to do with our busy schedules. It’s planning a wash day, it’s trying out several products and/or making your own until you find what your hair likes and finding a style you can manage on your own rather than relying on a hairdresser. It’s learning to embrace yourself and your hair while the rest of the world doesn’t understand why you should be that comfortable in your own skin and not feel the need to assimilate to fit in. 

It’s completely understandable to stop and restart the process. Don’t feel bad many have done it and ran back to the world of relaxers. But the one advantage that you have is YouTube and other communities that can teach you about the LOC method and find ways to make two strand twists and other low manipulation styles work for you. One Youtube I particularly like is a mother with her two young daughter “Discovering Natural” she does lots of styles with hairpins and twists for her daughters. If you stick with it, you will find happiness in your kinks and as your hair grows you’ll find others will eventually start to support your journey - because not only your hair will be healthy, but you will be too. Stay away from the “creamy crack”. Be patient and love yourself."
MisSinterpreter123,bnm5tp,"Wtf is a curly perm? A jheri curl? A texturizer?
Look sis, do NOT put ANY creamy crack in your hair? 

You need to learn about your hair. I understand it can be challenging, but you can do it.  March 2019 was 3 years post big chop. I watched a lot of videos on natural hair when I was transitioning and the first few months of being natural (I still do occasionally) and here's what I've learned.

1. Typing does NOT matter. People have multiple textures in their hair and you can have 3 type 4c naturals who can't use the same products. Now you need to understand your porosity and density,  it will take some time be because your hair is damaged but you will figure it out. 

2. I didn't find my current stylist until I had been natural for about 18 months, when I met her I wasn't sure if what I was doing was correct. I found out that not has I been doing things correctly but I only had 1/4 inch of hair that needed to be cut. Here's what I did: 1. Pre-poo the night before you wash. 2. Wash your hair once a week with a sulfate free shampoo. 

3. Deep condition after every wash. Leave the deep conditioner in for 30 minutes max and rinse out in cold water. When I had my initial consultation with my stylist, her assistant asked about my wash day habits and how often I deep condition, when I told her every week, ALL of the stylists in the salon said ""EVERY WEEK!?"" I found out that that's what you're supposed to do, but nobody really does it. 

4. LCO or LOC, I believe I did the LOC method. Sleep on a satin pillowcase. Make sure you wash the pillowcase once a week. 

5.  Your hair will be healthy and beautiful. You just need to be patient and don't go back to the creamy crack."
Monchi09,bnm5tp,"thank you so much for posting this! And honestly I thought it was just my mom who loves harassing me about ""jerrycurls"" hahaha"
PigmentedLady,bnm5tp,"Why are we still recommending perms? 

There's been countless of articles and reports that shows long term and short term health effects on this. Hell even the owners of some perm brands don't even use perms.


Also OP you said you havs heat damage. You need to cut that off to decrease the damage you already have."
PoetryRaven,bnm5tp,"Yea, i agree with the top comment. You should definitely give your hair more time to flourish and grow. As long as you're taking care of your hair adequately and learning about you hair type (i e. Porosity) you should be fine. In my experience, i hadnt really been taking care of my hair prior to my big chop so when i did it, my hair was just super short with no curls to speak of. So i ended up texturizering my hair, but as i started to care for my hair, my natural pattern came out and so i eventually cut off my texturized ends. 

Imma be honest, i shouldve never texturized my hair because i dealt with so many issue because of it. I understand the need to want your hair a certain way but natural hair is definitely something that takes time and patience.

If you really want a curly perm (salons call it a curl reformation treatment but its basically just jerri curls) Design Essentials also has a safe one. Those look really good for the first few months but then the curls drop in a weird way so you have to consistently get a touch up (i.e. more money youre spending)


At the end of the day its your choice whether or not to go through it, i did it with fairly successful results but i wouldn't do it again if i could go back."
SABRlNASPEIIMAN,bnm5tp,"Yes, you can get a curly perm on natural hair. I believe it’s called a Wave Noveau. There are videos about it on YouTube :)"
SeaSalterShaker,bnm5tp,"Hmm... have you tried twist-outs with flexi-rods or perm rods? If your hair has heat damage, that may help to hide it until you decide to cut it off. I recently had a perm rod set done on my transitioning hair, and even the completely natural sections of my hair turned out nice."
StarChildArt,bnm5tp,"Others have said it, but you should just cut it off. Your hair will thank you. Chemically treating hair that is already damaged is a bad idea, anyway."
seraiah_t,bnm5tp,"Perm on natural hair&&&Ive been straightening my hair for years and just decided to go natural about six months ago. I'm sick of rocking buns but my hair has lost it's curl pattern due to heat damage. I couldn't find any info online but can curly perms be done to natural hair? I'm so impatient, I know, but I'm so close to picking up the flat iron if I can't find a way to be happy with my hair soon."
Elegant-Rectum,bnl58b,"I mean, you don't have to wear your hair natural if you truly don't like it. It's totally fine to relax your hair or wear a wig if that is truly how you are most comfortable."
Izzythepan,bnl58b,"Just realized something&&&I don’t like my hair, I didn’t like it when I relaxed it, I don’t like it now that im transitioning and I’m pretty sure thats not going to change once its fully natural 🤷🏽‍♀️ at this point maybe the best thing is to just stop wasting my energy on it and just live in dutch braid land forever."
JDnice804,bnl58b,"Shoot, I’ve been natural for about 5/6 years now and I go through love/hate periods with my hair. I’m 4a/4b, about bra band length. Honestly, I even get curl envy sometimes. 

For me, it helps to see the versatility of my hair. I do twist outs, I get silk presses, I rock braids. I love my hair in all different styles although sometime I still feel like an ugly duckling. I have to remind myself that I’m beautiful and worthy of love and good things. 

Your feelings are valid. I know it can be super hard. Transitioning hair is a challenge but I urge you to give it time. I gained more confidence as I joined the natural community."
dftba26,bnl58b,honey you have no clue what your natural hair will be like. dealing with relaxed hair is irritating but even worse is transitioning hair. you're LITERALLY in the trenches right now and that's why you're feeling that way. have you considered big chopping instead of transitioning? I did it 5'y months into my transition because I was fed tf up and I definitely don't regret it
itsKingLiz,bnl58b,I didn’t like my hair till I cut off my relaxed ends. Transitioning is really hard.
ttcool8,bnl58b,I used to hate my hair when I was relaxed as well as transitioning. Once I big chopped I only wore my hair in braids and hated my hair when I had to wash it and blow it out to get braids the next day. Only did I learn to love my hair once I really started rocking it out. I really only do twist outs braid outs and buns. I’m honestly a lot more confident in myself as well once I started wearing my natural hair. It truly is a process
Hashbrown9819,bnep4d,"Is it bad to wear only 3 different hairstyles( all of which include my hair being pulled back?&&&I’m in college(f21).So, I typically wear a high bun, two space buns, or just a pulled back bun. I was talking to my mom and she asked if I was planning on getting braids/getting my hair styled this summer( I have an internship). I asked her if what I’m doing isn’t enough. She said that I always wear my hair back and I should celebrate my texture and now I feel like I’m not doing enough. While on the other hand, my sister always wears the same hairstyle too( a high puff), but my mom said it’s different.Is it bad to just rotate these three hairstyles?"
Kdolla679,bnep4d,Could lead to traction alopecia
Sea_Soil,bnep4d,"I can relate because I have SUPER fine, tangle prone 4a hair and when I wear it ""out"" like in a wash n go, it becomes a huge mess after a few days and wants to loc up. So I just wear it in twists 90% of the time covered with a hat or scarf. I only wear it full fro when I want to look extra pretty or special occasions. Whatever you feel most comfortable with is absolutely fine! Don't feel guilty for rocking the styles that you do. :) 

&#x200B;

I don't think it is bad since you are rotating between these 3 styles, however, you should be aware that constantly having tension on not only the roots, but strands of hair themselves, especially in the same place over and over again, can damage and weaken the hair in those spots. For example, if you always wear a ponytail or bun in the same way everyday, the area of hair where the rubber band is will experience damage. And as others have mentions, if your buns are tight and pulling the hair at the roots, it could lead to hair loss."
gextnen,bnep4d,"Late to the response, but pay attention to the last half of this response, u/Hashbrown9819!

Growing up, I mostly kept my hair in a puff at the back of my head, and it thinned that part out :( My old stylist pointed it out to me when I was around 12/13 years old. It’s a bit better now, but the tension definitely ruined that part of my hair. 

So it’s good to rotate the ponytails.

But also be sure not to make them tight. Keep them loose and regularly massage your scalp with Jamaican black castor oil."
iggytheboywonder,bnep4d,"Definitely do what you feel comfortable with, but be aware that tension can cause damage!"
juiceiscold,bnep4d,"Do whatever you feel comfortable with and also what you have time for lol. It’s great to try new things but you don’t have to if you don’t want to. As long as your hair is healthy, I don’t see why you would need to change it up"
scbbK,bnep4d,"Idk. I wore my hair in basically one style for 7 years as a kid because no one around me (including my immediate family) knew how to manage my hair. I even had it parted down the middle, and I never had a problem with alopecia. I think it depends how tightly you've got it pulled back. Because there are folks who've worn their hair for years in locs or braids who don't have that problem, either. 

Do you, hon.  If it doesn't hurt, you look good and you're happy, that's what matters."
TheYellowRose,bn7qxw,Please just ask your question here
dudebigrob,bn7qxw,Oils&&&I have some questions in regards to oils. If you’re willing to help let me know so I can message you. Thanks so much!
Sheabutta_KD,bn7kj5,Protective Style Ideas&&&[removed]
ApolloniaVitelli,bn02sj,"Yup, happens all the time. Once I called and was quoted $120 for box braids. When I walked in the shop wearing nice clothes and a Marc Jacobs bag, they quoted me $200. When I told them what I was quoted via phone, they made all kinds of excuses. No thanks."
CapMoonshine,bn02sj,"Unfortunately.

Between this and being way too rough on my hair, I tend to avoid African (and honestly most) salons altogether."
Chocolatecitygirl82,bn02sj,"Yep, happens to me all the time. Even at the same salon, the price wildly fluctuates. If I call and the person I’m speaking with doesn’t recognize/know me, I’m quoted a higher price. If I walk in and they recognize me or call and speak to someone that remembers me, I get a cheaper price. It’s rare to find an African salon that publishes their prices and sticks to fair pricing. At this point, I really don’t even mess with them especially since so many African-American stylists are doing braid styles in way that’s much healthier for my natural hair."
I_am_photo,bn02sj,"Damn, I've only gotten my hair braided by my mom or my sister's friend. I just keep it as a fro now. Haven't spent more than $40 in years."
PurpleLee,bn02sj,"If base prices aren't listed, I'm not even messing with the shop. 

The shop I frequent has a price list, but the price can go up if the client has thick hair (lotsa hair)."
SweetTNWhiskey,bn02sj,Yep in the winter you can get Senegalese twist for like $150-$180. In the summer it goes all the way up to like $220-$240.
ateeightate,bn02sj,"Yeah, I have gotten a discount from someone for either knowing similar people or by being a regular. And, I have given discounts to people for being a co-worker of a friend, etc."
feverdreamgirl,bn02sj,"Y’all experience this?&&&&&&If you’re in the DFW area you should check out the fb group “DFW all about hair” if you haven’t already. There are a lot of good deals offered by stylists.&&&I understand that price if I made a natural hair care appointment. I washed and blew out my hair and I simply needed someone to cornrow it and install crochet extensions. I think everyone should be charged a fair price, though I do understand discounts offered to regulars and friends. 

It would be nice if such a salon existed—like a co-op of sorts for naturals."
kathyoven,bn02sj,"I normally barter down a lower price then give a good tip and that helps keep the price low. 

I live in Texas tho so it reminds me of when I go get tacos with my friends who speak Spanish vs by myself"
mandr4evr,bn02sj,"I don't think it's price gouging. All of us with natural hair knows how much work it takes to care for it properly. I'm sure there is very little money in it without a steady clientele but who can afford that!?
 
I think we maybe approaching the natural hair salon the wrong way. I would like to go somewhere with everything I could possibly need to do my hair as far as products and equipment and have a professional there to help me part the back of my head, oil my scalp, clip my ends, and guide me along if I'm struggling. I'd gladly pay to use a space and supplies and not have to have all this crap in my small space."
shida206,bn02sj,I avoid African hair braiders and salons.  The price always changes...
Lovelynell4,bmsnh0,"I can’t speak to how to “fix” this now, you may have to go through again, because it’s how you twist that matters. 

While using whatever product works for you, twist the twists while you twist. So, how I do: brush the section you’re about to do, grip your roots, and then while you’re putting one strand over the other, rotate your hand with whatever strand is the one on top (how you do Senegalese twist). I use either a curling custard or foam for my twists. Each have different results but the way you twist matters. My hair also comes out less frizzy the more damp my hair is weirdly. So I need spritz of water or coming out of shower or letting it airdry and stretch over night, and then applying my usual LOC method products. I cannot twist with dry hair of any nature"
MoonVibe334,bmsnh0,Twist the 2 strands before you twist them together. Do it on damp hair.
amw0421,bmsnh0,How to make 2 strand twist less frizzy?&&&So I applied all my product to my hair and realized that I forgot to use gel. I rubbed some on over the twist after the fact but I don’t think it’s going to make that much a difference to the frizz. Is there anyway to make them less frizzy without having to go through each individual twist again?
lexy-plexy,bmsnh0,Do this with flat twists and you're in business
mardem,bmsnh0,Use a foam. Carol's Daughter works the best for me but Cantu is alright (for me). Just plop it on there real good. It will look a hot mess but won't dry a hot mess.
Eleanorrigbeee,bmbxv5,"You need someone to do them for you for the first year.

You can’t access your scalp fully. As in, if you like the feel of a comb or fully scratching your scalp, you can’t do that.

They’re beautiful, relatively low-maintenance and permanent."
HulaHoop444,bmbxv5,My older sister has sisterlocs and she is very happy with them. She does have to go to  the hair salon regularly to maintain them. You can change them up a lot more easily then dreadlocks.
Sandyeller,bmbxv5,"Anyone with Sisterlocs?&&&I’m looking at getting sisterlocs, but I want to talk to someone to see how they like them so far. They’re pretty expensive, so I don’t want to take the plunge without as much knowledge as I can get. 
And I’d like to hear and pros/cons of sisterlocs. 

Thanks!"
Thewriterswithin,bmbxv5,"I don't wear weaves or wigs, but I do plan on getting dreadlocks.... I'm just worried that people will think I look crazy or unkept with dreadlocks that's why I never actively went out to get them. In addition to that my parents think dreadlocks are ugly. 


If I had my own business that made decent income every month,  I would wear dreadlocks everyday, and not give a shit what others thought..."
cheeky_shark_panties,bmbxv5,"Just like twisting your hair you can keep dreadlocks near too. 

You see a lot of people walking around with nice looking dreads, it's all about how you maintain them. 

Bump those people, they don't pay for your hair."
mumibee,bmbxv5,Bad reference sisterlocs are far more sleek and look more polished than larger locs because of their size. You can largely style them like loose hair because they are so small
GraceFullyVlog2019,bmbctt,"This is my first time getting locs, and I’m so excited about the journey. Check out my experience at the “The Loc Den.”&&&"
juiceiscold,bma8xl,"Mielle Organics Curl Refresher&&&Hi new to the sub! 

I’ve been natural for about 10 years on and off, have been using Mielle organics and only certain Shea moisture products. I’ve just really gotten the hang of a wash n go that works for me, but I’m trying to find a product that will keep my curls intact until atleast day 5. I love using Mielle organics, but this is a new product and I don’t want to waste my money.
Has anybody tried this product from them?"
