index,id,comments
EgoDripping,auglfz,"I’ve only trimmed for aesthetics, but know that you can definitely comb out your locs if it’s only been several months."
UnsatisfiableStar,auglfz,"Cutting My Locs&&&I've had my locs for almost a year, and due to a change of heart (and circumstances), I'm ready to cut them off and start over. I don't know if I'll get locs again, but I might. I just know that next time, I won't get them with someone that I no longer trust, so it's also spiritual in that aspect as well.

Edit: I cut my hair on 3/15/19, so it's been over a week since it's been cut, and I feel free!

What were the reasons why you've cut your hair?&&&It's interesting that you said concerning self love. I think that's where I'm at, but I was the same way with my first set of locs: I took care of them, but it was more cosmetic than it was about health, and had to be cut off because I maintained them TOO MUCH. 

I can't do that again, not this time around. I'm going to focus on my soon to be TWA and putting my health first. I'm ready for it!&&&This month will be month 11 if I don't cut them off. I'm calling myself formerly loc'd because my mind isn't even into maintaining them anymore (made an appointment with my stylist for next week). I will remain natural but I don't think I'll be doing locs anytime soon.

Locs were maintained with interlocking and palm rolling with honey-infused locing gel. That'll be hell to get out, especially with my work schedule!"
moonflowerbabe,auglfz,"I just cut my locs off about a week ago. I agree with you about the spiritual aspect of having locs. At first I just trimmed them, and when I saw them, they were suuuper dirty and I was just appalled. I knew I hadn’t been taking care of myself (and my hair) the way I did before having my baby. So when I saw all that build up in my locs, it was like looking at 2 years of neglect. So I cut them off as an act of self love. I’ll no longer be putting myself and my needs on the back burner. By wearing my hair out instead of in locs, it’ll force me to actually give a shit about myself. "
CopperPegasus,au4k8z,"Um... you may be looking for the wrong type of terms, then. Stress negatively effects the body, primarily by lingering in 'fight or flight' state inappropriately. Part of this causes diversion of nutrients to the 'core' systems and away from peripherals like hair. Over time, repetitive stress incidents simply wear the body down... and again, it will prioritise the brain and heart over peripherals like skin and hair. Plus stress periods are typically associated with poor nutrient intake and lack of bodily support.  
So yes, although it's not quite framed as 'be happy and hair grows', you will notice better skin and hair both if you are in a period of less stress....which would typically be 'happy'.  
"
Rae72,au4k8z,Pretty much this!
_lonely_hearts_club_,au4k8z,"A Theory&&&Hair (or at least mine) seems to grow faster and stronger during periods of happiness. Whereas when I’m depressed (which is often ngl) I see very little growth. This difference makes sense to me but I can’t seem to find any scientific evidence supporting it. 
Does anyone have the same experience or just me?&&&Ah that’s so interesting and makes so much sense haha! Thank you! You’re right I probably just wasn’t searching for the right things. "
Beautyinloss,atunpf,What YouTube video?
CamyeMarie,atunpf,Congrats! Literally was so happy the day I learned to cornrow I  called my  sister who was like wtf you're so late lol. I'm trying to learned how to do spring twists next. 
Decayug,atunpf,"Yay!! Well done, you!"
Jazzers88,atunpf,"I did it! I learned how to cornrow!&&&Im legit so excited. I practiced on my sister’s mannequin head first after watching a specific video from YT. Then I tried the method on the back of my head and I’ve finally found my rhythm. 🤟🏾 Although collectively a lot of diff videos from YT have helped me understand the concept this is what put all that prior research all together into the results I got today.

Edit: If you wanna know which video helped me put the concept of braiding altogether for me juss message me directly bcuz this subreddit doesn’t allow YT links 🤷🏽‍♀️&&&I’m gonna juss directly send it to you cuz this subreddit won’t allow me to link it for s*** lol&&&No"
Lynette713,atunpf,Link please!
MangoObsessed,atunpf,So happy for you! I've forever been doing some ASAP Rocky braids since I can't cornrow😅 
PinkPurse12,atunpf,What youtube vid was it it? Was it from Naptural85???
Sdk77,atunpf,Check out @microlinksnyc on ig 
amethyst_asuna,atunpf,Could you send it to me?
blackmagickchick,atunpf,Which YouTube video please?
nanogirl21,atunpf,Congrats 
squeel,atunpf,I *can* braid (I taught myself on my dolls way back when) but I've never actually braided anyone else's hair and I definitely cannot braid my own hair. But give me a Barbie head and I'll hook her up. 
JDnice804,atq31n,"I’m low porosity 4a/4b. My hair loves to be deep conditioned with TGIN’s miracle honey deep hair mask. It makes my typically dry hair feel like butter. 

I also started sealing my hair with castor oil and can tell my hair is holding moisture so much better. My twist outs are lasting about 7 days now. "
Jazzers88,atq31n,"I have the same hair type and personally my hair loves mango butter, jojoba oil for sealing, I NEVER directly put coconut oil on it honestly does nothing. Yu may wanna test your hair to see if it even likes coconut, some naturals find out like 1+ yrs into their journey that their hair doesn’t like coconut that much as all. I use Mielle curl custard for defined twist/braid outs. I use Kinky Curly Detangle and gel for wash and gos. I make sure I clarify and do a protein treatment every 6 weeks. And recently I juss started doing a hot honey/olive oil mask under my usual deep conditioner when I condition for 30mins. JBCO also does wonders for sealing. For moisture I use aloe vera juice/water/glycerin in my spray bottle. But if your trying to elongate your hair don’t put ALOT of glycerin since it’s a humectant. Everything from the Texture ID line has been a game changer for me. It’s the only line where I felt I had to get the WHOLE entire line because that’s juss how great it is. "
Rae72,atq31n,Good blog post on the Afrocenchix site about this. Low porosity essentially means not damaged so you need a light regime. Tried the LOC method?
_CoachMcGuirk,atq31n,Shea Moisture has a low porosity/protein free shampoo and conditioner 
apasatu123,atq31n,"Low Porosity Tip?&&&So, after years of being a very lazy natural with 4c hair, I finally started to do some research and discovered I have low porosity hair. Are there any brands, oils, moisturizers, etc, that I should be on the look out for? I know protein buildup is something to avoid, and I am more than open to any additional suggestions or tips. ‘Preciate it! "
banana-n-oatmeal,atq31n,"Low porosity = use heat when you deep condition.

For products, I really like the Camille Rose brand. Their coconut  water penetrating treatment is da bomb!"
carmieeee,atq31n,"Use lightweight oils like avocado, argan, macadamia, almond, etc."
chocolate-merman,atq31n,This. My hair health has improved GREATLY with just this 
floralsparkk,atq31n,"Deep condition with heat weekly. You hair will not hold moisture without heat
"
unwaveringwish,atq31n,warm water > cool water every time. 
ContentCreator-,atatgn,"Want to get dreadlocks have a few questions&&&So I’ve basically went through every hairstyle with my 4c hair. Two strand, braids, Afro etc. I have it in an Afro right now but I absolutely hate it because the ends get tangled and it’s hard to comb and idk I’m just done with it. 

I want to get dreads like juice wrld or playboy Carti’s but I want to get them twisted professionally because I want them to also look neat. Would the best of both worlds be to get them twisted and let them freeform from there and not retwist often?

How would I go about washing them or getting them wet without the locs untangling and or getting extremely frizzy?

Would I shampoo it or condition? I heard that could be bad for your dreads 

Basically I just want aesthetically pleasing, healthy dreads that would look like a cool rappers if that makes sense. Thank you so much for the help"
EgoDripping,atatgn,"If you want to wash without your baby locs falling apart, wear a stocking cap while you shampoo and rinse. Also, no conditioner just yet and stay away from products solid at room temp.

I’d say get them started professionally and go back for your first few retests, then handle yourself if you’re comfortable."
Number1toolfool,atatgn,"I have 4c hair and in April of 2018 I got Sisterlocks.  It has by far been the best decision for my hair I ever made.  My hair took to it very nicely and has loc'd up fast.  My process while it's still locking involves what's called braiding and banding, where I have to braid up the individual locks and then fold the ends with a rubber band.  "
Zexy_Prophet,atatgn,"Your best bet may be to try Loc Extensions. Theyre $1000+ but theyll give you instant locs without the ugly phase, which you will have if you begin your journey with starter locs. However, having locs is a journey into self love, and rejecting the mainstream standard of beauty. Neat hair and controlled edges are something you will seldomly have unless you do your hair very often, which isnt good for your hair or your bank account. Ive seen too many women start locs and chop their hair off because they didnt like the look. "
cali5795,atatgn,"I had locs for 5yrs that I started and maintained myself until I combed then out in 2017. You don't have to go to a professional you can easily do this your self, and they will remain neat as long as you keep up maintenance. Since your worried about frizz I would start out with braids and just retwist your new growth. Play boi carti doesn't have freeform locs (at least not in the pics I just saw on Google) freeform is when you do not manipulate your hair in any way allowing it to just grow and combine as it pleases. Also if you start out with braids you can wash your hair normally without worrying about your 4c hair unraveling. And to combat frizz you will have to palm roll which is a simple technique you can look up on YouTube. "
because_pineapples,at4qqa,"Curl defining cream for low porosity hair&&&Hi everyone I've been a lurker here but never posted. I've been having a difficult time learning to do my natural hair. It's extremely fine, dense, and I think low porosity. I'm going to revisit the Anthony dickey method as a way to define my curls, but I can't afford to try the curly whip he uses since the amount I would need to saturate my hair would be probably half the bottle. Does anyone use any products they like that would be comparable to that? My hair is pretty much all 4a with some 3c in a couple of places. Also if anyone has tried the Anthony dickey method did you find that it worked well for you? &&&Thanks! I should have put in the post that frizz is a concern too. Do you cowash every 4 days or do you use shampoo? &&&Thanks for the advice! I'm glad to hear about the finger detangling part especially because I have always had a difficult time with that, and I think it may not be the right method for me. I am trying so hard to love my hair but it feels like such a production when it comes to styling. The worst feeling is spending hours trying to style and then not getting the look you thought you would achieve. "
charryblossom,at4qqa,"Uncle funkys daughter curly magic is pretty fantastic for low porosity hair. It is very light and doesn't weigh my hair down. I wash every 4ish days.  I usually add a little more on day 3 or 4.  Helps with the frizzies, too.  "
unwaveringwish,at4qqa,"We have the same density, fineness and porosity! Tried the method and while it worked for me, I definitely needed to detangle with a wide tooth, but short-toothed comb [like this](https://www.amazon.com/Breezelike-Hair-Comb-Detangling-Sandalwood/dp/B00MR0PPKG) during the conditioning or deep conditioning process because my hair is way fine to just finger detangle. 

Using whatever leave-in and styler combo you’ve got lying around is a great starting place. Try a lighter leave-in like in a spray bottle and squeeze that through. You can even try combining a clear but thick leave in with some water in a spray bottle to make sure you can get it all over. The important thing is that you do this while your hair is saturated with water and then squeeze the product through. 

Then follow up with a styling cream, or even a gel. It may take a few tries to get the set of stylers right. I used a heat protectant leave-in by Mielle Organics because I planned to diffuse, and followed it up with TGIN gel. It didn’t _sound_ like it mixed well, but these results??? 😭  4c/(b in the back) success! Didn’t even have to use a hair dryer, and it dried in a few hours!! 

Either way I hope you’ll find something that works for you. It certainly takes time but it’s worth it!!! Good luck!"
Hummus_Hole,at4pv0,"JBCO helps.  But I have been resigned to the fact that my edges will always be thinner than the rest of my hair.  I have been natural for decades.

When I gel my edges down I camouflage the ""gaps"" with dark lipstick.  Doesn't solve the problem but hides it well.
"
SoleiVale,at4pv0,"I don't want to be *that person* but I've had issues with that area too. Usually it's short, dry, and brittle. I started taking biotin and it's not as rough anymore and is growing. But remember to get a good brand&&&I don't want to be *that person* but I've had issues with that area too. Usually it's short, dry, and brittle. I started taking biotin and it's not as rough anymore and is growing. But remember to get a good brand. The Revly brand is 10 for a 3 months supply."
emancipationOfGigi,at4pv0,"In my experience, castor oil is a good, thick sealant oil but has never helped me with growing edges. Look into rice water to spray on your edges. I’m 2 weeks in and my traction alopecia is filling in."
iwogl,at4pv0,"Trying to grow my edges!&&&I started my transition to being natural about 2 yrs ago I’m 21 now and my main intention was for my edges to grow I’m fully natural now (4c TWA) 

There has been some growth in my edges but my hair has grown at a faster pace and I still can’t slick my hair to the back because my edges are still very scanty. I’ve tried many products but tbh I’m not very good with using products everyday. 

Until this year I used to wear wigs all the time and use heat to blow out my hair but I’m trying to be heat free this year and not wear wigs as much so just crochet hairstyles and ponytails. 

Any advice on methods or other products I can try would be helpful! :)

Products I’ve tried: edge entity, kaleidoscope miracle drops, doo gro, Shea butter, virgin hair fertilizer (currently using) "
mklykl,at4pv0,I use castor oil and never gel my baby hair down. I had thinning edges due to years of improper dreadlock maintenance+thin hair
moonflowerbabe,at4pv0,"Like the others said, castor oil should help. I my edges started thinning after my son was born. Used a mix of castor oil with a few drops of rosemary and cedar essential oils to grow them back. "
NaturallHeads,at0knh,"Natural Heads Upcoming Sale&&&Natural Heads will be running a cool little sale this upcoming March,
“Natural Heads March Madness”
Coupon is for 15% OFF of your entire purchase,
Starting March 1, 2019  Ends March 15, 2019.
COUPON CODE NH-REDDIT-LUV.
[Natural Heads Hair Care]
(http://www.naturallheads.com)"
ItsJustPercy,asxfps,"Thinking about Flat Ironing my hair&&&Been natural for about a year now, and I’ve recently dyed my hair red, with my roots being a dark red and my ends bleached to be a lighter more orangish red. Anyways, been wanting to either get braids or just a blowout. Would it be wise to do so? I’ve been avoiding heat so that my color won’t fade- I use barely lukewarm water to wash my hair and air dry most of perm rod sets, etc. However, I’ve seen plenty of naturals get their hair straightened with great results. Guess I’m just a little nervous. I have fine, 4b/c, high porosity hair btw. Any tips/advice would be greatly appreciated! &&&That’s exactly what I’m afraid of 😨

I might wait until I can find a natural hair stylist who’s experienced with this kind of thing- AKA not the lady I had been going to back home unfortunately. The lady who did my color was great but she’s in TN so that’s a no go lol&&&That’s exactly why I wanted to get mine blown out! I hope it works out the same for me 😆&&&I mostly use color safe cowash every week to deep condition and shampoo once a month with a salon brand(same brand as my color) specially made for color treated hair. And yeah, def going to spend a good minute looking for the right stylist. My hair is finally starting to get back to where it needs to be in terms of length, don’t wanna mess that up lmao &&&It’s been at least month since I’ve had it done, so I figured it would be ok to start planning ahead for it lol."
MisSinterpreter123,asxfps,"I would leave the flat ironing to the professionals. Also, make sure you use a shampoo for color treated hair. Not a $5 one from the drug store. "
__Shadynasty_,asxfps,"I did my hair red a few weeks ago and just got a Brazilian blow out
 I'm loving it and it's really showing off the color! "
bre875,asxfps,Omg. BE EXTRA CAREFUL. just sayin. I straightened my hair for five years no problem but as soon as I dyed it... IT FELL OUT after I straightened it. And it didn’t stop.bathroom floor covered with hair. Dying it definitely weakens the hair shaft and makes it more vulnerable to severe heat damage. Please do not make the same mistake I did and either do not straighten or be extra careful and do a low setting &&&Seriously!!
rosha267,asxfps,Flat ironing? No problem! Dying it? Why not?! Doing both back to back? Big no no! 
Captain_Marshmellow,ast2p9,"I make my own unless there's a really good deal on them (amazon for the win) and hair stores typically have the clip component you need.

My extensions kit only needs 2 bundles if you like the full volume look. 

for the crown of my head I take 3 tracks and sew them together then sew them to the clip ins. 

The sides typically need 2 tracks and the back only needs 2 tracks as well. 

I would suggest you look at the clips before you purchase them, they have one style out there where you just clamp them onto the track and squeeze it shut but that does not work for me. "
PoetryRaven,ast2p9,"Natural hair clip extensions?&&&👋hey.  I'm thinking about getting some natural hair extensions.  Anything I should know before getting them? Maintenance? Styling? Breakage? Etc?  I have short hair 4.5 inches, any specific length I should get? Also if anyone knows a good seller to get reasonably priced ones,  that'd be great. Specifically some from Amazon maybe? 
Thx for any tips. 

Edit: also,  are extensions considered protective styling? &&&I was planning on getting a 10inch,  is that ok or do you think my hair is still too short for that? &&&Thx for the tip! "
floralsparkk,ast2p9,"Check queen weave beauty and isee for cheap natural textures, make the clips yourself.
I wouldn't get clips of my hair that short, I'd do a sew in or wig.
You'll need to layer your clips, you can't have 4 inch leave out ans 16 inch clips. "
Beautyinloss,asrzk3,How’d it work out? Wish I could give you tips but I don’t have locs ): 
TGeniune,asrzk3,"***HELP***&&&I’m currently stuck under the dryer after getting my locs retwisted....GIVE ME FREE!!!  My stylist is just sitting back laughing cause in this rainy day my waist length dreadlocks aren’t drying!!!  There has gotta be a better way!  I’ve stripped down to my undershirt, my scalp is on FIRE!!!! Yet my thick hair is still not dry!!!!  HELP&&&If I ask to put oil on my hair would that help or fry me more like bacon?&&&My appointment was for 10:30. I got there early and we got started early. While my hair is long I only got a palm roll/retwist and a slight style. The drying time is what took FOREVER I left out the salon at 3:50.  It’s not often that I can get to the salon anyways and enjoy being in the creative space. I don’t like the dryer!!!&&&Yeah...after ALL that dryer time my hair is STILL damp today. I have them hanging loose...she used a hand held blow dryer to get close to my scalp and also to let the product set even more. 

4 hours under the dryer was NO FUN!!!  I saw lots of people come and go during that time. &&&This here is why I don’t like coming but need help to wash these antennas of mine...ugh 

Somebody, anybody...please...HELP&&&Don’t feel I could go out in the rain with a wet head. Also about to get an updo...don’t want to mold/stinky smell...of it was summer time yep I would. "
evoLyllaeR,asrzk3," 
When my locs got to sacrum length i would use a lint free tee shirt and twist/wring them in sections to get the most moisture out before using the hand held dryer on the portions closer to my head and neck if I absolutely had to be somewhere and didn't want the mold/damp smell to form.
Otherwise I just knew I would put up with damp hair for a couple days..."
unwaveringwish,asrzk3,Have you tried air drying? Why suffer?
Sledgehammers,as7efz,A 2-strand twist can be your best friend
alleymind,as7efz,"Hairstyle tips?&&&Hello everyone. I’m 19, and basically have been having my hair relaxed for as long as I can remember. Definitely at least 10 years or so. I finally went completely natural a couple months ago but am absolutely stuck on hairstyles. I can’t braid except your regular one, and even then my hair sticks out. I can’t French not anything more advanced and I’m getting tired of the low sleek ponytail. Anyone have any tips? I’m a bit nervous to just wear it down, but it’s also not even and really short because i just cut off the straight ends. I want to keep and embrace my natural self but my hair is getting kind of boring I need to mix it up. Thanks everyone!! &&&I’ll check it out, thank u!&&&Are these for everyday wear out or like you sleep in it?&&&I guess I should get to practicing. I grew up in a house where my mother has sleek straight hair, in really just guessing here. Also I don’t know what a lot of those are so will for sure look into them thanks! &&&Yeah this is something I’ve been interested in doing just need to find someone to do it"
codeiqhq,as7efz,I would love to see what your hair looks like! Or any inspiration pics on Pinterest that you’d want to try?
montilyetsss,as7efz,Yup! 
ttcool8,as7efz,When I big chopped I mostly wore my hair in box braids. If i were you I would invest in some kanekalon hair and teach yourself as it’s way cheaper than paying someone to do it
wildhuntressophelia,as7efz,"Definitely don't be afraid to switch it up. As another poster said two strand twists are the number one but don't be afraid to go for a protective style when you are unsure or bored. Natural hair can do so many things: braid outs, twist out, wash and gos, box braids, Senegalese twists, spring twists, passion twists, cornrows, flat twists. 

This is also a great opportunity to learn because going to the salon is not cheap. "
BankBlackPanther,as6yz9,"I love Africa's best herbal oil!!
"
Sharbubbles972,as6yz9,"Taking Care of Hair in Box Braids&&&Hi! It's been a week and a half since I got my box braids in. I work out a lot (5-6x a week. Mostly cardio)

1. What's your haircare regimen when in box braids?
2. How often do you wash your hair? Do you ever use a waterless shampoo? Does washing affect the quality of your hair? 
3. How often do you oil your scalp?
4. Do you use a braid spray? What kind?
5. I don't think I got a good hair stylist. I have quite a few pieces of my real hair poking out of my braids where my real hair ends. Is that common?
6. Do you leave leave-ins on your roots? How often?

Any feedback is appreciated!"
evolasaj,as6yz9,"1.	I keep my hair extremely moisturized, with a combination of water, oil & moisturizer. I never let more than a couple days pass without saturating my scalp & braids with either tea tree oil or Soft Sheen Care Free Curl (gold bottle). I make sure my scalp is saturated & I go down the length of braids to where my hair stops. 
2.	I don’t wash it frequently but I would suggest you do because you work out & your scalp sweats (I’m assuming). I have Shea Moisture No Rinse Foam Cleanser from time to time. 
3.	I oil it 3-4x a week. 
4.	I have my own spray, literally just a combination of water & Africa’s Best Herbal Oil. 
5.	Your hair will probably frizz up quicker since you workout frequently. I’ve had my braids in for about 6 weeks & I noticed frizzing after week 3-4. 
6.	No. "
kimbolslice,as6yz9,"I like Carol's Daughter Honey Mimosa scalp cleanser as a waterless option, and it's specifically for protective styles.

Girl + Hair makes an entire line of products (used with water) for hair in protective styles as well."
tallulahbelly14,as6yz9,"I’m also a frequent exerciser and to be honest I struggle with braids and twists. I often end up taking them out early which seems like a waste but it’s really important for me to have clean / clean-smelling hair, and I worry about my hair matting. 

When washing, I use normal shampoo and conditioner, then spray with leave-in conditioner and apply oil (lightly) from root to tip. Generally I try to moisturise as much as possible but I don’t always remember. 

And it’s inevitable that braids will get a bit messy when they’re washed - I now use textured hair so that it’s less obvious. "
Paradyme80,as3og1,Can you apply one mask after the other?&&&pretty sure its fine but just wanted to double check. I have been wearing my hair straight and wanted to do my African Pride Aloe & Coconut water Moroccan clay and Shea butter detox mask. Its drying though. So wanted to follow up with a hydrating deep conditioner probably Aussie under heat. Should that be cool?
wildhuntressophelia,as3og1,I've even mixed a couple masks together and it was fine so you shouldn't have a problem. What you could try as well is to pre poo then shampoo and then deep condition to help restore the moisture and elasticity to your hair. 
AdamantiumFoil,as2t82,"Have you tried flaxseed gel? It's easy and cheap to make, really hydrating, and you can add oils to it for extra sealing power. If you want a thicker gel with a little more hold, you just add less water."
JustSomeBadGas,as2t82,"I have really thick 4b/c hair, so I usually need heavier products. Shea butter is a good natural product I like to use for roller sets and it leaves my hair feeling super soft and moisturized. It can be a real arm workout though when you're trying to rub it down to an oil."
brightlove,as2t82,"What are your favorite products that have a strong hold and soft touch?&&&My hair is very malleable, so my roller sets (any styling) don't last long.

&#x200B;

I have 3C/4A hair. I want to be able to do roller sets that last all week. 

&#x200B;

I've been using curl cream, but I'm looking for something with more of a hold that's still hydrating because my hair doesn't hold moisture well. Thank you! &&&What do you use after the Shea butter for hold? &&&I was doing weaves the past 4 months, but a few nights ago I basically had a panic attack over how heavy it was/not being able to touch my scalp haha. So now I'm trying to finally figure out how to do my natural hair in a way that makes me happy.

&#x200B;

I do like roller sets but I wish they lasted multiple days. I'll keep you posted if I find anything!&&&I have! I ended up burning myself/not being able to strain thicker gel haha. So if you have any tips! =)"
cocolanoire,as2t82,Whisk your pure shea butter with a handheld mixer or blender - either with some oils (if you don’t like the smell) or by itself. Makes a huge difference. Also keep the excess in the fridge (it can actually go off if you’re in a hot country). 
etcaves,as2t82,I have the same issue. I've tried mousse but after a day it gets dry
floralsparkk,as2t82,Beeswax and gel combo 
jdcpg,as2t82,Try gorilla snot. Best gel ever!
yourbestbudz,as2t82,Giovanni works so good for me. It’s best for fine hair. 
ellewoulds,as0sb1,"I use my hooded dryer for deep conditioning and for drying my “wash n go”. 

Idk why we still call it a “wash n go” 10 years later. It ain’t nothing quick about that process lol"
feelingsavoider,as0sb1,Lmao the pretending to be shocked thing is so relatable. But it is the best for deep conditioning. 
redvelvet223,as0sb1,"Sometimes I like to pretend it dries my hair. So when I take down my still wet twist out, I can act shocked. 

Real answer, I use my hooded dryer when I want my deep conditioner to be more effective. "
skidkneee,as0sb1,"Same, I love using gel under the hooded dryer to get a really stiff cast, then scrunch it out. My hair lasts a lot longer (\~5 days) than if I were just to let it air dry with gel. It also has a lot more volume (after the scrunch ofc.)"
ty_ology,as0sb1,"What do you guys use hair dryers for?&&&My mom gave me her old hair dryer (hooded one you sit under) and I have no idea how to use it lol. Last time I regularly used it, I was relaxed. I always air dry my hair too. Anyone use it in their regimen? And if you do, do you notice any difference?"
baddishnbrainy,arxqjp,Stagnant Growth&&&[removed]
