index,id,comments
CautiousReason,bysyyk,toallmyblackgirls.com
floralsparkk,bysyyk,Isee hair
lacefrontyard,bysyyk,"I’m in Los Angeles, too! I have yet to find a store I like so I mostly just google natural hair wigs and then go to YouTube and watch people do unboxing, styling, and update videos. You can even use Amazon once you know the unit info! Other than that, I’ve had luck with samsbeauty online. Also, Outre’s “Big Beautiful Hair” collection has some natural looking wigs that specify curl pattern!

Oh— I also wear blonde natural wigs when I get the urge because I don’t want to color my own hair! It’s definitely the move haha"
pxssy-cactus,bysyyk,I buy all my wigs from aliexpress. Best decision I've ever done especially since beauty stores around me are super expensive.
saucetheauxx,bysyyk,where are you located?
soopaaflii,bysyyk,"Where to buy natural hair wigs online?&&&Heyo! I’m in the mood to go blonde this summer, but I’m wayyy too attached to my natural hair to risk the damage, so hello wigs we go! 

I want to buy a wig online because my neighborhood is...ahem...not known for its beauty supply stores so the decent wigs here are scarce. Plus their wigs are all straight, and I want to go the kinky curly natural route. 

Where does one buy wigs online from a reputable source? There are so many sites out there and I’ve heard horror stories from friends who have bought from sketchy Instagram companies that stole their money. Any good recommendations? TIA&&&Thank you! I see some nice ones on Sam’s beauty that I like.

Small world! I may hit you up for more natural hair reccs :)&&&Thanks for the rec. Never used the site since it looked kinda sketchy and couldn’t be sure of the quality. But you’ve had no issues?&&&Los Angeles,  but not the melaninated part"
CroakyBear1997,bysbbb,"Not sure if this is working&&&&&& got tired of the same old short-fade haircuts, I started my curly hair journey about 2 months ago, no haircuts, only lineups.   


My usual routine is:   


On Sunday I wash/detangle my hair with As I am Co-wash then condition it with Cantu hydrating cream conditioner adding in apple cider vinegar to cleanse. I use cold water to finish off washing my hair. After washing I use Jamaican Mango Lime Oil, Shea moisture curl and style milk/curl enhancing smoothie to keep it hydrated.   


Every morning I use Shea moisture curl style milk/curl enhancer smoothie with Cantu define and shine custard to keep the curls nice n’ juicy. I’ll then use a sponge brush to curl my hair when it dries a little. I noticed when my hair does curl, it gets really coily (I’m not sure of my hair type), but I don’t like the end result. It just looks like short frizzy spikes. I don’t t know if my hair needs to grow or what, but I could use some tips!   


I only clean my hair on Sundays and I use satin pillowcases to keep my hair protected."
ecrowwcro,bypnkh,I want dreads&&&[removed]
CoffeeB4Talkie,byl833,"I've been adding aloe vera (I get the plant and puree the inside/meat of the leaf). I also have been using JBCO on my edges and ends of my hair (rinse out-JBCO is too heavy to leave in my hair). 
I'm a huge fan of The Mane Choice.
I Deep Condition every time I wash my hair (weekly). 
I don't use heavy products/oils as leave ins because it will lead to crazy build up."
Curlzonfleek,byl833,I always create my own deep conditions and make them heated to see the best results for my thick hair. First things first deep condition weekly!!! That’ll begin the hydration process. When making your personalized deep conditions Bc I have such thick hair I use oils like jojoba and olive oil which makes my hair super soft and shiny. I usually start with my favorite conditioner then add my favorite oils whisk it and there you have it your own deep conditioner. Section your hair and comb this through generously. Put your processing cap on and sit under your dryer for thirty min. For me I see the best results from heated deep conditions but play around with it. One week heated deep condition one week just chillin around the house deep conditioning with no heat and see what your hair likes best. Also with styling be sure to pay special attention to your ends so they don’t look too dry when doing things like twist outs or a simple wash n go. Let me know if you have any questions 💖
DaniMrynn,byl833,"TGIN Honey moisture mask, and Mielle Organics Babassu deep conditioner are great DCs. You won't need to deep condition every week after the first two to three weeks, though - after that a good moisturising shampoo, a rinse out conditioner like Oyin Honey Hemp, and a leave-in will do you fine. Avoid conditioners and twist creams with a lot of butters because they'll make your hair more dehydrated (they block water/moisture from penetrating your hair)."
DepressedWitch21,byl833,"If you're looking for a deep hydration you can make your own conditioner by mixing 1 medium avocado, 1-2 tablespoons of olive oil and if you want, an egg yolk. The trick is to blend this very well, the final product should be like a cream, smooth and with no lumps so your hair can absorb the nutrients, apply it in all your hair after shampoo, make sure to start using warm water, then leave for 30 minutes, 40 if your hair is too dry, then rinse with cold water without leaving any residue. You can use this twice a week. If you feel that using avocado is very oily for your hair, try replacing it with a cup of honey or a chopped banana (maybe 2 bananas) that also works like magic. And the cheapest trick: coconut oil.

I guess that you know that is important to avoid dryers, straighteners, aggressive products or an aggressive combing/brushing while your hair is dry. No matter how hydration you apply, if you mistreat your hair it will look the same. You can even try no-silicones conditioner, and even a sulfate free, sodium chloride free shampoo. Hope I've helped, and good luck!"
MisSinterpreter123,byl833,"If I suggest something that works well for my medium/high pororsity hair, it won't work well if you have low pororsity. 

Start by getting a good trim for the Summer. Find a natural hair stylist not just someone who does natural hair. Someonr who just does natural hair will straighten your natural hair to trim it and can't teach you how to take care of your natural hair. A natural hair stylist will take of your hair and trim in it's natural state. Make sure a natural hair stylist does your trim and that your hair is healthy for the summer. 

Knowing your porosity helps you select better products, that being said, here are a few brands that work well for my friends and I (different pororsities)

Alikay naturals honey and sage DC
Camille Rose Naturals Algae Renew DC
The Mane Choice Ancient Egyptian Anti-Breakage & Repair Antidote Hair Mask

Make sure you use steam ( Qredew or shower steam) to help the DC penetrate better and sleep on a satin pillowcase.

Also protective styling shouldn't dry your hair out. Make sure your hair is healthy before,during AND after protective styling. 

Good luck."
Pizzasuccubus,byl833,If you’re looking for something cheap to get the job done then aussie moist 3 minute miracle is a great product. I usually leave it on at least 30 mins.
blue_vacation,byl833,"Deep conditioning help!&&&I’ve been in an out of box braids for two years and now that I have time off in the summer I want to put some moisture back into my hair. My hair isn’t the longest, but it is pretty thick. It’s also extremely dry. If anyone could share their deep conditioning tips/products, it would be very much appreciated! Also, if anyone has tips on edge growth/protection it would help me out a lot.

Edit: The responses to this post have been extremely helpful. I’m still learning about my natural hair and was initially hesitant to post asking for help but I can’t thank everyone enough for their recommendations and advice. I’m excited to try these products and routines!&&&Thanks!&&&Thanks! I did not know that about hair butters :O&&&Thanks for the product recommendation. I’ll have to look into getting a hote head, but for now, would a bonnet dryer work?&&&Thanks for sharing your routine! I’ll be trying this for sure&&&Thank you, one of my first steps will be getting a trim and finding products that work well for my hair porosity.&&&Thanks for the recommendation! I’ve been wanting to use aloe vera for a while so I will definitely look into this.&&&Thanks for sharing this, it’s always helpful to have a conditioning routine with home products. I’ve seen routines with olive oil and egg yolk, but I’ll have to give the avocado a try. Are there any sulfate free shampoos you recommend?"
chameleoninvasion,byl833,DMM me girl!!
dftba26,byl833,"I recommend Miellé Organics Babassu Oil & Mint deep conditioner-- super moisturizing. I would also advise you get a hot head too. I thought I was deep conditioning good with all of the plastic bag only or plastic shower caps to get the heat dispersed but nothing, NOTHING will absorb into your head as well as the hot head does! the first time I used it I cried!!"
haute-e,byl833,"I’ve been using that for about 4 years on my natural hair and it’s the only product my hair hasn’t gotten tired of. It’s super cheap, $2.97, and works amazingly. I can’t go back to buying deep conditioners for $12 a bottle anymore"
thatsameawkwardgirl,byl833,"Hi, so my first tip for deep conditioning. Make sure it works for you hair, and it's okay to try different products to see if it works for your hair, but don't keep trying and trying if you found something that works for you. If you find something that works, make it a routine. Deep condition weekly or bi weekly depending on your hair needs. If you find yourself using a lot of products or products that cause build up, you might need to wash your hair weekly instead of bi weekly but regardless of when you do, make sure to deep condition. Sometimes your product may say ""Leave on for 2 minutes"" or ""rinse out after 10 minutes"" in most cases, it's okay to leave it on for an hour or so. The deep conditioner penetrates your follicles better with heat allowing the moisture in easier and faster than just leaving it on with a cap. What I do if I'm in the mood is just use a plastic bag to cover my hair after deep conditioning and use my blow drier at a distance to warm it up a little because I'm cheap and can't get a hooded dryer. Right now, I'm using Aunt Jackie's coconut creme deep conditioning repair cream and I love the consistency. It's pretty thick so if your hair loves thick things, I recommend that. I got it for about 6 bucks on Amazon.

About your edges. I reccomend using castor oil or Jamaican black castor oil to grow them back. I heard Jamaican black castor oil is better but regular castor oil keeps mine strong. Also, if you're using gels and edge controls/ hard brushes on your hair, that could be what's pulling it out, or even if you're not protecting your hair at night. The friction causes breakage. So use a satin /silk scarf, bonnet, pillow or sheets to protect your hair. If you can't help using gels and brushes on your edges, use castor oil or another thick oil first, then apply your gels so that the oils act as a barrier and will lessen the breakage.

If you have any more questions I can try my best to help you. ❤️"
Pasuma,by9ycx,"Parted Afro?&&&I want to try and part my TWA. Its shorter on one side of my head and the photos ive seen of people with parts are pretty nice looking. 

How do I do it and make it look good?"
that1depressedbitch,by9ycx,"I would part it before styling while washing. Then, finger detangle/ comb each side to the direction you would like when you add styling products. Hope this helps."
MisSinterpreter123,by2niq,"That's a major texture change. I would get a check up just to be sure everything is okay. Sometimes it can be a sign of underlying issues. Hopefully, it's nothing major."
Pizzasuccubus,by2niq,It’s def the last culprit that your mom suggested. I thought i was 4c until i learned how to properly moisturize and define my curls.
UnderSomeRock,by2niq,"While those are all possible, it doesn’t hurt to go to the doctors for a full blood work up. Something like an iron deficiency can also cause hair changes. (Although that usually also comes up with other symptoms as well).

Also, do you do any treatments that could potentially loosen your curl pattern such as henna?"
nicestshawtyalive,by2niq,i second that. i thought i had 4c hair until i started moisturizing and defining. then i realized it's more 3c/4a
saucetheauxx,by2niq,"MAJOR hair texture change?&&&So my mom pointed out that my hair texture has went from a 4b to a 3b in the last 5 years.

I honestly cannot think of any reason why this would happen? I have never had a relaxer or a texturizer & I have only straightened my hair about 10 times(?) in my 17 years of life. I know the straightening isnt a culprit because they aren’t like heat damage curls, it’s extremely healthy hair, just a completely different texture. The only people who do my hair are my aunt, who is a hair dresser, and my cousin who does weaves, so I know no chemical has been snuck into my hair, especially since they always style it dry or even at my own house.

The main culprits Im thinking:
- I take biotin supplements
- Im still young and my hormones changed it ?
- I slick back my hair a lot
- my mom suggested: my hair has probably always been this texture and we just never knew how to properly moisturize & care for it


what do you guys think? i am so puzzled.&&&hmmm, i’ll look into. 

nope, haven’t done any treatments. I rarely even get my hair done, im usually the main one doing it."
lareice,bxyxpq,After Swimming Pool [Hair Care For Boys] With [Kinky Waist Length Hair]&&&
melanated_beautyy,bxyu87,Hey guys check out my newest YouTube video! Comment and let me know what you think. Subscribe to my channel I’ll be posting another video next week 😁&&&
CoffeeB4Talkie,bxxnmo,Not necessarily.
Curlzonfleek,bxxnmo,"I think it’s most important to deep condition weekly. 
Daily I’d say create a refresher that you can use that includes leave in, water, oils. To refresh your curls and add hydration."
Dahliacid,bxxnmo,I use it every other day or if my hair feels a lil dry
UnderSomeRock,bxxnmo,"Depends. Are you wearing your hair out in a wash n go, twist out, or braid out? Or are you wearing your hair in a protective style?

When I wear wash n gos, I typically apply a leave in conditioner every day or every other day, depending on how my hair is feeling."
manofsteel1234,bxxnmo,Leave in conditioner question&&&Am I suppose to put leave in conditioner everyday?
namasteplantbased,bxxnmo,"Only if your hair feels dry, and if so that may mean it's time to focus on sealing in the moisture with a light oil, cream, or butter."
TlRAMISU,bxwuso,"Ya girl has questions&&&I’m thinking about doing individual crochet havana twist or individual crochet box braids... I’m hard put to pick one over the other because I feel like the box braids would be cuter, but heavier as well, and that it would take forever because they aren’t large. But they are like 20 inches. I don’t know how much damage that would do as I’ve only done crochet styles on cornrows. (Tension wise)

For the twists, I feel like it would be less cute because they are like 12 inches or something and they aren’t as neat because I’ve reused them already. But it would be faster because they are bigger. 

Advice on which to choose would be welcome!

MY REAL QUESTION IS THIS: has anyone tried or seen anyone washing individual crochet styles?? I only see ladies washing cornrowed crochet styles or else individual box braids that aren’t crochet. I’m wondering if they will hold up or what happens to the braid that’s weaved into the extension etc. I’m literally wondering about all of it. Ya girl needs the tea. 
I’m 4c btw.

Also, what do you do to get your hair ready for the style? When you wash and condition, do you dry it after? Like blow it out? I saw a girl on YT braid her individual braids on hair she dampened with a spray bottle. She didn’t blow it out or anything. And I don’t have wax. I have Jam as well as gorilla snot and I don’t know which, if either, I should use. Or what to do to avoid that gunky build up that will happen if I use jam (happened last time on my cornrowed crochet. )
It’s like... HAVE to use product to get it to look right but then that betrays you because you’ll have nasty build-up. 

;-;&&&They really are t that bad, haha. And especially since I’m pretty sure I’ll use less with individual crochet, I can choose the best of those. They just aren’t brand new. And I feel like the length is awkward because I’m used to the super long ones. 
Seems like you vote the twists though! I wouldn’t have saved them if they were awful 😆 
I’m going with the twists. At this point, I just hope that the product I’m using to braid my hair works well. I’ve never used it for braiding- it had waxes in it, which I’m hoping will result in less build up than say- my Jam in the closet 🤣&&&I ended up doing the twists. The install took a total of 18 hours. 12 the first day, and the rest the next. I have done a scalp refreshing spray where you rub off the residuals with a cotton pad or towel. Super refreshing. Like seriously, that spray is a godsend. I’m about ready for another refresh, really. I think once I feel like the spray is null, I will go for trying to wash it. So if it goes horribly I’ll be ready to take it down. 

Thanks for responding, btw~ 💕&&&And I think I’ve seen a few of Jazz’s videos!
Also, I like your humor, haha~&&&I want to try the box braids next time but I’m not sure it’s possible as an individual crochet style. I didn’t get the jumbo ones 😭"
brainsweeties,bxwuso,"I think washing just your scalp is the best way to cut down on buildup. You could tie the twists out of the way so they don't get as wet and cause less tension on your real hair, and just focus your shampoo and scrubbing directly on the scalp. Rinsing just...try to be careful LOL. Washing at the sink might work better than the shower. Ofc if you want your hair to last as long as possible, try other things like witch hazel and stuff before shampooing since reused hair will lose its shape faster. But the messy look can be a lewk if you do it right. As long as the install is secure, the style should hold up when washed.

Jazz Nicole on Youtube has a bunch of really good videos on individual crochets, she has the best install style I've ever seen and I'm sure she talks about tension, washing, and stuff especially in her FAQs videos. I *think* she has a perm in her more recent videos though, but before that she would just blow dry her hair (she's 4c).

I've never done my own individuals since I can't braid or add hair for shit, and I've also never had individual crochets, so please take this with a grain of salt lol. Sorry I can't be of more assistance and that this is so late but I hope this helps a little!"
chameleoninvasion,bxwuso,I recommend you do the box braids because they’re a lot lighter than you think and more secure! If you need tips on installation you can DM me. :)&&&It is totally possible! (dm me so I can send a pic)
dyam,bxwuso,Just buy new twists lol
Eleanorrigbeee,bxt4gw,One of my relatives' hair went straight. I wouldn't have believed it if I hadn't watched it happen. I'm hoping it doesn't happen to mine.
UnderSomeRock,bxt4gw,"It doesn’t hurt to go to the doctors for a full blood work up. Something like an iron deficiency can also cause hair changes. (Although that usually also comes up with other symptoms as well).

Otherwise, depending on the products you use, and how much you use, they could be weighing down your hair. 

Also, do you do any treatments that could potentially loosen your curl pattern such as henna?"
UniquelyElle97,bxt4gw,"Yeah I just did a big chop a couple months ago after transitioning out for about a year. Last time I was natural I was a child and my mom complained about my hair being tangled and hard to deal with, but since I’ve been working with it, it hasn’t given me serious issues at all. At the same time, I think it’s really because she used to detangle DRY soooo that was probably the issue then. I don’t remember how kinky it was but I don’t remember these cute behind coils I have now lol 🤷🏾‍♀️"
WilmaVilma,bxt4gw,"Curl pattern changing drastically? Anyone else?&&&Growing up my hair was very very kinky. Probably type 4c. It was very difficult to manage because it was huge (went to my hips when straightened) and every wash day was tears and pain lmao. I got pretty good at managing it though. 

For the past 5 years or so, probably since I hit puberty my hair texture has changed so so much, but all gradually. Now my hair is probably around 3b, and although it’s easier,  it’s also harder to manage now as it’s so different from what it was. It looks kind stupid cause the roots are almost flat/big waves,and my tips are maybe 4a. 

I was wondering if this has happened to any of you? What did you do? How did you deal with it?&&&Good lord.. If that happened to me I feel like I would lose like half my visual identity :/ My condolences !&&&I just cut off about 8 inches ! But it’s only gotten straighter from it so idk what to do ! I’m just gonna pray and leave it to Jesus ! And maybe check out that olaplex lmao&&&Good lord? Detangling dry? May I ask if your mother is white? 😂&&&Idk tbh ive had the exact same routine down to the products forever (just whatever my mum buys) so idk if that’s the cause. I don’t straighten it as much anymore though (went from monthly to maybe quarterly) so maybe that could play a part?"
curlycatsockthing,bxt4gw,detangling dry 😭😭😭😭
irisflowers13,bxt4gw,"This is very common. I feel like the same thing happened to me to be honest. If your hair is long, it may be that the weight of it is causing your curl pattern to change. A haircut would help if that's the case. If the change was caused by hormones in your body, I don't think that there's much you can do.  Although I have heard a few people say that after getting an Olaplex treatment at the salon, [their curls were a bit tighter than before](https://www.maneobjective.com/2016/09/does-olaplex-work-on-natural-curly-hair.html). I wish you luck!"
leeleep93,bxt4gw,Curl patterns can change. You ssid you hit puberty so that's probably why. A shift in hormone levels
stealthpursesnatch,bxt4gw,It’s unlikely that your hair went from 4c to 3b. Your hair is probably just getting proper moisture and conditioning so that it isn’t dried out.
tallulahbelly14,bxt4gw,"I also feel like my hair is much easier to look after than it was as a child. 

I remember the tears and trauma every Sunday afternoon when we would wash and braid my hair - it felt like my mother was ripping chunks out of my scalp. Many combs were broken in my hair as she tried to comb it into submission. Then there was the overpowering smell of the harsh products we used for what we thought was dandruff - I would smell of menthol and sulphur for days. 

Thirty years later, detangling is a breeze and I rarely have knots at all. I also don’t have any hint of a dry scalp. My mother has pointed out that I have a looser curl pattern and what she calls “better-behaved” hair than I ever did as a child. 

In my case I’m 90% sure that there’s been no change to my hair, it’s just that we now have access to better products and knowledge of how to look after natural hair.

I almost wish I could go back in time and save us both from having to go through that, however that would mean reliving my teen years and I have no desire to do that!"
hairmistress,bxsomj,FINGER COILS / STYLES FOR SHORT NATURAL HAIR&&&
Thanos_go_sicko_mode,bxlvhy,"Tried my first twist up yesterday, any advice to prevent it from looking like a tumbleweed?😂&&&"
LovingJ97,bxirfw,"Has anyone used curly clip ins?&&&Has anyone used naturally curly clip-ins? Is it worth it? I’ve been going natural for about 3 months now and have never been natural before. I went to a devacurl salon and the stylist was telling me that I should refrain from using weaves or braids and taught me all of the cgm techniques that I have been following religiously and it actually worked. My hair doesn’t look nearly as damaged as before, it’s becoming beautifully textured and so easy to maintain but my hair is still damaged and short and just not where I want it to be (as I can expect because it hasn’t been that long). I’ve been battling with the insecurities of it all and I just can’t tell if my hair actually looks okay and I’m just trippin or if I really should look into something to cover it up while it transitions. I don’t really want to wear any types of fake hair, that’s what i originally wanted and don’t really want to spend the money on it anyway but feeling this insecure is exhausting so if anyone has experience with clipins or any advice on what to do to get out of this hair funk please let me know!"
WeSleepAlone,bxirfw,Betterlength 4c clip ins are legit and you only need one pack
justswimfree,bxirfw,I got some from kinky curly yaki. I got them on sale and I like them but wouldn’t say you need them. I’ve honestly worn them like 2 times because you have to make sure to blend your hair with it and to be honest I don’t have time for that.
mani_mani,bxirfw,"It sounds like you need to get used to your hair in the state that it’s in. It’s hard to be comfortable with natural hair especially if your natural hair is short or ranges in the 4 range. But that’s what is growing out of your head, embrace it."
