index,id,comments
Miagrey404,dedsqj,MY NATURAL HAIR ROUTINE 💖&&&
DaisyDej,deaj62,I have the same issue and I don’t know if my hair is just too short for the pineapple to be effective or what.
HeyItsKimberlee,deaj62,"You could also make big sections and loosely wind the hair and pin it. Then, add your scarf or bonnet."
JDnice804,deaj62,"I can’t pineapple to save my life. I usually have my hair in a twist out. At night, I’ll just tie a scarf around it and fluff it with a little water and oil or leave in when I get up."
Lovelynell4,deaj62,"I know exactly what you mean. I do the same. It’s like a big old broccoli floret kinda and allows your hair to be up for the night, but not constricted that it will take on shape you have to unshape."
PunkGF,deaj62,"Instead of pineapple-ing, I turn my head upside down, so all my hair falls forward and tie my scarf on like that. So my hair is hanging out at the top as if it’s in a pineapple, but I don’t get any of the creases or other issues. I have 4a hair up top and 3b hair at the bottom and it worked to keep the 3b hair from stretching and the 4a hair from shrinking. 

In the morning I would just take my scarf off and let my hair fall on its own as I walked around doing morning stuff. Never had to put my hands back in my hair/use oils or water etc.

Visual: remember the uncle from proud family? That’s how my scarf looked after tying my hair at night. 

Hope this helps."
Saturnaliia,deaj62,"Alternative to pineapple-ing every night&&&Hey all, I'm looking for something different to do every night rather than putting my hair in a pineapple. 
I have a satin pillowcase, and what I will do is pineapple my hair then use a silk scarf and tie that around my head since my hair at the nape of my neck and a little higher is cut a bit shorter and doesn't even come close to making it to the scrunchie. Then I'll put a bonnet over top. 

I don't think the pineapple is working for me, though. Idk if my hair is just thick or what, but once I take the scrunchie out, my hair just stays where it was on top of my head. I have to rewet it every day and comb it out to get it looking normal again. 

I've read that some of you guys can just get up, take your night time stuff out, and go without rewetting... I wish. Does anyone have a similar issue with pineapple-ing and found a better solution?"
lwashin7,deaj62,You can try mini pineapples or banding. Section your hair into as many ponytails as you want without messing up your curls and wrap scrunchies down the section. Banding will stretch your hair but mini pineapples won’t.
whoisgalgadot,deaj62,"I was having the same exact issue when I got my hair (3B/3C) cut and my bottom layers wouldn’t make it to my scrunchie. 

I started pulling the hair into the pony at the very tip of my forehead, my hair literally hangs over my face and I look like prince. I also noticed it helped to use the ponytail holders that look like telephone cords, they don’t squeeze my hair as tight. 

I then Bobby pin the shorter layers, when I wake up I use a little oil and slowly massage my hair, the oil helps loosen up the curls and then I’ll just re-wet a little and brush my edges.

I hope that helps, I know it can be a pain to constantly refresh every morning"
CoffeeB4Talkie,de5d2l,"I like The Mane Choice products. I also like Kinky Curly Knot Today for detangling and Kinky Curly Come Clean shampoo.

I just recently fell in love with Miche Beauty.

I also recommend deep conditioning. Not sure if she does that already, since it's not mentioned in the post... but I NEVER skip deep conditioning. 

Knowing her hair porosity will help. Does her hair like/need protein?"
RubenesqueGoddess,de5d2l,"I have low porosity 3c/4a hair. It's fine-ish and medium density. I've been natural for 5.5 years. I lowkey want to big chop every wash day lol.

I've recently had success using Pantene Gold's Detangling Milk as my leave-in. Butters and Creams give me a lot of build-up, but I do use the Cantu coconut curling cream, and it brings out my curls. This past summer, I've used the Pantene Gold Sulfate-free Shampoo and Moisture Conditioner, and I like it.  If I need to stretch or manipulate my hair after it's styled, I cover my hands with Grape Seed Oil and/or the detangling milk, which also brings out my curls. 

If I have an old wash n go or twist out, sometimes I'll do a ""dry n go"" (look it up on YouTube) and give my hair volume through that.  Kimberly Cherrell and Halfrican Beaute are two YouTubers that have low porosity hair that have helped me through this summer."
whatsittoya2,de5d2l,"Trying to help my sister out&&&My sister is thinking of doing the big choppa to her hair because it's stressing her out on how flat it is. I've shown her the type of hair some on the community info and we both agree that she has a 3c/4a type of hair. Does anyone have recommendations for shampoo, conditioner and general maintenance for this type or at least point us in the right direction?&&&I've just asked her and she says yeah her hair always needs protein, I'll have to send her the article on protein from the community info when she gets off work. She states that she always deep conditions."
femiireigning,de49yt,"Finger coils are a good way to get your curls popping, especially if it's of a short length&&&&&&Oh? I personally prefer this to twisting. Only on short hair though"
selinasbigsorrow,de49yt,They look cute! But I have no patience for these kinds of style lol. By the fifth one I'm thinking about just twisting it
cslrc,de165p,[x-post] BlackCurlMagic/Wash Your Damn Hair book&&&
hey_effie_hey,de165p,I follow them on Instagram. Also I go to a stylist who follows similar guidelines. I want to get the book eventually.
CaptDeliciousPants,ddxf8u,Carol’s Daughter black vanilla leave in spray is a must-have.
ContraMia,ddxf8u,"Question on behalf of my partner: product recommendations for medium to high porosity 4C hair?&&&My partner and I live in a pretty arid climate. We have relatively hard water, too. This is the first time he has grown out his hair since he has left his humid climate back home, and his hair is painfully dry. His curls have no definition, and it seems like anything he tries on his hair just gets sucked up within a few minutes.
His hair has become a pretty big part of his identity, and I can tell it’s making him really sad seeing it just sort of feel like straw day in and day out. I’ve been trying to look into different products for him to try, but I get pretty overwhelmed by all the options and everyone giving such contradictory advice on what to use or not use. All we know is that he would like to stay compliant with the curly girl method.
Would y’all be able to recommend any products that have worked for you for him to try?
Editing to add that after seeing a thread here, if any of y’all go the dry route, how do you do it and make your hair still feel healthy?
Thanks so much for any help on this. I really appreciate it.&&&I am still pretty new to Reddit and sort of forgot it existed for a minute😅. I wanted to say thank you! This was incredibly helpful. I know you make your own hair cream, but are there any products in particular you would recommend for people like me who aren’t fancy enough to have those cool making skills yet?
I’m buying all of this for my partner right now. Thank you, again!"
empathalogist,ddxf8u,"Deep condition, deep condition, deep condition!

So there's a bit of troubleshooting when my hair feels particularly dry. My hair either needs a clarifying shampoo or a protein treatment. The deep conditioning part isn't always a one time solution but you see results after a few weeks.

After washing LOC, my liquid is usually water or a leave in, oil is black Jamaican castor oil and a thickkk hair cream(Creme of Nature Moisture & Shine Curl Activator Creme) works best for me."
gapsnglasses,ddxf8u,"I recently switched from Shea Moisture Jamaican Black Castor Line to Mielle organics pomegranate and honey shampoo, conditioner and leave in conditioner for my type 4 hair.( Shea moisture was amazing for my hair and really helped keep it healthy but I used them for years and decided to try something different)I have different curl patterns in my hair but they are all type 4 and my hair is high porosity with medium density.  When I do the LOC method, I use the pomegranate and honey leave in conditioner then I use avocado oil (very moisturizing  oil and my hair loves it) then I use a mango butter hair cream that I made then I seal with Jamaican Black Castor oil and and my hair usually stays moisturized for the week.  I hope this was helpful! ☺️"
TrendingB0T,ddwdsp,/r/naturalhair hit 20k subscribers yesterday&&&
WasabiIntrovert,ddhj4a,"For a heatless blown out look, I use Leave In Conditioner then do four twists or Plaits and air dry overnight. I brush it out the next day. 

My weekly wash day regimen starts with a prepoo for 30 minutes with warm grape seed oil. I shampoo in sections. Deep condition and detangle, then sit under the dryer or hair steamer. Rinse and T-shirt dry my hair. Apply cream leave in conditioner, cream styler and oil (gel if I’m doing a wash n go). Air dry."
ellolique,ddhj4a,"low porosity babe seeks help&&&hey any of my babes in here low porosity??

trying to figure out how to stretch my curls!

also whats your wash day routine?&&&Ok I’m gonna. Entire on this journey and try. 

My hair isn’t growing and I’m sick of spending money on products"
withsprinkleszz,ddhj4a,"Low porosity here!
I stretch weekly after washing using a blow dryer on warm/cold setting.

Wash day routine is as follows: spray in aloe vera juice and coat in oil (I use my own blend but it’s mostly avocado oil with a bit of JBO and coconut oil), leave overnight. The following morning shampoo roots, condition shaft to ends using regular shampoo/conditioner. Rinse. Deep condition under a heat cap for 30 min. Usually I add a protein serum or henna gloss to a moisturizing deep conditioner. Rinse with cold water.
Dry with a tshirt. Apply leave in conditioner and heat protectant spray. Blow dry on cold.

Sorry if that formatting is ugly! Lmk if you have more questions"
folabeth,ddglwy,Sounds like splits ends to me. Getting your hair trimmed should help.
nicenightnare,ddglwy,"How to get rid of small knots on 3c/4a hair?&&&My hair grows really quickly, but  I have a tendency to have microknots. I get them at the ends and on a strand of hair(making the really tiny knot hard to get rid of.). Is there a way to lessen the chance of these knots appearing in my hair?

Any suggestions would be greatly appreciated, thanks.&&&yep, I actually didn't know the name, thank you for telling me. I'll try doing that thanks!&&&I trimmed my ends before I started the semester again, and it did help alot. I was getting more knots before that(I had not trimmed my hair in three years.)"
queensnotmemes,ddglwy,"I just cut them out if I see one but the internet says braids and twists help

Edit: I think you’re talking about fairy knots or single strand knots if you wanna look it up on google or YouTube :)"
Brinaken,ddegp7,Your hair looks great. I'm still waiting to decide when I'm going to wear my natural hair out because I've been doing protective styles (crochet braids).
CoffeeB4Talkie,ddegp7,Beautiful! :)
PenguinTeapot,ddegp7,"So happy I went natural 😊&&&&&&Routine: Cowash/finger detangle in sections with Innersense Color Radiance conditioner. I left most of the conditioner in and finished by raking through my sections with Innersense I Create Hold gel. Squeeze out excess water with a cotton T-shirt and air dry. Refresh in the morning with a spray bottle filled with conditioner and water.

Thank you!"
UniquelyElle97,ddegp7,Gorgeous ❤️
WtfWhistle,ddegp7,Queen of definition. Mother of curls.
fivefivew_browneyes,ddegp7,Beautiful 😍😍😍
gamesofhomespod,ddegp7,You should also post this to r/curlyhair \- I'm sure the folks in there would love to know your routine.
iluvwater40,ddegp7,Cute!!! And yes to figs scrubs!!
phoebelunalove,ddegp7,Beautiful curls! I would be happy too.
waitwert,ddegp7,What’s your routine ? Stunning hair !
0719530,dd8yrz,Enjoy it that's all about African hairs😂
dhoae,dd8yrz,What do I do about straight strands of hair sticking out of Afro?&&&My hair is really coiled. If I took a strand and stretched it out it’s about 3 times longer than normal. Where that becomes a problem is that I also have many strands that are almost completely straight and so they stick way out from the rest of my hair. Is there anything i can do for that?
