index,id,comments
BadMouthBarbie,afprfi,"Also, make sure that you are clarifying all of that product build up when you wash. Sometimes we don’t get all of the product out and moisture isn’t allowed to fully penetrate your hair.

Some tricks I use to clarify are:
-spritzing with apple cider vinegar 20 minutes before a wash 
Or
-using a clay mask to absorb every extra bit of product buildup before washing 
"
Freebeing001,afprfi,Great explanation of the method. Helped me. Thanks!
NebraZebra,afprfi,"For starters, you shouldn't be combing your hair with a rat tail comb. You should use a wide tooth comb and comb through while your hair has rained out conditioner in it.

To make your hair moisturized, you could try using the LOC or LCO method. This is where you use a liquid (like water or aloe vera juice) or liquid based leave-in; an oil, then a cream, which is a heavier moisturizer, like Shea butter or TGIN Butter Cream.

An example of products to use for the LCO method is dampening your hair with water (L), then applying a leave in(C), then sealing your hair with an oil or butter (O)."
_BoringVolume,afprfi,"dry hair no matter the amount&&&I've been  natural for a while and I've started to  really get into natural hair. the only thing is that my hair gets very dry easily. I'm not sure what curl pattern I have, or what kind of porosity I have. I've used  about three different products in the past year or two.  I first started with Shea moisture moisturizer (not really sure what kind it was)  and with these i used water. the second one i used was Camille rose's  moisture milk and that didn't work either. I've started using mielle avocado milk and I've tried absolutely drenching my hair and putting product in by coming it with a rat tail comb and putting tons of product in the small sections.  If i don't figure this out I'm going back to a texurizer :( 

Advise or product recommendations welcome!&&&I  don’t use anything to seal  moisture with. What kind of stuff should i use to keep it in?"
_CoachMcGuirk,afprfi,what are you sealing in the moisture with?
carmieeee,afprfi,A rat tail comb should not be used to detangle natural hair. Ever. 
floralsparkk,afprfi,"Start weekly deep conditioning with heat and Bi weekly protein treatments. Find a good moisturizer, seal it in w oil and braid it down under wigs for a while "
ghoulfacedsaint,afprfi,"I had a similar problem for a very long time. No matter what I used my hair was chronically dry. I then realized I have low porosity hair and I was putting far too much protein in it. I cut out all products that were high in protein and started using more moisturizing styling creams. My hair is finally soft and healthy. 

I highly suggest doing some research about your hair (texture and porosity). Everyone’s hair is different. You won’t be able to get anywhere if you don’t know what you’re working with."
sqoorelfreend,afprfi,">  I'm not sure what curl pattern I have, or what kind of porosity I have 

you should probably figure that out, especially your porosity, its v important when moisturizing your hair. 

> coming it with a rat tail comb  

like someone else said you should be using a wide tooth comb or denman brush 

> If i don't figure this out I'm going back to a texurizer 

no offense but I feel like you haven't rly tried that much to just give up, you don't even know what porosity your hair is. you have a lot to figure out IMO "
GiantMeteor2017,aff61w,"No, trimming your locs will not help them grow. Trimming your hair has no effect on hair *growth* in particular. While trimming can help with the overall look and health of your hair because you are removing split ends, locs are a different matter all together. This is because as locs grow and you twist them, the hair that is normally shed is kept within the loc, so any split ends are literally loc'd in, trimming won't make a difference. 

I say this as a person who had locs for almost 10 years. "
UnsatisfiableStar,aff61w,I found that out the hard way!
solexchnage96,aff61w,Trimming my locs&&&I am told that trimming my locs who help them grow but to me it doesn’t makes sense to cut your hair if you want it to grow. Will trimming my ends really help my locs grow cuz I feel like they haven’t  grown like they should be and if it goes help how often should I trim?
stella2255,aff61w,Eat more protein 
ARenee123,afcwrq,"It’s not abnormal to have different textures in your hair, like the front of my hair is pretty 3c but the back of my hair is like 4a/b it’s happens to a lot of people :) "
Ace_Turnip,afcwrq,"Yes, I have the same issue with my crown, except it's a looser texture. Then I found out I was very low iron so I'm currently on supplements and expect to see healthier hair growth in about six months or so. If you haven't done so already, go for blood testing... sometimes our issues with excessive breakage or shedding might just be internal. "
Longlegsdontcare,afcwrq,"Different Texture at the crown?&&&Most of my hair is about 3C, but the crown of my hair is probably a 4b(?) or maybe a 4a but *very kinky* with a rough undefined curl.  By kinky I mean it has almost sharp bumps along the hair every quarter inch or so.  There is no curl, but It is more like a ripple that is also kinky between the ripples, and brittle. 



I have been growing my hair out and needing to baby my crown along.  I also suspect it kept me from growing it out in the past because I would chop my hair to be even with the short brittle crown pieces, thinking it was a sign of over-all health. 

Does anyone else have this massively different texture at their crown, and just accept having short whispy crown pieces? I am thinking that is what I need to do because babying it is time consuming. &&&Yep! I didn’t mention it but my hair is really loose in the lower back “underneath” section too , basically right below the crown it goes from 4b-crown 3b-down to the nape 🤷🏽‍♀️&&&Thanks.  I haven’t tried this yet, maybe I will!&&&Thanks, yep that makes sense, unfortunately(Well just unfortunate that it remains a mystery for me)... my iron levels have always been good.  I even take the super pricey organic “real food” vitamins."
floralsparkk,afcwrq,My hair was like that. I started applying deep condition to my roots like a relaxer and using heat for 15 mins or more. Took almost a year to get my hair to match 
lazycupcakee,afcwrq,"My hair is similar. I have 3c/very loose 4a hair that falls over my eyes, but my crown is a tight 4b texture. The rest of my hair is 4a. "
originalsoul,afcwrq,Mines the opposite. The crown is where my hair is loosest.
pygmy_puf_86,afcwrq,"Haha you just described my hair to a T! The crown breaks easily, has the most single strand knots, and almost entirely lacks curl definition. Every day is a struggle LOL. "
queenofeeveerything,afcwrq,Yes my hair is similar. My crown has a very tight kinky texture 4B where the front and underneath part of my head is looser 4a/3c
realnyahours,afcwrq,yeah me too. my crown is 3c while the rest of my hair is 3b. i could never understand why either. 
sdjm815,afcwrq,"I’m not sure about a diff curl type but the hair at my crown is naturally a bit harder to deal with.  It’s more resistant to products, drier, and sometimes harder to comb. I usually will put a protein treatment focused on the crown  and put it in a Bantu knot while putting deep conditioner on the rest of my hair. I’ve found that treating them like two separate pieces has helped overall. "
AsterSapphire,af9f5w,I'm 4c so what I've been doing is braiding my hair down every night and wearing it in a side part. A bit time consuming but I'm loving the results!
Sapphir39,af9f5w,"You can try scarf wraps...easy esp when you don't wanna touch your hair.

High and low buns...all you have to do is touch up ur edges and fly aways in the mornings

Frohawks...

Large sectioned perm rods&&&U can also do your double braids wear them for a week...then unbraid them and wear tgat out for another week...two weeks worth of a hairstyle "
moodymelanist,af9f5w,"I like to do half up half down styles or I’ll just wear my hair down. I have 3c/4A hair that I’ve been working hard to get healthy so those are my go tos! I want to try doing high buns to see how they’ll look too. 

I also like to section my hair into 6 and doing braids or twists after i shower at night. I’ll take them out the next morning while my hair is still damp as a low effort type of twist or braid out. You can leave them in for longer as a protective style as well if you want to do that! "
rossablue,af9f5w,My low effort style is a wash and go. Everything else takes too long for me. 
woodchuckcoodchuck,af9f5w,"Low-effort style ideas?&&&Hello everyone, I’m looking for ideas on styles I can do that don’t take a lot of time or effort. Yes, I’m lazy lol it’s pretty hard for me to find motivation to spend more than like 30 min to an hour on any hair style. Currently I just kinda rotate between ponytails, two braids, or some combination of braids into a ponytail. My hair goes about down to my shoulders without being stretched.

Thanks in advance for any replies!&&&I’m always confused when people mention this as a go-to style because I only wash my hair every two weeks. So wouldn’t that mean I’m only able to do this style once every two weeks? Does everybody else just wash their hair more often than me or am I taking the name of the style too literally?&&&I always thought you’d have to do more than 6 braids or twists to get a good braid/twist out! I’ll have to try that, it seems a lot easier than other braid/twist outs i’ve seen.

Also, i’ve been wanting to try half up/half down styles but my hair ultimately just sticks up. Maybe if I try it with a bun it’ll be better 🤔 thanks for these suggestions!&&&Scarf wraps are a great idea and something I haven’t considered for! thanks "
RStarPhayDen,af2huu,"Progress!&&&I'm finally seeing it. My hair is no longer growing up! It's falling down on its own 😍 I've been on the natural train for 2 years now and this is a first. 

Right now I use very few products. 
Shea Moisture curl and shine shampoo. (Soon going to strengthen and grow) 
Cantu Leave in conditioner (soon to switch to Shea moisture hair smoothie)
Cantu twist and lock gel.
The only oil I apply to my hair is black castor oil. 
My only styling tools are a comb and brush. I haven't applied any heat whatsoever in these 2 years. Not even hot water. 

Are there any new products/styling tools I should use to promote more growth while keeping the progress I have going? "
SandwichClub_,af2huu,Maybe you can use a hair mask! I use one from the Lush called H'suan wen Hua
PoetryRaven,aeg7s8,"Hair mousse for wash n go&&&Can hair mousse be used for crunch free wash n go's?  Do they even last as long as gels?  Are they better than using a gel?  I've been seeing a lot of naturals use curling mousse for wash n go's and it seems to work nicely but I've only seen them on looser textures.  Do they work on type 4, because I've only seen type 4 hair naturals use mousse for twist outs, perm rod sets,  braid outs,  etc.  Rarely for wash n go's. If it does work,  any tips or recommendations?  And does it actually last days? 

I can get pretty good curl definition from gels but they cause a lot of build up for me.  I'm hoping a curling mousse can be a good alternative. &&&Have you tried any of Shea moisture mousses or ogx? I'm thinking about trying those also. &&&Yes!  I follow this stylist too but it seems like the mousse she uses is her own creation and has not released yet 😩.  Hopefully I can find another product to hold me over until hers comes out.&&&Thx for the tip,  any cheaper alternatives? "
coconutmillk,aeg7s8,the cantu whip is a pretty good wng mousse as well
lavasca,aeg7s8,"Yes, Mixxed chicks brand."
wildhuntressophelia,aeg7s8,"I found this stylist on Instagram that uses mouse for her wash and gos. I think I saw somewhere that she uses design essentials. 

https://instagram.com/stylesbylisa?utm_source=ig_profile_share&igshid=1003auwqs5r35"
Klashae88,aedzey,Hair Extensions: Quality OVER Quantity&&&[removed]
Omega_Tree,aed4aj,I don't have enough money to be addicted to protective styles. Though when I do I always wear my faux locs.
animousity692,aed4aj,"Addiction... to protective styles&&&Oh no. Ever since I started doing styles like senegalese twists and passion twists, I find myself not wanting to go back to my natural hair. I think about taking my style out when it starts getting raggedy and miss my hair, cause I want that freedom, but then I remember... these benefits--

\--Rolling out of bed without having to do anything to my hair, which saves countless hours and frustration

\--Getting tons of compliments from strangers

\--The feeling of having long hair on my shoulder's back. It's freezing here and I didn't realize how WARM long hair is

\--You know how you get used to dressing differently based on hair length? That too.

\--Better suited to my face shape

I mean, protective styles are also high maintenance in a whole other way. So how do you feel when transitioning from an ""easy"" protective style back to natural (i.e. hair ""out"")?

&#x200B;

&#x200B;&&&That’s usually exactly what I do in between, too! I’m also multi textured. I have found that mini twists can tangle my ends a bit &&&Oh me neither, I learned to do it myself. Only after I'm down I see the value of paying to have someone else do it... ha&&&I hear you. I actually took one out recently and forgot how freeing it felt to do so. We'll see how long the feeling lasts ;)"
himynameismaryjane,aed4aj,"I do love how little effort my box braids take (after I do them). However, after about two weeks I really miss my hair. I leave them in for a month and that last week is me forcing myself to keep them in lol "
n_kaye,aed4aj,"I’ve decided that 2019 is gonna be the year of protective styling. I did goddess locs in October and took them out in December. I was so surprised at how long my hair had gotten, and that my hair was still moisturized underneath. I think I’m gonna try to alternate between those and mini twists all year "
sdjm815,aed4aj,"I tried box braids for the first time in my life and while I liked the look, I couldn’t last 2 weeks. Not only did my head itch but I missed my hair. I’m a natural that does more wash and gos than she should so I am usually in hair everyday doing one thing or another. And to just be completely cut off from my hair made me so irritated and sad. 

Kudos to you though for being able to rock your protective style. "
sqoorelfreend,aed4aj,"I like my natural hair but I love the ease of protective styles. I literally have to start styling my hair the day before for the next day, where with protective styles I just wake up and go lmao. I'm thinking of doing braids until summer tbh."
wildhuntressophelia,aed4aj,"I love protective styles but I love my natural hair especially now that it's getting longer. It is a bit hard to manage since I have 3/4 different textures but in learning. What I do sometimes is I wear mini twists for a week (protect style) and then wear a twist out for the other week. 

It's really fun to switch it up with protective styles though because there a so many options. "
Jmods0812,ae95lq,OP said they cut it to deal with their psoriasis. 💁‍♀️
Sapphir39,ae95lq,"Okay so I'm not sure about it having the best chance of curling. But for great healthy hair. Your routine should generally look like this every week:
Wash with shampoo or cowash
Conditioner (optional)
Deep condition(moisturizing if your hair is very dry, protein if your seems brittle and weak)

Then style as you want:
Wash and gos
Twists
Braids etc.

As you get more into your regimen you can start adding rinses and teas:
I would recommend:
-black rinses for shedding
- apple cider vinegar once or twice a month for cuticles, and to ensure your hair is at the required pH
- clay rinses once or twice a month for cuticles, for pH, to kill bacteria, and overall hair and curls

FYI clay masks are great for your curls and curl pattern


&&&You're welcome 😁😁"
TSDTRT3i,ae95lq,"

>my hair was kind of curling before, but not really, the back barely curled and the front had a few strong curls but in general it was just afro hair.

I'm confused by this statement. Afro hair has a curl/coil pattern. Can you explain this?
"
_CoachMcGuirk,ae95lq,"You can't ""make"" your hair texture change by simply cutting it off at the shaft.

*extra word"
d6kcRhyypjwd,ae95lq,"just cut off my hair to better deal with my psoriasis, what should i do to make sure it grows out as curly as possible?&&&basically title, just looking for a routine i can start using once i've cleared up my scalp issues.

my hair was kind of curling before, but not really, the back barely curled and the front had a few strong curls but in general it was just afro hair.&&&i'm not asking that, i'm asking how to treat and look after my hair as it's growing so that it's as healthy as possible and has the best chance of curling. i know there's the ""curly girl method"" but i have no idea how to look after short hair.

the main goal of cutting my hair was to more easily deal with my psoriasis, but it can't hurt to know how to look after my curls once it's treated.&&&so it would be like a dry afro (like the girl in the sidebar), but some strands would be curly/wavy and sticking up (when dry). when wet the front would curl after brushing and conditioning, but the back would generally stay quite fluffy&&&wow, that's actually really useful thank you :)

&&&i'm saving this comment, ily thank you <3"
pygmy_puf_86,ae95lq,"You can’t really change your natural curl pattern, but you can enhance your natural curl by keeping your hair moisturized and healthy. Hair that is dry tends to be frizzier and less “defined.” 

Try deep conditioning regularly with quality deep conditioner. Also make sure you use a good leave in and “seal” with an oil or heavy cream like shea butter. You can use gel on top of your moisturizer to maintain the curly look for days. Also, avoid excessive heat styling. Hope that helps"
TSDTRT3i,ae2c9s,"

>I am thinking of maybe moving my wig cap further down on my forehead, past my edges, then laying the wig cap down with the glue (only spraying glue on my forehead).

This is what I do! I move and glue the cap about 1/4-1/2  an inch  below my hairline and cut off the seam part (like a bald cap. And then put on the wig and glue the lace down. And make sure you are properly taking off your lace wigs, use water to loosen up the got2b before taking off the wig. "
_CoachMcGuirk,ae2c9s,"Well Got2Be is hairspray or gel right? It's not literal glue. So that means theoretically it shouldn't damage your hair, but you have to practice proper usage. If you put gel/hairspray on your edges then lay a wig on them (isn't your wig supposed to be in front of your edges anyway?) and then lift the wig without actually removing the glue (with shampoo/soap/alcohol/whatever you're supposed to use to remove the glue) of course your edges are gonna be snatched out.

So my tips are to not glue your wig onto your actual edges, and release/remove the glue properly, no mid-day lifting or adjusting of the wig on the go.

*typo"
piscesdreamz,ae2c9s,"How are you ladies protecting edges while wearing wigs?!&&&Hello! I wore a wig today and sprayed my edges with Got2Be Glue to lay down my lace. I had to adjust my wig today a couple of times, which meant lifting the lace up and disrupting the glue on my edges. When I got home and took my wig off my edges were sore in some spots. I am worried that this will lead to thinned out/balding edges quickly. I am thinking of maybe moving my wig cap further down on my forehead, past my edges, then laying the wig cap down with the glue (only spraying glue on my forehead). However, the thought of using the glue more is not sitting right with me...nor my edges. I have looked into the wig grip velvet bands, but am also concerned that the friction from the band will cause thinning of the edges too. What’s a girl to do? 😩 

What do you ladies do to lay those wigs while protecting your edges?&&&Yes! Thank you, I will try this! "
yoozername123,ae2c9s,"I have one of those velvet bands, no thinning at all on my edges that I can notice and I've never noticed it catching or pulling on my hair when I've taken it off. Get one! It keeps my wig so. freakin. secure. 

Edit: I also don't use any sort of glue or tape to secure it. Just the velvet grip and the elastic band I have sewn on the wig. "
GiantMeteor2017,ae0sep,"This might sound odd, have you been stressed at all? 

When I was in grad school, there was a patch of hair at the back of my head that was falling out. To the point where when I went to get my hair done, the stylist asked if someone had cut out a patch of my hair. It was breaking st first, and then there was a smooth, bald spot there. It was horrifying. 

The hair did eventually grow back- with no significant changes to my routine. I can't recall how long it took though. 

I know it's odd that it might be localized to a certain spot, but I had no other explanation for my hair loss at that time, and stress can cause hair loss... Hope whatever the cause is benign and reversible. "
Swankface87,ae0sep,"A dermatologist might be able to help. My sister had a few odd spots in her hair that were suddenly breaking off, so she had to get 2-3 cortisone shots (in her scalp- ouch) to resolve the problem.  "
TSDTRT3i,ae0sep,Do you wear a bonnet to sleep or scarf?
Treading_roses,ae0sep,I had something similar and was diagnosed with alopecia. It grew back eventually!
blanekilla,ae0sep,Did your hair grow back stronger now ?
bradfordbb,ae0sep,"Why is the hair on the back of my head weak/breaking?&&&Hi all, my hair and I need help 🙏🏿. Starting in the summer, I noticed that the back 2/3 of my head (triangle/wedge-shaped area) was thinner and wouldn't hold a curl (I'm 4C). Then I noticed the hair itself was breaking and that there were \~3 dime-sized patches without hair. The rest of my hair is as full and healthy as normal. My hair in the back is usually coarser than the rest of my hair.

I saw my PCP (black naturalista) about it and she couldn't figure out the cause. I saw a hairstylist about it a month ago and she couldn't figure it out either. 

A similar thing happened to me 5 years ago and was unexplained at that time. Since then, my hair in the back (mostly nape, smaller area than this time) has been shorter than the rest of my hair, but it has tried to grow back.

&#x200B;

**Does anyone have any ideas as to what is causing this and how I can restore this area**? Thank you! 🙏🏿🙏🏿 

&#x200B;

Hair Routine (hasn't changed in the past year at least). I've been washing weekly since September. 

\-Wash: SM Manuka Honey & Mafura Oil Intensive Hydration Shampoo, SM JBCO Strengthen & Restore Masque

\-Style: Water + Aloe Vera Juice, SM JBCO Strengthen & Restore Leave-In, Castor Oil + Whipped Shea butter, and Eden Curl Defining Creme 

\-Bedtime: CVS satin scarf ([https://www.cvs.com/shop/donna-premium-collection-satin-scarf-11066-black-prodid-877128?skuid=877128](https://www.cvs.com/shop/donna-premium-collection-satin-scarf-11066-black-prodid-877128?skuid=877128))  + satin bonnet

\-I  wear a crown flat twist every day (like this - [https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/-aJNs9x9OQqU/VXebZ1I30JI/AAAAAAAAFUQ/IM9ugvP9dDI/s640/blogger-image--1634532205.jpg](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/-aJNs9x9OQqU/VXebZ1I30JI/AAAAAAAAFUQ/IM9ugvP9dDI/s640/blogger-image--1634532205.jpg)). I occasionally will wear two-strand twists. I secure the back with \~3 bobby pins. I might retwist/refresh once during the week.

In the past year, I've used heat three times (once by hairdresser). "
spicegrl1,ae0sep,"Stress is totally real. Good point.&&&My breakage was due to malnutrition. It seems unlikely in the US where everybody is fighting weight gain, but u can totally b overweight & malnourished. Log what u actually put in your mouth each day & compare against some searches on how many fruits/vegs u should have in a day. Also, check how much water u drink. 

On the flip side, u could b overdosing on some vitamins/minerals if u r taking supps. Read about which ones r stored in your body. I believe vit a is one that causes hair loss if u get too much of it. 

Nutrition is a delicate balance. Best wishes to u babe."
ChocolateGlamazon27,adw9q9,Sam's Beauty has every single black beauty line online 
King-of-the-Sky,adw9q9,I use Walmart and Amazon
PigmentedLady,adw9q9,Herbal store. I make my own products that best fits my hair.
curlgarden,adw9q9,"Where do y’all shop?&&&Where do y’all shop to get your natural hair products? Target, CVS, Beauty Supply Stores, in-line?I am trying to find that one place that has a wide variety of natural hair products. I am finding where I live it’s Target. &&&okay. are there certain brands that have better sales at cvs or Walgreens? &&&Thanks. Never heard of them. &&&Amazon sells mainstream brands? 😳"
himynameismaryjane,adw9q9,Beauty supply stores. Although I keep an eye out for sales at cvs and Walgreens. 
Khunte99,aduqpb,"Hair Product Recommendation&&&Hi, I turned natural 3-4 years ago and I didn’t feel like my hair was growing so I just cut it off and started at a TWA. Currently I am managing it better than I was before so that’s good. However, I’m finding it difficult to find products that will keep my hair moisturized throughout the day. So I currently do the LCO method because I have noticed my hair doesn’t feel dry doing this method. But, I have seem to run into dead ends when it comes to finding a leave in for my hair or even a conditioner. Currently I have high porosity hair so I will need something that can balance that. I have found though that my oils do pretty well with keeping my hair moisturized but I need the leave in and the conditioner to make sure all goes well. Also if there are any recommendations for other types of products including shampoo and or conditioner for the wash period they are welcome as well. "
curlgarden,aduqpb,"i have dealt with the same thing. 
a few weeks ago i had moistures hair that lasted 5 days. i was definitely hype. leave-in that I used then was the Earthborn Organics Avocado Leave-In followed up with The Curl Smiler and then sealed with Earthborn Organics Hair Oil. 

i am currently, rocking a twa and did the lco with the Mane Choice 4 leaf clover leave-in cream followed by the curl smiler butter sealed with Earthborn Organics Hair Oil. and may Hair is loving this combo as well. "
carmieeee,adrnxl,Mini twists 
curlgarden,adrnxl,"flexi-rod set, perm rod set"
hug_me_im_scared_,adrnxl,"Cheap low maintenance hair for Hi-PO high density type 4b/c hair&&&I want to wear my hair out but have no idea how to style it and also no skill in braiding

I'm completely uninterested in anything that requires a lot of maintenance/money/skill to do "
curlgarden,adivl5,"Any natural hair blog recommendations?&&&I watch YouTube, but I want to start learning a little more around natural hair. any recommendations on bloggers or websites. &&&thanks! "
empathalogist,adivl5,"Some of my faves are Nappyfu, TheChicNatural, nappyheadedjojoba and Greenbeauty. Nappyfu and Greenbeauty gives great advice based on what seems like factual, science based info. TheChicNatural no heat blow out technique helped my washday tonnss. Hope this helps! 
"
foxxa121,adivl5,"Curly Nikki is good, I was reading her blog YEARS ago!!"
