index,id,comments
CoffeeB4Talkie,d1lp05,Before.
Noirrevelations,d1lp05, Remember oil hates water so its important to save your oil treatments for either before you wash or after all your water based products. If used before you wash as a pre-poo (which is what I do) it protects the hair from breakage so that water cannot enter the hair cuticle too quickly.&&&Oil is also very good for sealing your cuticle as the final ingredient to lock in moisture in the cuticle because again water hates oil so the water will be forced to stay in your hair rather than come out to meet the oil on the outside of your strands. I seal my ends with castor oil at the end of my wash day routine.
Tbell2015,d1lp05,"Hot oil treatment/deep condition&&&Do you guys do hot oil treatments after washing your hair and then follow that up with a deep condition? Or do you do the hot oil treatment, wash hair, then deep condition?"
garias802,d1lp05,"I’ve stopped the hot oil treatments all together only because I find that if I give my hair the moisture it needs during the week, I don’t need to overcompensate on wash day. Additionally the hot oil treatments were making my wash day so much longer than it needed to be. . These days my wash day consists of simply sectioning my hair into 4, washing out any products with just water, then applying shampoo (once or twice on each section depending on how it feels) and then following up with a deep conditioner. I usually massage the deep conditioner, finger detangle and put a cap on. 10-15 minutes later I rinse and style as desired."
cococurlyflowers,d1l2bj,Follow me @cocobvisuals on Instagram&&&
dyam,d1l2bj,Rule 2: no promotion
pandekrah,d1irnx,Folks asked about my routine after I posted my hair. Here goes!&&&
hotwangsslap,d1ijsv,"If I flat iron my new growth and then use foam, will it undo/disrupt the straightening?&&&I use Nairobi foam btw. Would it undo the straightening from the iron or no?"
xmermaid165,d1ijsv,Yup
AyrieSain,d1em4e,That is very true! You have such beautiful hair. Would love to know your tips and tricks for maintaining such luscious locks :)
Lovelynell4,d1em4e,"Hair, skin, and beautiful teeth!  Is is wrong my first reaction to your photo was what skin care routine and teeth whitening routine do you have 😂"
Mynotredditaccount,d1em4e,"Gorgeous! Work that beautiful, hydrated and healthy hair 😍"
butterflybodyxo,d1em4e,"When we love our curls it shows!&&&&&&3a/3c 
Medium/corse
High density 
Low porosity&&&Thank you!! But honestly, I got on YouTube & Google and did research & just tried stuff for my specific hair type. I have dry hair believe it or not and this look was very hard to pull off. But the secret to this look was leaving in all my product including my conditioner. Once I find the list I made I’ll send it!"
femiireigning,d1em4e,You have a gorgeous smile ❤❤ And your hair...it's beauuuttifuuuulllll 😍😍😍
ittybittygyal,d1em4e,Glowing sis💕💕
mrlwg,d1em4e,Beautiful smile.
vahhGenie,d1em4e,What hair type are you??
JadedMis,d16r8s,A good conditioner will help your curls be more defined
OofMasta,d16r8s,"It's Blonde&&&&&&I do actually use conditioner, I just wanted to show off what it looks like naturally&&&Any help determining what type I got?&&&Thanks! Helps a ton.&&&What styles do y'all think would be best for my hair?"
PinkPickchuToy,d16r8s,my god. how can a humamn look so perfect
bdd4,d16r8s,Perty 😍
mcle0341,d16r8s,What products do you use?
thatsameawkwardgirl,d16r8s,3a/3b-ish in my opinion. :)
Fiorak,d15dmq,"Question(s) about detangling, protective styles, and etc&&&Hello, just had some questions about twists and detangling. When I usually detangle, I mostly just do the ends and slightly above them, but are you supposed to detangle all the way up to the roots? I usually finger detangle but I wasn't sure how far up I should detangle. Also the conditioner I use is advertised as either rinse out, leave in, or etc. It's Not Your Mother's Curl Talk, has anyone used it as a leave in before? I really want to but I don't want to waste it

And regarding twists, I can't do them to save my life. Youtube videos aren't helpful at all and I've had a few failed attempts. Does anyone know of any good alternatives to twists? Or maybe some really simple protective styles (not box braids, just had them)? I tried the banding method and it was okay I guess.

 But recently I just found out that I'm supposed to sleep with my hair in sections so that it doesn't tangle? Supposedly? Right now my hair is straightened (naturally) due to a bad trim-that-turned-into-a-haircut, but any advice is appreciated. Just hoping I can feel comfortable wearing my hair curly again soon&&&I've never thought about detangling before shampooing! I usually wet my hair and then shampoo and then condition + detangle. But as for the twists, I just can't ever get them to be close enough to the root, I think. My roots are practically straight due to relaxing when I was young, but other than that they just come out looking kind of unformed and awkward if that makes sense&&&I've been trying to use a denman brush for detangling but it's always so ineffective compared to fingers! I guess I'll give it another shot!

I haven't tried plaits! I can't braid either lol but I could try plaits. Due to the ""trim"" I can't even put my hair in a little bun/puff but I sleep with a bonnet on it at night. I don't really feel that sectioning it off at night is necessary but I might still try it

 This was generally what my hair looked like before the cut! [Hair Before ""Trim""](https://images-wixmp-ed30a86b8c4ca887773594c2.wixmp.com/f/43744172-aae8-4f0e-b9e5-a6b4aba9f279/ddfr2l2-30382813-11d4-4175-a512-152f76547fd3.jpg/v1/fill/w_800,h_1000,q_70,strp/mondayme_by_veiaa_ddfr2l2-pre.jpg?token=eyJ0eXAiOiJKV1QiLCJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiJ9.eyJzdWIiOiJ1cm46YXBwOjdlMGQxODg5ODIyNjQzNzNhNWYwZDQxNWVhMGQyNmUwIiwiaXNzIjoidXJuOmFwcDo3ZTBkMTg4OTgyMjY0MzczYTVmMGQ0MTVlYTBkMjZlMCIsIm9iaiI6W1t7ImhlaWdodCI6Ijw9MTMxMCIsInBhdGgiOiJcL2ZcLzQzNzQ0MTcyLWFhZTgtNGYwZS1iOWU1LWE2YjRhYmE5ZjI3OVwvZGRmcjJsMi0zMDM4MjgxMy0xMWQ0LTQxNzUtYTUxMi0xNTJmNzY1NDdmZDMuanBnIiwid2lkdGgiOiI8PTEwNDgifV1dLCJhdWQiOlsidXJuOnNlcnZpY2U6aW1hZ2Uub3BlcmF0aW9ucyJdfQ.x_KyHrD1V9PkwP-sXCuRps3NgAu9OJbCajW1u8UoanA) || [Hair After ""Trim""](https://images-wixmp-ed30a86b8c4ca887773594c2.wixmp.com/f/43744172-aae8-4f0e-b9e5-a6b4aba9f279/ddf8cwz-2d616a03-60bb-444d-b0a7-ae689df393bf.jpg/v1/fill/w_774,h_1032,q_70,strp/img_20190831_094254_01_by_veiaa_ddf8cwz-pre.jpg?token=eyJ0eXAiOiJKV1QiLCJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiJ9.eyJzdWIiOiJ1cm46YXBwOjdlMGQxODg5ODIyNjQzNzNhNWYwZDQxNWVhMGQyNmUwIiwiaXNzIjoidXJuOmFwcDo3ZTBkMTg4OTgyMjY0MzczYTVmMGQ0MTVlYTBkMjZlMCIsIm9iaiI6W1t7ImhlaWdodCI6Ijw9MTcwNyIsInBhdGgiOiJcL2ZcLzQzNzQ0MTcyLWFhZTgtNGYwZS1iOWU1LWE2YjRhYmE5ZjI3OVwvZGRmOGN3ei0yZDYxNmEwMy02MGJiLTQ0NGQtYjBhNy1hZTY4OWRmMzkzYmYuanBnIiwid2lkdGgiOiI8PTEyODAifV1dLCJhdWQiOlsidXJuOnNlcnZpY2U6aW1hZ2Uub3BlcmF0aW9ucyJdfQ.WolKYf0NleyBHJ-14dWKZBGNWbuX066Q8y6AsdIcZbk)"
JDnice804,d15dmq,"I’ll speak to the detangling...

I use a cheap detangler before I shampoo my hair. I coat the entire hair shaft and use a wide tooth comb to start at the end and go all the way up. I lose less hair this way and it makes styling easier. 

Twists typically are the easiest style. What’s going wrong with yours?"
ravenclawmaji,d15dmq,"I go section by section and apply it root to ends using my fingers and then comb it through with a tool. I make sure my hair is soaking wet before applying the gel so that it sets properly. It’s very awkward and messy but you’ll get the hang of it.

For twist outs/plaits, i make sure my hair is wet using a spray bottle and apply the cream (finger then tool) and foam (finger then tool). And then i twist making sure that it’s an even twist throughout; when I’m halfway through the twist/plait, I relax and don’t pull as much all the way to the end. When I get to the end, I twist the end around my finger so that it curls a little. 

My pleasure - I’ve been at this for 10 years. Don’t give up; keep learning your hair!&&&1) I detangle from the end to the roots. I finger detangle but think it’s very important to use a tool (I use the Felicia Leatherwood brush). I use Elucence conditioner which can also be a leave in but i always use it to detangle and rinse it out. 

2) have you tried plaits? Their braids but not to the scalp. I like that look sometimes. For twist outs, what’s helped me is to twist the ends around my fingers.

3) I don’t know your hair specifically, but there are a couple of different methods for hair at night. Depending on the length, you could pineapple it but placing all the curls at the top of your head, securing it with a hair tie loose, and using a silk scarf. I have dense, coarse, and tightly coiled hair so pineappling doesn’t work for me. I just be sure i have on a silk hair covering and then get up in the morning and do so fluffing. 

Hope this helps!"
RealKam_,d14f4g,"Add Hair Oil To Rubber Bands for Protective Style&&&Hiya! 

So, I was on Twitter and I saw this girl add hair oil to her rubber bands before putting the rubber band in her hair... she was doing a protective style and I cant remember the style for the life of me. 

I'm about to do the rubber band method and do some passion twist. 

I'm wondering if adding hair oil will help with decrease breakage, because rubber bands isn't something that's highly recommended to have in natural hair. 

Has anyone does this before? Does anyone have experience doing this? Does it work? Do you see a difference in your hair when you add hair oil to your rubber bands verses to when you don't add hair oil? 

I'm curious & thnx for responding.&&&Thanks so much for responding to my post! 

On a similar note, I was wondering what type of hair did you purchase and of you had any trouble getting the hair to twist.

I went to my local beauty supply store and I purchased the ""water wave"" I even saw other people on YT use water wave hair to install passion twist but I'm wondering there is a technique that I need to use help the process go smoother while twisting. I know that a hair gel/ edge control can help but is there anything else that I need to know to. 

Thnx again"
khephira,d14f4g,"I soaked my rubber bands in a little oil when I installed my passion twists a few months ago and I didn’t experienced any breakage. I liked soaking them in oil because it made them super easy to take out which I think would help reduce the chance for breakage. 

I put the rubber bands in a small bowl and squirted some oil over them and let them sit in the oil as I would apply them. The oil almost seemed to weaken the rubber bands and made them more stretchy, but they still had enough strength to do their job. I would loop them around my hair 3 times max and very gently pull on my hair if I need them closer to my scalp. 

When it came time to take them out, all I had to do is to cut the rubber band and then I slipped the hair right out. I didn’t see any hair in the rubber ands afterward, so I would definitely use that method again. I have pretty thick, longish (armpit/mid back length) hair and I find that as long as you are gentle and patient with your hair, you will definitely minimize breakage."
Reign_Boe,d0vniu,I agree
beteljuicceee,d0vniu,Looks more like a 4a pattern.
iamyiyaj,d0vniu,Im guessing 4a??
itsmiiesche,d0vniu,I reckon is something between 4a/b but I tend more to 4a
kurious-george,d0vniu,I have no idea what my curl type/pattern is? Any ideas?&&&
nicestshawtyalive,d0vniu,"Looks mostly 3c to me, maybe a very spirally, on the larger side of curl 4a."
PrettyHarmless,d0oiuz,I thing that estimate depends a lot on where you live and  your hair porosity? Are you high or low porosity? Also what's the weather like where you live? Dry and arid or hot and humid. Your routine will change depending on climate in your region and the local weather. You can also try using a spritz or mist bottle filled with water. You may also need to deep condition more regularly.
Zaylyn5355,d0oiuz,Maybe shampoo instead of cowash...all that product buildup won't wash off with a cowash&&&Do you sleep with a durag or something? Or get a silk pillowcase
keedorin,d0oiuz,"[Short 4c hair] Why does my hair get so dry and tangled after waking up?&&&Hi, I'm a male and just started to grow my hair out.  I'm currently 3 months in and have been using the LCO method to moisturize my hair and co-washing.  I just started college again, and recently when I do the method and go to sleep, I wake up with dry and tangled hair.  I almost have to rip my hair just to detangle it and it just feels completely dry as if I didn't moisturize, so I have to do the method over again.  I'm told that this is supposed to keep your hair moisturized for 2-3 days, and I don't really want to do too much to my hair to not harm it.  What am I doing wrong?&&&I slept with a bonnet and a silk pillowcase&&&I have high porosity hair and I live in Louisiana so it’s hot here.  I have deep conditioner but it doesn’t really seem to do anything for me.  I also have a spray mist bottle lol.  I use Mielle Babbusa and mint deep conditioner.  But I’ll try to see if doing it more often will keep it from being dry.  Honestly I think I should just switch to doing the routine in the morning."
lokitheestallion,d0oiuz,"If your hair is long enough to grip, after moisturizing try flat twisting it in sections before you go to sleep. Doesn’t have to be neat or in small sections"
nuncaazul,d0oiuz,"Yup, you will find your products work better when you clarify with shampoo every 3rd or 4th wash."
Sarah1777,d0lewg,Damn SAME!!! Literally just remembered from seeing your post.... \*facepalm\*
christieeeee_,d0lewg,"I prepared some rice water for fermentation last week. I just remembered I had it! It’s basically been fermenting for like 6 days. Do I have to throw it out?&&&&&&Welp! RIP to me lol&&&Lol oh no!!! I just topped it off with more water and put a lot of essential oils in it (10 drops of rosemary, lavender, and orange) And I store it in the fridge to slow down the fermentation process so I it doesn’t go bad."
willsketchforsheep,d0lewg,"I hope you threw it out!


https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Magnaporthe_grisea"
Bobadaddyforhire,d0b6q1,"Not sure if it'll help, but maybe try detangling in a different way like finger detangle or use a different tool. I say this because I used to use a Tangle Teezer and thought my amount of shed hair was normal until I just decided to try using a wide tooth comb one day and was shocked at the amount of shed hair I got. It was much less! I just got used to the amount I got with the Tangle Teezer that I never questioned if it was good for my hair until then."
RealKam_,d0b6q1,"I used to have this problem and I thought the same thing. However, I had to take a step back and think about my hair and what I wasn't doing.

I am not saying that you need or should all of these things but I think you should consider these options and do what's best for you and your hair. 

A) You need a trim 
You're combining through hair that is split and you're making it worst when you comb your hair by breaking it off. Giving yourself a trim is the best way to fix this problem. I understand your hair is chin length and I'm not going to assume your length goals,however, I do recommend that you a light dusting to ensure not to shock yourself.

B) You need protein
Curly hair needs 2 main things, that's protein and moisture. When your hair has too much protein it becomes brittle and breaks off. When your hair doesn't have enough protein your hair becomes elastic and stretches and it's strong enough. Your protein to moisture balance could be off. 

C) You are being too rough and you need to take your time and slow down. We've all been there- even me. Just relax. 

D) This is just the way your hair sheds. About 100 strands a day is shed on a normal human head. Everyone sheds hair. However, when we take into account that we has tighter curls the hair isn't going to slip right out, because as we go through our day it's get caught up in other hair strands. (I hope I'm making sense. It's very hard to describe. Lol) 

I highly recommend that you reflect on your hair regimen and adjust where you need. I hope I helped you. 

Happy Living"
deluxelite,d0b6q1,"Am I being too rough on my hair?&&&I comb out my hair roughly once a week with conditioner on it to detangle it. When I finish detangling, if I roll all the hair that came out in the comb into a ball it would be about the size of a golf ball. I was wondering if this a normal amount of hair to shed considering I detangle once a week? I’m worried that I could be combing too hard and accidentally pulling my hair out. My hair is type 4b and about chin length when wet if that matters."
sirfaith,d0azj5,Pure Mist!!! THE MAGIC SPRAY Need a Miracle? Spray it on.&&&[removed]
BoxedBoobs,d05hh5,Love your phone case! How do you stretch your hair out?
Brinaken,d05hh5,"Your look full and thick, great job. Keep wearing natural hair, perms are deceptive and unhealthy."
JahNoWinfrey,d05hh5,"JUST, YES!"
Soratachi87,d05hh5,So pretty. Love the style.
notgugubela,d05hh5,"It took me a while but now I 4C greatness in my natural hair journey ☺️&&&&&&Thank you 🤗&&&Thank you! I agree, perms are horrible.&&&Thanks! I either braid it or I do African Threading to stretch it out.&&&Thank you! 🤗"
nuncaazul,d05hh5,Oooh! It’s nice!!! I love the shape and all that volume! Beautiful! 😊
sammham,d05hh5,A 10/10 pun for a 10/10 pic. Bravo!!
BlankeSpace,d04vva," The right looks healthier. The left is fried, frayed and damaged. There are massive split ends and I can tell that there is visible strands that needed to be chopped. 

I’ve read your other responses. It may appear that your hair grow faster with a relaxer but that may not be the case. Stretching type for her in a natural way can show your growth. 

What is your hair regime? A proper hair-care routine can help your hair grow strong and healthy!"
CoffeeB4Talkie,d04vva,I think the pic on the right looks healthier.
Crjohni13,d04vva,I don't know what to do with my hair...what do you think? (don't be biased based on the group I'm posting to lol)&&&&&&Just curious why do you say that? I thought it wasn't since it broke off so much and always had lots of damage. Trying to learn more!&&&Thanks for the honesty! I am definitely debating hard on if I should transition back. I think I'll pause on relaxers for a bit then feel it out&&&I hate protective styling so no I didn't. My hair broke off soooooooo much natural since the curl pattern curls in on itself. Maybe I need a maintenance stylist/salon!&&&My hair regimen was to dampen my hair and add shea moisture smoothie daily. Wash and condition every month. I'm not good at figuring out hair routines.&&&FYI the left is a relaxer without flat ironing and my hair grew way faster relaxed.
Sarah1777,d04vva,"The right... I know this is a Natural Hair sub-reddit so the answers are going to be geared towards non-relaxed hair. I'd been relaxing my hair for 10 years and have now been in transition for 18 months, trust me I would tell you if the left looked healthier if that was the case. I know you know the ""I'm trying too hard for my hair to be straight"" look that relaxed hair can give you sometimes (could be related to stress, not enough water or simply a bad wash day) and unfortunately the breakage and damage is much more apparent on relaxed hair."
dyam,d04vva,"The hair may *seem* to have grown faster because, when hair is stretched, you can see the difference in length a lot more. When curly/coily hair grows, it curls in on itself, so an inch of growth could be practically unnoticeable.

But I can assure you, your hair definitely didn’t grow any faster in it’s relaxed state. All human head hair grows appropriately a half inch per month. The amount of growth you can actually see depends very heavily on the state of your hair."
elitedisplayE,d04vva,"100% pic on the right.  

ETA: i read your other responses.  I know from experience how hard 4A-C hair is to moisturize.  But your hair really looks more nourished and moisturized on the right. Maybe it's the different length of the ends of your hair on the left, but it looks more broken off.  Did you do protective styling on and off in that 6 years?  Sometimes that helps."
PeacesofAutumn,d04lqq,How often do you wash and how long does it take including detangle/style? I try every week or so and it takes 3 hours!&&&
Sarah1777,d04lqq,"I wash every 7-8 days during fall/winter/spring, 12-15 days during the summer (I go to the beach often on the weekends and like to keep my buildup to protect my hair from sand/salt/sun). It take 1000 years and 1 day because I'm transitioning and taking care of 2 textures LOL

Realistically, it depends how many sections I create for shampooing/conditioning but around 1h for detangling/shampoo/conditioning, 40 minutes deep cond and another 40-60 minutes to style: 3 hours give and take"
Zaylyn5355,d04lqq,"I aim for under an hour. But detangling before I shampoo seems to take the most time. Wash and gos take the least amount of time. When I stretch my hair to style it the next day, that also doesn't take long"
datcougarassassin,d04lqq,"I wash it every 2 to 3 weeks (unless I have a protective style in, then it's about a month). Detangling takes about 20 to 45 minutes, depending how tangled it is. Styling can range from 2 hours to 4 hours tbh, but that's because I'm slow lol."
entrylevelheaux,d04lqq,"if we're not including the moisturizing and sealing or deep conditioning then about 40 minutes but I also usually wash my body when I wash and condition my hair. if I get out of the shower to deep condition then that obviously takes time, also it depends on how lazy I am and how much I want to sit around after I've deep-conditioned. Then I have to get back in the shower rinse it out then hop back out and all those things take time. and then I moisturize and seal which doesn't take that long in and of itself but twisting takes a while unless I only do 4 big chunky twists. depending on the style or what I'm doing that can take around 30 minutes."
iamyiyaj,d04lqq,"I wash once a week and timing depends on what I decide to end with:
If i want to put gel in my hair to define my curls it takes around 2 hours

If Im just gonna throw my hair back into a high puff , it takes an hour

if I want to LCO and do twists, it will take three hours maybe!"
jwash1894,d04lqq,"I wash it every two weeks and after I sit under my hooded dryer for 40 minutes, I unroll my bantu knows and comb it out gently. 

MG takes about 1 hour and 40 minutes to do on wash weekends."
nuncaazul,d04lqq,"The image is funny as hell. That used to be me exactly.   
I follow JenniferRoseNYC on Instagram and she frequently posts about washing one’s hair at least once a week to as frequently as everyday. That sounded insane to me but people left comments about how their hair flourished when they did it. 
Skeptical I gave it a try for two weeks and I loved it. I wash 3-5x a week and wear a wash & go. I have a bonnet dryer; dry on low heat. My hair is more moisturized and doesn’t take near as much work to detangle. The ends aren’t crispy! Lol No more long conditioning treatment routines. It’s great. I never imagined I’d be able to escape 6 hour wash days. My wash & go routine takes about 45 min start to finish including detangling, shampoo, condition and dry time (20 min). There is more to JenniferRose’s recommendations so get the details but I highly recommend it."
Blumeblume,d024q3,It’s perfect. You’re perfect.
Crushed1ce,d024q3,Yees Ma!
Disturbia8081,d024q3,I love it. I am happy tou love it too. 4c hair is just as beautiful as any other hair type. 4c sister 💜
HereticalBlackGirl,d024q3,4b/4c here! I'm loving it ❤❤❤ So damn cute!
JahNoWinfrey,d024q3,JUST RICH!
Sarah1777,d024q3,Gorgeous!!!
Soratachi87,d024q3,Very pretty. Head full of hair.
ccangel16,d024q3,"I love it! 😍😍😍
It's so healthy and long. I know shrinkage is the devil."
empathalogist,d024q3,Took me a minute to love this 4c hair now you can't tell me N-E-THING!&&&&&&Thank you!&&&Absolutely!&&&Hey girl! Thank you!&&&Oh how I wish this was the case! I had to BC my shoulder length hair around May because of horrible midstrand splits all throughout my hair.  My hair was stretched and detangled after taking down some afro twists.&&&Thanks!
hunee214,d024q3,Beautiful!
youngalienmama,d024q3,So beautiful!
