index,id,comments
Dahliacid,e7yc0u,3c/4a probably
Eb929417,e7yc0u,I'm starting my natural hair journey and was wondering if anyone could help me identify my curl pattern. I've been doing my research on how to maximize my hair growth but it would be nice to know what I'm working with first lol. I'm open to any hair growth tips as well!😊&&&&&&Thank you so much 🙌&&&Thanks 😊&&&Thank you!&&&Thank you! I'll definitely check their channel!
Phoenix_echoes,e7yc0u,"Going by the size of your curls, 4a. Beautiful!"
fxnder01,e7yc0u,Looks 3c/4a to me. Good luck on your journey!
takolya,e7yc0u,4A. Greenbeauty is a great channel on youtube for natural hair growth. Her channel is AMAZING. Welcome to the journey 🙂
g3mix2014,e7ntih,"someone please help me with my ends, and also it seems as my strands arew going in whole different directions. this happened more after i trimmed it&&&"
Ashleyjasmine,e7jyg3,What’s my hair type?&&&
Phoenix_echoes,e7jyg3,"May be a tad 3c, 4a/4b But typing is best done on freshly washed, no product hair."
ball_bustin_betty,e7jyg3,3c/4a?
dyam,e7jyg3,"3c, 4a, etc is curl pattern, not hair type. It’s impossible to tell your hair type from a picture. We would need to feel it and see how it reacts to water and oils to determine your hair type."
fxnder01,e7jyg3,Looks 4a
JustLurkingHereMan,e7iqfa,"Has anyone tried Soultanicals Knot Sauce Detangler?&&&If so, how was your experience? I bought the moisture guru cream a while ago and so far it's been just ok. I hate the smell of it, but it's good to lock in the moisture for more than a day or two and it defined my hair well enough for a twist/braid out. It doesnt give good slip, so I don't even attempt to detangle with it."
PigmentedLady,e7d9mg,Are you type 4 or type 3?
ball_bustin_betty,e7d9mg,As I Am coconut cowash has helped me out when my hair was extra tangled.
bubblez2495,e7d9mg,Thiiiick hair&&&Does anybody have favorite products for thick natural hair? Especially for moisture and definitely detangling. Detangling is one of my biggest issues. It seems like my hair is just knotted up bad at the roots.&&&I'm not really sure what hair type I am. It's not something that I really looked at&&&Okay I'll try that out
UrDadsFave,e7cz9d,Get you some braids so you don't have to worry
bubblez2495,e7cz9d,Straight hair&&&I feel so accomplished when I finally straighten that last piece of hair after what seems like about two hours. Since I've had my baby girl my hair hasn't looked its best from dry patches to thinning spot. My husband even found a gray hair lol and I'm only 24. I was so embarrassed with my hair when I had my baby girl. I had an hair appointment about a week early and baby girl had other plans. I was eventually like screw it I just had a baby dang it and its been neglected since then. So its an huge accomplishment to get my hair straightened..to my liking with a newborn in the house. I might just start wearing wigs because sometimes its just too much.
avoir-baby,e79gag,I think you can have different curl patterns throughout your hair and they could just be the way it grows.
dyam,e79gag,"No one here can answer this question accurately. We don’t know your hair. We don’t know how much your hair has been damaged, we don’t know what it’s supposed to look like. 

You might be able to tell by your roots, but no one here will be able to know the difference."
ghosteddd,e79gag,"Is there any way to tell your true curl pattern even if you have damaged hair? How extremely different might my hair pattern be from what I have now? (The front is a lot more damaged than the back)&&&&&&my hair definitely grows tighter in the middle of my head, but the loose curls on the front are definitely not natural. i over flat ironed those to death ): i’m just trying to get a general idea of what i can look forward to when my hair is long! i’ve restarted this natural journey way too many times and i need inspiration&&&lol i just stopped straightening my hair after doing it for six months straight (for a relationship, of all things) so the curl pattern is really loose in the front and I assume  a little in the back? i’ve never Not fucked with my hair so I don’t know what my undamaged pattern is, i can’t tell if my curls will get smaller in diameter than what i have right now. the front pieces are wayyy straight because that’s where i went crazy with a flat iron. 

i know curl pattern doesn’t super matter, i just want to look at pictures of girls with hair patterns like mine so i have something to look forward to when it’s long!"
haireveryshare,e79gag,4A I think
stardarkk,e79gag,where's the damage ._.
chrisissues,e777h1,My hair is GROWING! Cant wait to start twisting it 😁.&&&
Ashex,e74kqd,"100% okay, check the ingredients to make sure it's pure or just go for the organic/natural lines."
DrkWht,e74kqd,"It’s not usually other oils. It’s fractionated coconut oil, where the Lauric acid has been removed, allowing it to stay in a liquid form at most temperatures."
KathraDeerheart,e74kqd,"Great question.

Coconut oil makes my hair curl tighter. But the next day after a barely warm water rinse, my hair is really nice.   
 Avocado relaxes the curl. Hemp oil has been too expensive for me to try. Olive oil I use sparingly because of how it clings.

Hope this helps :)"
PigmentedLady,e74kqd,"Either from the grocery store, 


Foreign stores like Africans, Hispanic, Asian, West Indian, Indian markets 


And holistic stores."
Someone1Somewhere,e74kqd,"This might be a dumb question, but for those who use oils on their hair, are oils from a grocery store okay to use?&&&I'm currently exploring new products for my hair. I have unrefined virgin coconut oil and regular olive oil, from the grocery store, and I am just wondering if this is what you are using in your hair, or are you using oils made a special way specifically for hair? 

&nbsp;

Thanks in advance, and sorry if this is a dumb question!&&&> Olive oil I use sparingly because of how it clings.

I was planning on giving Olive Oil a try; What do you mean by it ""clings""?&&&Thanks for the recommendation! I'll put it on my list of things to try&&&Thanks for the tip about the coconut oil. And fortunately, the one I bought today seems to fall in line with what you said."
Unique_Name3,e74kqd,"I wouldn't use the coconut oil that's specifically for cooking if you use it for more than your hair. Like for skin issues or oil pulling. I notice those tend to be liquid and yellow even when cold. Possibly because they contain other cooking oils like vegetable or canola. But if they carry natural coconut oil, that would be just like any other. 

I usually judge the quality by the colour itself. If it's cold it should be solid and white. If it's warm, it will slightly to fully melted and have a tint of yellow to it, but not much. It also shouldn't really have much smell to it surprisingly."
bazboozled,e74kqd,"Yea, they are the same oils, just fancier packageing. Your fine"
dyell1980,e74kqd,"Girl! Let me tell you about my favorite oil, avocado oil! I use it on my hair, face, and body (with other oils/ingredients mixed in). I also keep a bottle to cook with. I get cold pressed avocado oil at Aldi for $7-8."
elitedisplayE,e74kqd,definitely not a dumb question! the grocery store is a perfectly fine place to get them.  I'd look for cold pressed or expeller pressed oils.  Grapeseed and sunflower oils are great light oils.
hipdady02,e74kqd,They are actually better if food grade. Higher standards are applied to them.
librasunflow,e74kqd,this is not a dumb question! yes! grocery store is where most naturals get their oils
ooakrei,e74kqd,"Absolutely! What I've found buying my oils at grocery stores it's usually cheaper than if you buy them from companies that sell them for ""beauty""... That includes organic too.. Like mentioned above just make sure they are in their 100% natural form and not something like vegetable oil which has a lot of oils mixed together... So far I've only bought the regulars olive oil and coconut oil..."
BasicBrownQueen,e6sqq6,Every time I have big interviews I always question if I should pull back my natural hair (and I’ve been natural my whole life). The minute I have these thoughts I decide on principle that I’m wearing my hair out and down for everyone to see. This ban against hair discrimination will hopefully help a lot of women to fight for their hair to be seen in its natural state! We deserve to be protected.
Chunswae22,e6sqq6,"I think it's fantastic, but I feel it might not work. It's hard to prove discrimination if employers are coy about it. But I support this and I hope something like this comes to the UK. I have had many inappropriate comments about my hair from managers in the past."
CottonRain,e6sqq6,Gabrielle wasn't fired. They replace hosts all the time.
Disturbia8081,e6sqq6,For me it is great that they pass this. I hope it happens in Illinois too.
KathraDeerheart,e6sqq6,"I am white with natural curly hair. I can't braid my hair but have learned how to get defined curls instead of frizz  - finally.   I have been denied promotions, had snide comments about not looking professional and more. I am so tired of hearing that people with straight hair would love to have the curls when i mostly hear negative stuff about it. People ought to be accepted how we are. 

done ranting"
PigmentedLady,e6sqq6,"Uncomfortable looks from who? Is this from a predominantly white area.&&&I want to know the fines for this lol. 

It feels cool knowing you can take their ass to court because they feel some type of way about the nature of my hair."
khaila_,e6sqq6,I think it’s great! It’s crazy to me that there was even a law that prevented us from wearing our hair grows out of our heads. I’ve definitely experienced uncomfortable looks from other people whenever I wore my hair naturally or even in a protective style (like box braids).
ladyabercrombie,e6sqq6,"Completely and wholeheartedly agree with everything you said, here. This stuck out to me as a funny:

>We deserve to be protected. 

I’m sure there’s a “protective style” joke in there somewhere. :)"
manilaclown,e6sqq6,"I wish white people would get out of their bubble. It’s one thing to not get along with us culturally, but I’m sorry, you’re gonna have to accept my poof, Karen."
naturalsue,e6sqq6,"Ban Against Hair Discrimination&&&How do you guys feel about the new law passed that bans hair discrimination? With Cory Booker backing the law and Gabrielle Union being fired for her natural hair, what are you all feelings? Have you ever experienced hair discrimination?&&&Yea it's really is crazy. It's 2019 and we're passing laws that protects us based on our natural hair."
ooakrei,e6sqq6,"Was there originally a law that stated we couldn't wear our hair natural or is this law just in response to all the discrimination that has been happening ??&&&I've always felt a little weird that white ppl or other races with straighter or looser curled hair can roll out of bed not do ANYTHING with their hair and it's ok... But my natural hair that I actually tamed (whether it be a natural, braid-out, twist-out etc...) is judged just because of the texture and considered ""not done"" or ""not appropriate for work""... It was needed !! Babies being sent home from school because of braids in their hair,, something had to change !! I hope it helps the issue !!&&&By the way I have mixed people in my family that tease and laugh at my natural hair... First step needs to start at home..."
larenash,e6rdq9,Natural hair&&&
HotPocketWatch,e6ptmv,"Can I still use curly hair products if I straighten my hair?&&&Hello! I have 4c type hair naturally and I straighten it with a flat iron after washing. I'm pretty new to how I should care for my hair properly and I was wondering if it's ok for me to use products for curly hair even though I straighten it. A lot of information I found only talks about products for hair in it's natural state, or products for hair that is chemically straightened. I'm 100% virgin hair, all I put in it is heat protectant and my oils. However the oils only do so much and I'm trying to find different products that could help.
Sorry if I was a bit wordy. I appreciate any help. Thank you so much!"
Someone1Somewhere,e6ptmv,"In my experience, if you're straightening your hair with heat you want to avoid products with water in them. 

I remember when I was younger I put gel or something on my straightened hair to make a smooth ponytail and it made my hair wavy in the front; I realized the product had water in it."
UnderSomeRock,e6ptmv,"I don't use any of my curly hair products while my hair is straight. Most of those products are meant to make your hair moisturized and curly, which means they'll make your hair revert back to is curly state, or lead to frizz. Don't use any creams or leave-in conditioners. Some (but not all) gels are okay. I know the edge control I use is fine, but liquid-based gels are a no-go.

Products that are fine to use after straightening hair are oils and hair sprays (for hold). Only use heat protectant before straightening. If it gets on a section you previously straightened, it'll frizz up (because of the moisture).

Protect your hair at night by wrapping it. That'll help prolong the style."
bitchcraftmra,e6ptmv,I would think it’s okay. Just don’t go heavy or it’ll look greasy
montero19,e6noqe,Jamaican black castor oil every other day on your edges and low maintence for a a good bit of time
raynekur,e6noqe,"My edges!!🥺🥺&&&So- I used to live in the Bronx where you will find a Dominican Doobie on every corner. I used to love getting the wash, set, and blow combo. This January was my last time getting the combo, but I soon realized that putting my hair under such strenuous droughts has took a toll on my edges, and has made my hair thinner. It sheds a lot too. Any suggestions on how to fix my problem?

Thanks!"
PigmentedLady,e6f4j3,"No..


My worst fear for naturals and going above & beyond just to get these looks. 


The thickest hair type is able to achieve a nice twist out without all that heat and 10+ products. 

If you have type 4 hair, and the kinkiest type, flat twisting with the right holding product (give more info, and I can help a bit more) and then twist it or give it a better curl using hair rollers. 

The key is to damp the hair to wear it keeps it moisture but holds a curl as well. If possible a blow dryer with low heat can help dry the hair out. 

I have type 4 hair. I dont go by that made-up spectrum of the 4a-C hair types because it all depends on the hair structures, type, density, elasticity, and porosity. But if you have what they consider thick 4b or C a medium to small flat twists is one of the best easiest ways to achieve twist outs love!"
strawnoodle,e6f4j3,"Do you add heat to your twist-outs twice a week?&&&How do you guys pull off twist out styles weekly? My twists just aren't cute enough to wear out and I don't trust blow drying them twice a week. So that  means no twist/braid outs/ flat twist because drying over night isn't going to happen. Are you able to get away with it by adding a protectant? Maybe I just need to learn how to wear a head scarf.&&&Thank you. I have type 4 with type 2 stands sprinkled in. It looks like 4b based on pictures of other people's hair. It's low porosity, thin and high density.

I keep hearing from people that my twist-outs have to start out soaking inorder to get it right but I never had time for it. I'll definitely try from damp hair and see if I can get it to come out well. As for the gel, it's hard to get anything other than ecostyler where I am."
