index,id,comments
mohiinii,cygw0i,Love when my wash & go gets big&&&
naturalhairreplace,cy6lza,nonsurgicalhair replacement&&&
BlvccWidow,cy1tfg,Focus on your hair porosity instead of hair type.
Jameriaa1,cy1tfg,I just recently big chopped and I’m wondering what my hair type is to find the best products for my hair! 4a or 4b??&&&
SmittenAmor,cy1tfg,"Hair has to be freshly washed with no product to determine hair type. Plus it'll likely look a little different as it grows out since you just chopped. For now look into the l.o.c. method (YouTube it) and as mentioned do a porosity test to determine the best products.

1. Porosity test
2. L.o.c. method using products for your porosity discovered in step 1. 
3. Protective styling/ covering hair at night

If you need 1 on 1 help consider purchasing a natural hair evaluation and action plan. 10 years natural! PM for more info."
SmittenAmor,cy1cce,"1. Porosity test
2. L.o.c. method using products for your porosity discovered in step 1. 
3. Protective styling/ covering hair at night

If you need 1 on 1 help consider purchasing a natural hair evaluation and action plan. 10 years natural! PM for more info."
X13M,cy1cce,"Need some advice. Idk what hair type I have and no idea what I’m doing. I wash and go and shampoo when I feel buildup but my hair always seems dry after and always goes into a fro and I’d love for it to lay down. Any help getting it not to be so dry and or lay down? Ima guy idk if that helps.&&&&&&I’m using palmers olive oil shampoo and conditioner.

I’ve never used a butter product or moisture sealer but I will look into it.

What would a trim do? Ive had my hair shorter and it never seemed to lay down then either.

Sorry for all the questions I’m just not very used to any of this and want to make sure I do this right.

I know I have low porosity hair I did the hair test so it definitely has a tough time with moisture.

Thank you for the feedback so far tho it means a lot!"
ccangel16,cy1cce,"I believe you hair type is 3C. Wash and go never really worked for me I couldn't take the build up and like you after a while I didn't feel my hair was moisturized. I would go back to washing you hair with shampoo and conditioner. Also do a deep conditioner and protein treatment pack. I'm not sure what products your using, but you may need to invest in heavy butter products and make sure you get a olive oil or grapeseed oil for a sealing the moisture. If your hair is having trouble laying down you may need a trim."
Jay-Bird23,cxzg6o,"PLEASE do NOT listen to your mother. Had I followed my own path instead of listening to mine, I would have cut my hair and gone natural a decade ago. But now my hair is damaged from perms and straight ironing. It’s of my biggest regrets. Funny thing is, she wants to go natural to now and loves my look. It’s way to common for people to take relatives words or input to heart but don’t forget it’s just that, input. 

I shaved my head bald to start my natural journey and my mother couldn’t look at me for days, she was so mad. But you have to do what makes you happy and feel good.

Edit to add: My mother said the same thing, I’d look like a boy and wouldn’t look feminine unless I dressed up and beat my face. This all untrue. Like stated above, she’s mad jealous now."
UniquelyElle97,cxzg6o,Your hair. Do what you want with your hair for you. I BC’d (transitioned for a year) in April without telling my mom & she still doesn’t accept it but I am literally in love with my natural hair. She’s a relaxer fiend for life but I am not her. You have to take your own path.
doowopthatthing_,cxzg6o,"There is a triple whammy of homophobia-internalized white supremacy-general lack of support at play here. The idea that straight hair (even short) is somehow more feminine than natural hair is some straight-up bullshit. I won’t pretend to have the answers as to how to navigate your relationship with your mom, but i can tell you that your hair journey is your own. Please know that you will be beautiful no matter what. You don’t need to justify cutting your hair or growing it out. Do what you want and enjoy the marvelous journey!"
hotwangsslap,cxzg6o,"I want a TWA but my mom disagrees&&&If you don’t wanna read all of this then skip to the end lol. Everything else is just an in-depth explanation of the situation.

I have very short hair, like maybe an inch long. I like it cut short and I always have. Pixi cuts just make me feel so pretty plus as a lazy pretty girl, their perfect lol. But being black I have to perm my hair every now and again so I can keep wearing a tamed, easy to style pixi. Only problem is I hate perms. They’re damaging and they burn my scalp if I forget and scratch even a little. Sure they make me look nice and my life easier and they’re cheaper than a natural hair regimen but still, I’m tired of them and wanna go back natural, starting the journey with a TWA.

I have it already planned out: let my hair naturally grow out over a short period, and then when just enough kinks have re-emerged, cut off any texturized hair so I’m left with a TWA. Ik if I just grow it all out at once I’m gonna hate all the sudden extra work, quit, and just pop a perm in. Starting off short would 1) let my products last longer thus saving me money as I’m going into a new natural hair journey, 2) make it easier on me taking care of my natural hair since there won’t be a lot to tackle with in the beginning, and 3) let me Gradually let go of the convenience of short hair that I’ll miss so much T•T. Told my mom this reasonable, healthy plan and she had this to say:

“You’ll look like a boy and have to wear makeup all the time.”
“People might think you’re a lesbian or something.”
“Just grow out a lot and jump right in. You’ll be fine.”

When I don’t wear makeup or even have my hair done with a cap on and I feel I look boyish, my family, mom included, always tell me it’s not true. But now that I want to do something different, suddenly the opposite is true which hurt my feelings. Plus my reasoning so obviously trumps her’s so idk why she can’t just support me. I’m an 18 year old girl, a smart one at that, and shouldn’t have to argue with my almost 40 year old mom like she’s some toddler incapable of understanding anyone else’s wants and reasoning. I’m considering just doing it anyway and leaving her to deal but ik she’ll be sooo pissed off, and with me still living at home, I can’t avoid her overreactive, immature rage. Please, any advice?

TL;DR : I wanna get a TWA but my mom thinks I’ll look like a boy. I don’t want her pissed at me if I go ahead and and do it anyway, mainly because I won’t be able to escape her immature anger since I’m still living at home, but I also still wanna do what EYE want with MY hair and think it’ll be easier on me if I work my way up to caring for a lot of hair. Any advice?&&&Thank you, this was a an uplifting reply <3"
Aiiiiim,cxoasc,"Hair won't retain moisture for over a day?&&&I've used so many hair moisturizers and none moisturize and keep my hair soft for over a day? And after that it's completly brittle and hard and looses its curl pattern...

-high porosity 3b hair&&&Do you reccomend any lighter leave ins that seal I noticed grapeseed oil made my hair oily and most leave ins leave residue on my hair&&&Wow! Thank you I will PM you. I have tried the porosity test and I am high porosity but when I try loc my hair always makes my hair feel greasy and never soft. I've tried grapseed olive oil and coconut so far"
SmittenAmor,cxoasc,"1. Porosity test (the more accurate 1)
2. L.o.c. method using products for your porosity discovered in step 1. 
3. Protective styling/ covering hair at night

If you need 1 on 1 help consider purchasing a natural hair evaluation and action plan. 10 years natural! PM for more info."
Upper_Stage,cxoasc,"If you’re high porosity, then make sure you use moisturizers and use creams and butters. 

I have high porosity 4c hair and it’s not option.

Make sure all your styling projects are heavy"
shakingnight,cxoasc,"I'm high porosity and 3C, but whenever I've tried using heavier products I found my hair feeling like it has build up and becoming a dust magnet. The heaviest products I've tried are coconut oil and the shea moisture leave in :(( is that just a sensory issue that one has to get used to?"
giftedchick,cxl43m,You might want to consider interlocking. It's more suitable to your lifestyle.
grundlejist,cxl43m,"Dreads + Martial Arts - How do I get my roots to lock?&&&I  have baby locs (4b/c texture), and I've been trying to get my new  growth to loc up. I wrap my locs before sleeping, and try to not get  them wet. The trouble is, I practice Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu 2-3 times a week, a sport where everyone involved ends up sweating  profusely (sometimes literally dripping) and in close contact with each other. (I'd provide a link, but the automod deleted my post.)

Is there a solution for me, other than doing a retwist after every class?&&&>Does interlocking lead to long-term problems?  
>  
>Also, is it okay to interlock freeform locs?

 

Does interlocking lead to long-term problems?

Also, is it okay to interlock freeform locs?"
grundlejist,cxi7dm,Dreads + Martial Arts - how do I keep my roots twisted?&&&[removed]
Goldionblue,cx1kpf,"Has anyone here tried the clumping method for hair growth?&&&This method was popularized by kimmaytube, in which you maintain the parts you make and don't separate your twists and keep your hair in the chunks the twist produces. Essentially, you'll untwist your hair (sometimes you dont untwist the roots) and don't separate the clumps so you can maintain the look of loose natural hair without it being completely loose.

My roots tangle like crazy, so I think this would be a good method to maintain my hair when I want to be gently on it but dont want to protective style.

Has anyone else used this method? Was it successful? Pros and cons?"
lulumajorca,cx1kpf,"Yes, I essentially do this every twist out to make them last longer. I let my hair separate naturally over the course of a week and sometimes separate a few curls to get the look I want. It really cuts down on detangling come wash day. Pros are not having to deal with tangles. Cons it doesn’t give me the “wash and go” look I want but that’s up to preference. 
Also, to prevent tangled roots in general you do smaller twists,  ensure that the hair shaft is completely smooth before twisting or braiding the roots before twisting the length of the hair."
nuncaazul,cx1kpf,"I didn’t use it for growth per se but just for preventing tangles which, long term, cuts down on breakage and therefore supports growth. I have fine strands, with high density 4a curls and until I figured out which detanglers my hair likes, the clumping method was a life saver. Once I found the right detanglers though I stopped using the method."
SydNicollette,cwx576,"I suffer with dry scalp in the front and flaking🥴. So I would suggest trying Paul Mitchell’s tea tree oil shampoo (helps a lot with dry scalp), using a hair oil with tea tree and peppermint tea as a hot oil treatment which helps with dandruff, or look into a dermatologist who specializes in hair to maybe prescribe you an anti-fungal shampoo/conditioner to help."
winndoo,cwx576,Please help&&&Hi y'all. I think my hair texture is in the 4's with some 3C ish type stuff going on in the back. I've noticed since moving that my scalp at the front of my head is always dry. This happens 2-3 days post washing. It doesn't matter what I wash with be it shampoo or black soap. And it's only in the  front of my head. Regardless of it it's oiled/greased or whatever it always happens. Sometimes it's itchy but really only when it gets hot. It looks like ashy skin and it flakes like my scalp used to do when I relaxed my hair. It looks especially crustier when I have braids because then my scalp is exposed. I was going to attach a picture but I can't accurately take one. Can anyone please help me? Thanks in advance.&&&Thank you!
MariahDominic,cwtr8y,curly gurl&&&
amethyst_asuna,cwtr8y,I loooove your curl pattern. Do you not have a lot of srinkage?
theVinMilaje,cwtr8y,I wish my texture was like this ☹
Hashbrown9819,cwsmvl,"For type 4 people:How often do you change your hairstyle?&&&I’ve been learning some new hairstyles ( flat twist crown, front twists with a high puff, wash and go, high bun, cornrows) and I was curious about how often I should be switching up my hairstyle. Just because I’ve heard that it’s better for your hair if you don’t manipulate it too much."
Olevrean,cwsmvl,"I can't twist or braid so without help I just keep my same style template, some type of low buns lol."
PigmentedLady,cwsmvl,"I dont change my style, I usually redo the same style and style that."
UnderSomeRock,cwsmvl,I usually switch up 1x per week (when I was my hair)
ccangel16,cwsmvl,I do my hair every 3-4 weeks (protective style). My go to style is cornrows with two strand twists. My hair has thrived since I started doing this.
haute-e,cwsmvl,I do twist outs after I wash my hair and rock that for 3-4 days. Then I’ll do the LCO method and maybe redo the twist out or do a high puff. I do the LCO method every other day until wash day again
iamyiyaj,cwsmvl,"well right now im just doin high puffs but when I learn to braid, its over lol"
jwash1894,cwsmvl,"Only after I wash it, which is every 2 weeks.

I did a mini experiment and decided to just rock my shrinkage (love it so much) and just moisturize it every morning.

I noticed some new growth by the time 2 weeks had passed.  Now, I’m wearing it in two braids and last week(all week) I wore it in a puff. 

I know it sounds cliche but the more you leave it alone and just moisturize it, the better off your hair will be. 💜"
IrregularAppearance,cwsi7j,"lol at the reason you lost your edges. She snatched mine as well. A lot of people swear by Wild Growth or Kaleidoscope oil - those are easy to get at your local BSS. Personally, I really like [Nioxin Hair Booster](https://www.nioxin.com/en-US/hair-loss-products/intensive-hair-booster) \- it's not as easy to get, but you can find online or at salons that sell it (and maybe some BSS!)."
Pollypurebred916,cwsi7j,Got my edges snatched watching Missy at the VMA's any suggestions on how to grow then back quickly ?&&&
trud1th,cwsi7j,I've been using shea moisture castor oil edge treatment. I got braids a few weeks ago and she was way too aggressive on my edges but I've already noticed they are getting thick again.
