index,id,comments
im_nice_trust_me,bii98o,"I use the coconut and hibiscus style milk + wetline xtreme gel (suuuuper cheap) and I love it. It can get a little crunchy when it first dries if I use too much, but softens up once I sleep on it. Keeps my hair soft, really defines my curls, and I don’t have to fuss with a ton of products"
megalodonatron,bii98o,"If the curly smoothie didn't mix, I would expect that the style milk would be the same. The style milk is basically a thinner version of the curly smoothie. I use mostly Shea Moisture products and I find that they mix well with Kinky Curly Curling Custard, but it can be quite expensive."
urawizrdarry,bii98o,"Shea moisture curl and style milk and gel combination&&&I'm thinking of ordering the shea moisture curl and style milk to try but I don't know what gel to get with it. I was thinking the eco styler black castor oil would be ok. My problems with this are that I tried the curl enhancing smoothy and it didn't mix with the olive oil eco styler I had. I was wondering if any of you have tried this mixture or if you have a different hair milk/leave-in combo suggestion.

Extra info: I have low porosity 4b hair and I mostly do wash and goes but I'm thinking of adding shingling.  I live in a country that doesn't have these products so I have to pay a bit extra for shipping so I can't go crazy trying products like I want. The reason I chose the curl milk is because the Shea moisture line are the most readily available products I can get to and even those are limited. What I use now is Camille rose but I cant get anymore product or my home made marshmallow root mixture but it has to stay refrigerated and that doesn't work for travel.&&&Thank you. That sounds like a better mix. I'll see if I can find the curling Custard."
AdamantiumFoil,bih0vo,"My hair didn't get flowy until it got longer. If your hair's extremely short, it just may not have the weight yet.

Also, I find that my hair is less mobile and more crispy when I use high heat. Maybe low heat on the blow dry would help? Are you using a heat protectant, and are the products you're trying out heavy? When I blow dry, I usually only put on a light leave-in and protectant, then add oils/butters after it's straightened."
BloodOnTheTeaLeaves,bih0vo,"The person who flat irons my hair uses a lot of heat protectant, sprays each section before going in with the chase method. Unfortunately I forget to ask which heat protectant she uses, but it's a spray rather than a cream!"
Freebeing001,bih0vo,"If you want flow, get someone skilled at blowouts. Someone good can give you the silk effect without a lot of heat damage. I've had it done. One downside is it took a few washings before I got my natural coily-curly style back."
MMIXMI,bih0vo,"4c hair doesn't move naturally/ doesn't flow when flat ironed&&&I have very kinky, short 4c hair and as far as I know i have no heat damage/unhealthiness in my hair. 
When I wet my hair, it quickly returns to its natural curl pattern. 
Before straightening, I blow my hair out with a hair dryer on the highest heat setting.
The only product i put on before this is my heat protectant, and I use very little.
I also shampoo and deep condition before

When I flat iron my hair, it straightens just fine but it doesn't move like straight hair should. Like if I lift my straightened hair up, it stays in place and doesn't fall. It just sticks up.

I tried changing products, changing flat irons, using less product, using a clarifying shampoo to get rid of build up, and it still doesn't move naturally.

I see people with my hair texture with flowy straightened hair, I don't get what I'm doing wrong"
PigmentedLady,bih0vo,What are you putting in yo in your hair?
afropuffsalex,bih0vo,This tip is clutch. I was natural for about 4 years before I discover this method.
ateeightate,bih0vo,I never struggles with movement unless there was too much heat involved. Even with keratin treatments. Maybe experiment with how your flat iron? Silk press or maybe a blow out?
kurly-bird,bih0vo,"I did the chase method with a boar bristle brush the last time I straightened my hair. I found it a bit easier to grip than a comb, and it was much silkier."
melon_soda,bih0vo,Have you tried to blow dry your hair with a roller brush before flat ironing?
nooneanyone,bih0vo,Also reduce the amount of product you are applying.
rootchakra111,bih0vo,chase the flatiron with a fine tooth comb
trisheyyx3,bih0vo,"I can honestly second this . My hair is 4c and very VERY course , I didn't see movement until a little bit past shoulder length. I have no heat damage and get compliments on how healthy my hair is from others often. Whenever I give myself a silk press , it is only flowy like a week later when it gets a lil dirty & that's not silkkkkky flow even then. I honesty came to a point where since our hair is the coarsest it shouldn't ever get silky smooth. This summer I do want to get a professional blow out to see if it can but I'm scared of someone giving me heat damage when I've gotten my hair mid back length all on my own. So don't feel alone because I struggle with this too"
yabbadebbie,bih0vo,Try using the smallest/thinnest sections possible for each ‘pass’.
AdamantiumFoil,bie9y4,"Some people use antiperspirant wipes like Sweat Block to control excessive facial sweating. I've used it in the past for that reason, and for the OP, my edges are fine!"
BigBlackGothBitch,bie9y4,"It plugs your sweat glands with a gel formed from aluminum products in the antiperspirant and no, it’s not bad for you."
BoxedBoobs,bie9y4,"Forgive my ignorance, but why are folks putting deodorant on their hairline?"
CoffeeB4Talkie,bie9y4,This. I'm so confused.
EnlightndMind,bie9y4,Are antiperspirants bad for your hairline?&&&I just discovered some people do this but I’m wondering if the chemicals would negatively affect the hair.
HelloDevelopingWorld,bie9y4,Boi 👏
MisSinterpreter123,bie9y4,Some people do what? Put deodorant on their hairline? Don't do that.
PigmentedLady,bie9y4,... black people are doing this?
S1moneous,bie9y4,"Wait, what?"
dyam,bie9y4,"I’ve never heard of this, but antiperspirants can block up your pores so idk if it’s *bad* but I’m sure it’s not good,"
masterofnone_,bie9y4,I’m assuming someone with an insanely large amount of sweat might try and put deodorant on to lessen the sweat.
sunny_bell,bie9y4,That was my question too...
Comeasyouare2,bianym,"east croydon mall has many west african shops, its adjacent west croydon which also has many shops, assesible by train and tram and the shops are all within walking distance"
Wind_your_neck_in,bianym,Any west/central London recommendations. Someone decent who isn't out to bald my edges
_CoachMcGuirk,bianym,How about you post it here so the entire community can benefit.
aqamarina,bianym,Where are staying? I can give you recommendations in south London. Pm me
disreputabledoge,bianym,"Recommendations for hair braiding in London, UK&&&Hi all! I posted this elsewhere, but I thought I could post here as well. 

I’m in London until Wednesday evening and I’m trying to get my hair braided. I live in Germany and it’s hard for me to get my hair done when I am there, so I’m trying to take advantage of my being here. 

I’m thinking of doing something [like this](https://images.app.goo.gl/WQxMtddWiMfbP92j6) or any short style really. Does anyone know where I can go on relatively short notice? 

Thanks in advance.

Edit: I’m currently in east London for anyone wondering

Edit 2: thank you so much for the recommendations! I got my hair done and I’m happy 🙂"
ThisEpiphany,bhvr7g,"Uncle Funky's is great but it's a bit pricey. They have a $20 travel/sample pack with (I think 5 or 6 products) to try them out.

My hair likes to frizz and seems to get weighed down on humid days. So, I will squeeze a palm sized amount of gel through my very wet hair, then (with an old tee shirt) squeeze out the excess water before diffusing. After it's dry, I squeeze the curls to break the crunchy gel bond. This method makes well formed curls, you may need to separate them. I tend to just lean forward and shake them out (usually just scrunching out the gel is enough) rather than running my fingers through them. It cuts down on the frizz.

Putting the gel in when your hair is wet will not make it leave flakes. Use a large amount to hold and form the curl when you diffuse. For me, it really locks in the moisture. 

The thing is, we all have such different hair that you have to experiment. Some people work better with no conditioner and use oil. Some clarify their hair every day. Some need no shampoo, light conditioning, lots of protein products, and can't diffuse to get a good look. 

There's a spectrum of hair types that we all fall under but only you have yours. Get you some goddess tresses!

Edit - my hair type is 3A-B, almost waist length (and in need of a cut), brown, medium porosity"
booksmusiclove,bhvr7g,Have you tried Carol's Daughter?
raychiekuok,bhvr7g,"Devacurl doesn't work well for me. Makes my hair dry and doesn't pump up my curls. Product recommendations for 2b-c hair?&&&I have asian 2b-c hair, thick but not dense and low porosity. Devacurl doesn't work for me :(  So far i've used shea moisture coco& hibiscus curl smoothie and that works for me but my hair doesn't last. Within the first 5-10 mins after diffusing it starts to lose definition. 

The devacurl i tried was supercream & ultradefining gel😞 Weirdly the supercream doesn't help amping my curls, i feel like it sort of ""elongates"" my curls instead which was so weird.  Anyone knows why?  It also makes my hair frizzy and dry as well.. I have to use twice as much conditioner in the shower to make it look not so bad. 

I'm trying to find good products (curl creams works best for my hair ) that can define and pump up my curls, lasts too!  Any recommendations?"
Sane_amanda_bynes,bhvh69,"What kind of products for low porosity, 3C hair?&&&I finally did the porosity test and found out my 3C hair is low porosity. I have no idea what kind of products to use. It's usually nice on the first day, but on the second day it's always super dry and frizzy. 
What do I do?"
breester7,bhvh69,"I love anything Creme of Nature. Reasonably priced and so moisturizing. I'm all about the pure honey line! Their shampoo is great and the moisture whip twisting creme is my go to for my wash and gos or general styling. I use aunt Jackie's flaxseed gel for my wash and gos as well. For any kind of twist out, I like the mango and shea butter love-in conditioner from Creme of Nature or Melanin Haircare's shea butter twist out creme!

When I do wash and gos my hair has a nice hold and definition that lasts for almost 2 weeks if I let it!"
JustLurkingHereMan,bhvdup,"What's a good curl refresher spray for 4a hair?&&&I have the Jane Carter Solutions curl refresher spray but it doesn't help very much and leaves my hair sticky (or tacky) and frizzy! My hair is great on day 1, but after sleeping (I put my hair into 4 sections), the curls are just about gone. This happens no matter what I do to help ""save"" my curls. My hair is like a wire- once it's bent out of place, it's hard to get back into shape (unless I re-apply my cream and gel everyday). Please help!&&&I have medium to high porosity, medium density, and medium to thick strands if that helps."
bbrae_alldayerrday,bhvdup,"It sounds like you're hair doesn't like glycerin. I refuse to buy products that list it in the top 5 ingredients. That's probably what's causing the sticky feeling. I don't have a specific recommendation for you but you might want to look for sprays that dont have glycerin but do have aloe Vera juice, gel, and/or acv. This should help reduce the frizz. Also look for a spray that has protein, which will help with curl definition."
CoffeeB4Talkie,bhu92x,"I heat up anything that I put on my hair (except shampoo). Oils, conditioner, deep conditioner, leave in, etc. Heat is my low porosity hairs bff. Lol (This is for better moisturizing. Idk about changing hair porosity. Can't advise on the changing porosity bit.)"
HelloDevelopingWorld,bhu92x,How do I increase my hair porosity?&&&I have 4a/4b hair and it's usually frizzy and it's hard to my natural curl shape without gel. I'm trying to find a way to keep it moisturized and make it curl downwards instead of up. So how do I change my low porosity to high or medium?&&&Ooooof I thought I could get higher porosity hair because my mother hair absorb water quickly. I guess not.&&&Should I still do my deep conditioner if I did a prepoo overnight?
SABRlNASPEIIMAN,bhu92x,"Do you know what it means when your low porosity hair turns high porosity? It can be achieved through damage; are you sure you’re OK with that?

If so, try baking soda. But just please understand if you’re not born with high porosity, the only way to change that is through damage."
cslrc,bhu92x,"If you let your hair grow out, it will naturally increase in porosity over time by sun and mechanical damage.  To moisturize low-po hair, use heat or steam for your deep conditioning treatments and work with warm water when you wash and style your hair."
BeautifulGorgeous97,bhqxax,"Yes, it does for me;Coincidentally I just bought some."
CamyeMarie,bhqxax,It helped me. Another alternative is to use Dr. Bronner's peppermint Castile soap mixed into your regular shampoo. Either or make sure you condition really well afterwards (let it sit for at least 10 - 15 minutes)  cause both methods can take out a lot of the moisture in your hair.
CoffeeB4Talkie,bhqxax,Never used the shampoo. Only the hair grease. Here's to hoping someone here has actually used it. :)
Faux_extrovert,bhqxax,"I don't know if I had dandruff or psoriasis or what, but I used to have giant flakes on my scalp. I started using a silicone shampoo brush when I washed my hair and I have not had flakes since. Sometimes I use Neutrogena T/Gel shampoo when I wash, but using that shampoo brush really got rid of the problem for me."
FulaniQueen,bhqxax,"I use it once a week and it works for me. 

I normally shampoo once a week and I will cowash 1-2X in a week. 

Washing more has helped my scalp tremendously."
LesserDuchess,bhqxax,"It does. My sister (she's 4a, 3c) can get a flakey scalp (from a scale of 1-5, she'd be like a 2 and a half to three in regards to how flakey she got) and the sulfer 8 shampoo really helped her out. She washed her hair maybe every 3-5 days and it cleared up in about 3 weeks."
MisSinterpreter123,bhqxax,It has sulfates. Don't do it sis.
PinkPurse12,bhqxax,Does sulfur8 shampoo help with dry flaky scalp?&&&&&&How does the hair grease work?
communistweather,bhqxax,Yeah I use it. I wash once with S8 and then with dr. Bronners. I’ve used it for a few months and my dandruff has been reduced greatly
CoffeeB4Talkie,bhpg2l,"I don't co wash at all. 

I wash once a week."
Port64,bhpg2l,"I can share what I do. I have low porosity type 4 hair. I’m not sure if it’s a, b, or c or all of the above. I recently started the curly girl method... recently as of two weeks ago but my MO has always been use a sulfate free shampoo every 1-2 weeks (depending on how lazy I am). Gotta keep the scalp healthy and remove buildup. The only difference now is that now I use a shampoo with no silicones. I’ve read that silicone buildup can make hair feel hard, frizzy and mess with your curl pattern. I just started using CurlyKids Super Detangle Shampoo. I conditioned with DevaCurl One Condition (regular not decadence). That’s a recent change because my old conditioner (Function of Beauty) had silicones in it and I did not feel like it softened my hair. I use a wide tooth comb to detangle. Then I use the DevaCurl Supercream in sections. I am on day 4 currently and my hair still feels moisturized. It is also defined. The only thing I’ve done is added water (while in the shower). I’ve been natural since 2008 and this method is the best (and simplest) I’ve found thus far! And I’ve experimented with so much. The only other time I’ve had good results (soft, moisturized, defines hair) was when I was co washing with VO5 and using the Kinky Curly Knot Today (which is amazing in my opinion). I’ve learned that water is the best moisturizer.  My friend who had major hair growth (also with 4c hair) said she had the best results when she treated her hair like a plant aka watering it everyday. I prefer keeping things simple :) 
I hope you find what works for you! Have patience."
TTtotallydude23,bhpg2l,Shampoo and co wash routine&&&I was just wondering what’s the appropriate way to wash hair. Like I have 4c and I’ll cowash once a week for like 3 weeks a month and then the last week do a sulfate free shampoo and conditioner but my hair hasn’t been able to stay moisturized as well with the weather. I’m sure I could use a deep condition but not sure how often or what’s the best with my hair. And I always do twist outs when I wash&&&I do use castor oil for my hair daily but I haven’t done any protein treatments so that’s something I’ll look into. Also the ACV rinse I haven’t tried yet
ladyballz_,bhpg2l,I have 4c low porosity hair. I used to co wash but I stopped. And now I shampoo once a week/week and a half. After I shampoo I'll use a deep conditioner and then proceed to styling afterwards.
3decadesin,bhitml,Lmfao I have a before and after picture on my ig with a picture of my hair stretched....and then him as my after wash picture
CoffeeB4Talkie,bhitml,"LMAO! 😂😂😂😂😂&&&Oh, my wash n go's are just that. Wash as usual, add my leave in as usual and that's it. During the week, the most I do is wet and maybe apply a little oil if I think my hair is feeling dry. 

I'm not adding a million products. I'm damn sure not shingling (did I even spell that right? Lol ) a damn thing."
Eleanorrigbeee,bhitml,"I have to post my hair journey pics. I would roll out of bed with my pineapple, wash my face and go."
Elegant-Rectum,bhitml,"For me and lots of other women, that's exactly what a wash and go is.  

&#x200B;

On an average day, I literally wake up, wet my hair / make my hair damp, apply some type of cream, apply some type of oil, spend some time ""sttyling,"" and I am on my way. I spend all of 10-15 minutes on my hair in the morning most days. Granted, my hair is a lot shorter than some of the youtubers, so there is that."
Icuucme1,bhitml,"Why are “wash and gos” rarely ever “wash and go”??&&&I get that curly/coily hair has to be moisturized so we cant just wash it and literally go about our way. But most “wash and go”s i have seen people do (on youtube, real life, or even myself) is ever that easy. I wish it was just wash, moisturize, and go. But no!! Wash and go is really wash, moisturize, obsess over every single curl, put millions of products on hair, then maybe go. Are we really embracing our texture if we dont just let it be?? Why are we pbsessing about definition and products that make our hair look a certain type of way? How about once in a while we just focus on the cleanness and health of our hair, and just let it be? I think THAT should be considered as a wash and go.&&&Lmaoo! Honestly, don’t underestimate a good haircut to shape your hair as you want it. Then, even if it is not “done”, it will still look cute bc the shape is cute if that makes sense!&&&Makes so much sense!! Its about the result, not the process!&&&Wow. Im currently walking around with twists and praying to GOD that it comes out decent this time 🤧 Sometimes less IS better!!"
Nerdy_Professor,bhitml,"I wash, moisturize and go. Not really sure what my texture is, I think I'm 3B, high-porosity. But it's my lazy go to."
PeacesofAutumn,bhitml,"I’ve spent hours twisting my hair thinking I’ll have a cute twist out and it’s a mess. The week I detangle in the shower, apply product to four sections and go I get a million compliments lol. Sometimes the less is better."
ScaredThug,bhitml,"My wng is pretty easy. I detangle in the shower with conditioner, rinse most of it out, put in product, shake and plop with a tee. Done."
Worstmodonreddit,bhitml,My hair would be one big knot if I did this
ateeightate,bhitml,"I just wash and go. I have a kinkier texture so shrinkage is powerful force. And, as a result, I can count on having a cute afro. Also, I know that product will make it more defined and may add that in it. But, 4C hair definitely allows me to wash and go."
breester7,bhitml,"IIRC, the term Wash and Go arose from trying to make our look the way it does when you step out of the shower and your curls are in it's natural state, *as if* you did just wash your hair and go, but with more hold to last throughout the week. My hair is super defined and curly when I step out of the shower. I'm not faking some other curl pattern when I do a wash and go, I'm still embracing my natural curls, but I want it to last and not constantly have to manipulate it. My hair looks crazy and hella matted when I wake up after sleeping on it, without product the curls would be frizzy and flat lol. 

But I get where you're coming from. However wash and go was meant to describe the results, not the process. Super misleading. But hey, to each her own. Even with the two products I use my hair is still super soft and healthy, and my curls can live to their full potential this way!"
cslrc,bhitml,"The reason why my ""wash 'n' go"" takes more than an hour is that I dedicate my time on finger-detangling my long, dense, 3b kinky curly hair in a gentle way and make sure the product is distributed well on my hair. After cleansing, I deep condition which I squish-to-condish off after the treatment, and apply a conditioner to leave on, a cream, a serum and optionally a gel. I don't feel like setting even more time aside for shingling, so I just let it dry."
ellamaii,bhitml,"Honestly though, my hair when I do a wash and go looks the same as my natural texture, all the gel is doing is lessening the frizz. I wouldn't say that's not embracing one's natural texture. Gel doesn't give you curls that you don't have. My thing is, if you want to wash, moisturize and go, then you can wash moisturize and go! And if that youtuber likes to take 30 minutes shingling every curl then that's good for them! I like to use them as more of a guide and take what they do kind of with a grain of salt because I am aware that they do that for a job and therefore they have all day to be doing that. What I will say though is just because someone posts a tutorial, doesn't obligate anyone to follow it."
iownakeytar,bhitml,"I stopped using a lot of products and my curls seem much happier for it. Most days I just use conditioner and diy whipped Shea butter, wrap it up in a microfiber turban to get the excess water out, shake out my curls and go."
juniper_fox,bhitml,"I mean I did a wash and go basically the over day. I did an acv rinse (I'd washed with shampoo the day before) and then just added leave in conditioner and a moisturizer. I fluffed my hair and went to work and I've been wearing it since Tuesday. I'm gonna detangle again soon but once you find products that work for you, you may be able to do it tbh. There was a time I never would have been able to do that before work."
lavasca,bhitml,"Actually they can be...

I thought that’s what it meant so that is what I sid. It worked fine. Keep a spritz bottle with you and it might work.

It also depends on weather and climate.

It  depends on a lot of other things too but you’re free to do it and decide whether you like the result."
mjslater,bhitml,I used to do the long process of wash and go after watching tutorials on it. Now I’ve entered the stage of lazy where I literally wash my hair (or just rinse it) rub some oil through it and go. I don’t care if a couple of strands are frizzy or curl differently than the rest. I’m just too lazy to care. I also work outside and usually wear a t-shirt and jeans to work so I don’t have to look as put together as others.
quickish_dragonfly,bhitml,"I thought the entire aim of a wash n go was to literally wash hair, throw some leave in, a cream and half a tub of gel on my hair.  The problem with some of these youtubers is that they have the TIME to be shingling hair, and spending 8 hours carefully shaping their hair. I'm lucky if I can squeeze in a ten minute detox tea into my day lol!

The majority of the time I just pull my hair into a bun or a high puff and call it quits."
shelswirly,bhitml,"Do you pineapple your hair at night? I wash and go and learned how to make it last for 3-5 days by pineappling! In fact, my day 3 and 4 hair gets the most compliments. I used to think it was impossible for me to not re-wet my hair every single day and my life has changed forever after learning"
spideyowl,bhitml,Ok but then I look like Grandad from Boondocks and we can’t have that 😭
theoaway56,bhitml,"So glad to see this post. I have finally found a wash n go process that turns out the way I want and requires 2-4 products and 2 steps. 

Literally wash my hair, deep condition and then use conditioner to style my hair and a mousse to help set. The drying can be arduous but the results are bomb."
AppeaseMyDelusions,bhiloq,if the acv and shampoo didnt work..i would recommend keep them up and off your neck. You may be just allergic and need to update on your bendryll supply
MyMindIsMyMess,bhiloq,Did the acv work
boopieboopieboopie,bhiloq,"Box braid help- NECK is itchy!&&&I recently got some shoulder length pink box braids, and I’ve had a few problems. They’re slipping out on the daily, my scalp is itchy (expected), but worst of all is my neck is itchy. I can’t wear them down because it is so irritating. I think I may have just gotten cheap hair, but I’m not sure. I didn’t wash the hair beforehand, but since having them put in I’ve soaked them in apple cider vinegar and shampooed them to get rid of any chemicals. Any and all help is appreciated! I’m going INSANE"
Littlebrownfoxx,bhfrxj,"Just get a hair cut from a decent place that has good reviews for natural hair. Get it cut now so it has a chance to grow out before your prom.

And yes it’s worth spending a little extra for your prom haircut. There are like 3 times in your life where a good hair cut will matter and your prom/graduation is probably one of those times."
Zaares,bhfrxj,"Is it okay to cut my hair a bit every day so it stays the same length?&&&Hey, I hope this is the right sub to ask this.

&#x200B;

So in one month I have my graduation and prom and all of that, the thing is that I like how my hair is right now, but it's starting to be too long. But I don't want to go to the barbershop cause I'm afraid of having it badly for graduation. I don't trust barbers...

&#x200B;

My question is, if I cut my hair a bit every day or twice a week, will it stay the same or will it be noticeable that I did those unprofessional cuts? (And by cutting I mean like 1 milimeter, not too much, just whatever amount of hair grows daily)

&#x200B;

In case you're curious, my hair is mop-topish with my hairline in the middle (so when the wind hits my face I have young DiCaprio's hair but when not I just have a full fringe covering my forehead, kind of like The Beatles or young Justin Bieber). And the fringe is starting to cover my eyes... Oh and btw, I'm a male.

&#x200B;

PS: I hope you understood my post, I'm not a native english speaker.&&&Well, not everyday but, once a week? (or whenever I notice my fringe is starting to hide my eyes)

&#x200B;

Just to mantain it a the same length for one month."
yoozername123,bhfrxj,"There is no way you'll be able to cut your own hair every day with it ending up completely even. Hair doesn't grow at a constant rate either, it depends on how your eating and treating your body. Definitely don't do it."
blacknred522,bhafc9,Just stick with it until the months turn to years
didyousaypizza,bhafc9,Fellas that started with twa...&&&What was your breakthrough? I've only been on this journey for a month or so and have been feeling super stagnant. No growth. Not enough moisture. What did you all do?&&&I know for a fact (like 99.987% sure) that I'm low porosity. I just can't find products that are in stores for it. I've spent hours looking for direction and always seem to wind up in the same place.
halfandbad,bhafc9,My bf didn’t start seeing real progress until he started paying attention to the porosity of his hair and tailored products to match it!
HeyItsKimberlee,bh9wfc,"Best gel for thick, type 4 hair?&&&I’m running out of my current styling gel and looking for a new one for mostly twistouts and braidouts but with a good, strong hold. My hair is thick, type 4 kinky hair..4b and on. What’s a gel that you love? 
I was thinking about the Keracare line, there’s a jelly that looks like it has a good hold, anyone try that? 
Currently I am using the Jane Carter Solution Elongating Gel and while it smells nice, it’s a thin gel that doesn’t hold my hair much.
Thank you in advance!&&&I used the olive oil one long ago, I’m gonna look into the Black Castor one. I hear the Argan Oil one is good too.&&&Eco styler is so popular, definitely going to have to try it thanks!&&&Oh thanks for the suggestion!"
MsTreme,bh9wfc,Cantu Twist and Lock Gel has been good so far for me. It really moisturized and defined my curls.
qblakeuk,bh9wfc,The best ones I can recommend  are the [ECO Styler Argan Oil Styling Gel](https://www.blackbeautique.com/products/eco-styler-professional-styling-gel-with-argan-oil) or [ECO Styler Olive Oil Styling Gel](https://www.blackbeautique.com/products/eco-style-olive-oil-styling-gel)  which are probably the most popular and are great value for money.However besides those two I can also vouch for [**Aunt Jackie's Don't Shrink Flaxseed Elongating Curling Gel**](https://bit.ly/2TLlCQq)  great formula doesn't flake and provides excellent hold. I use it for my protective styles and edges.
t-swish-sweetie,bh9wfc,There’s old faithful eco styler (I prefer the olive oil or black castor and flaxseed oil one) and then there’s Aunt Jackie’s flaxseed Don’t Shrink
PinkPurse12,bh0snf,Why is my scalp still itchy even after I oil it?&&&&&&No&&&Interesting....what about olive oil
Port64,bh0snf,"I agree with washing with shampoo. I’d recommend a sulfate free one though. I went through a similar  period with the same issue. I’d scratch my head but nothing would really be under my finger nails. Turns out the shampoo or conditioner I was using was irritating my scalp. Who knew. I switched brands and haven’t had an issue since. 
In my quest to get relief, I bought this “Soothing and Anti Irritating SOS serum with Peony” by Klorane from Ulta. It’s in a little pink bottle. I also got a spray called Trust Issues by IGK. The bottle has a snake on it. It’s an “Instant Scalp Balancing Treatment” I don’t think that did anything. The Klorane product I liked a lot and still use from time to time."
foxxa121,bh0snf,Could be product build up. Recommend adding a few drops of tea tree oil to whatever you use on your scalp. It’s anti-fungal and antibacterial properties work wonders for itchy scalps.
hey_effie_hey,bh0snf,Maybe your scalp is just dirty (possibly from product buildup) and needs to be washed. Or is dry and needs moisture (water).
jojo571,bh0snf,"You might have some form of dermatitis.  The oil you are using may be interacting badly with your skin.  You might be having a reaction to a build up or even to dirt, dandruff or sweat.  Try washing with a mild shampoo, using a lighter oil like grapeseed and adding a good essential oil like tea tree or lavender.

Finally, try any one of these home remedies for itchy scalp...

 Home Remedies for Itchy Scalp  

1. Tea Tree Oil  

Tea tree oil, with its powerful natural antifungal, anti-inflammation, and antibacterial properties, can be used to treat itchy scalp. 

You can use tea tree oil in various ways, for instance: 

You can add 10 to 20  drops of tea tree oil to one-half cup of baby shampoo and use it daily until the condition of your scalp improves.  

2. Lemon Juice  

Lemon juice will help treat an itchy and dry scalp because of its antiseptic properties. It is particularly useful when dealing with dandruff. 

You can simply apply fresh lemon juice thoroughly on the scalp. Leave it on for five minutes and then shampoo your hair. If you do not have dandruff, dilute the lemon juice in water.  

&#x200B;

3. Baking Soda  

Another readily available ingredient that can relieve an itchy scalp is baking soda. It helps relieve itching by exfoliating the scalp and controlling dandruff caused by overactive fungi. 

Make a paste with baking soda and water and apply it directly onto your scalp. For best results, rub some olive oil on your scalp before applying the baking soda paste. 

Allow it to soak into your scalp for 10 to 15 minutes and then rinse well with water.  

4. Apple Cider Vinegar  

Rinse your hair and scalp with water and allow it to dry. Mix equal amounts of apple cider vinegar and water and pour the mixture into a spray bottle.

 Apply this mixture directly onto your scalp with the help of cotton balls. Spray it on your scalp. After few minutes, shampoo with normal water. 

 5. Aloe Vera  

Aloe vera gel contains moisturizing properties, which may relieve excessive dryness and itching. If fresh aloe vera gel is not available, you can purchase the gel. Spread some fresh aloe vera gel onto your scalp using your fingers. Allow it to sit for 10 to 15 minutes and then wash your hair with a mild shampoo.  

&#x200B;

6. Clay Mask

Bentonite,  Rhassoul Clay, Aztec Healing Clay (all work, especially mixed with ACV and Honey)

Clay masks cleanse the hair and scalp and remove dead skin cells. 

&#x200B;

Green Beauty on You-Tube is my goto for DIY recipes

[https://youtu.be/aP7RKfie5oQ](https://youtu.be/aP7RKfie5oQ)

&#x200B;

There are a whole bunch of recipes available on her channel.  Good luck!"
k4tp33,bh0snf,Are you allergic to an ingredient in one of the products you use?
legatron27,bh0snf,It could be that you're suffering from build up rather than a dry scalp. Clarifying shampoos and oiling your scalp with diluted tea tree oil could help!
moburkes,bh0snf,"All oils aren't necessarily anti-itch. You need an anti-itch ""product"" to stop the itch. I add neem oil to my oils to stop the itch."
positivelyudo,bh0snf,"The oil is feeding bacteria on your scalp and causing inflammation, use only noncomedegenic oils like argan oil"
LibrarySuicide,bh0hk2,"Hair Length For Braids&&&How long does my hair need to be before I can braid it? This is the length when combed out [length](https://i.imgur.com/bn3nNdu.jpg) and for a bonus round this is how I wear it most days [daily](https://i.imgur.com/0zsArXr.jpg), if I pull the strands they reach to about just below my ears which I guess is about 4 inches in places. I did have a go at braiding it a few months ago but it wouldn't sit flat and I looked like an upside down spider. I want a protective style so I can grow it longer as it seems to be growing super slow (it's taken since last October to get it this long) and I think braids are my favourite.

Thanks in advance."
cet050490,bh0hk2,You can definitely have any type of braids at that length.
sqwzmahmeatybts,bh0hk2,"Go for it, nothing stopping you, especially not length!"
