index,id,comments
PigmentedLady,akihxs,"Twists outs: Its all about technique. What is your technique?&&&I see some troubles in this department and I see so many of us try to achieve it.

I will give some knowledge about my hair and then tell you the technique I *use* 

 Hair description: 

Type: 4 A, B, C

Texture: Coarse & Curly

Porosity: Low

Density: Thick to Medium 

Elasticity: Medium to High 


Side note: Researching and identifying my hair structure helped me saved hundreds, probably thousands of dollars. I no longer use 5+ products to achieve my styles, encourage length, or prevent breakage. I've noticed in this group hardly anyone gives hair descriptions, and although you may have a pictures, descriptions are equally important. For people like me I can easily name products right off the bat with the description alone. So if you read this, try to understand your hair effectively. That way when it's time to post on here, Facebook, or Instagram you can get accurate results on product recommendation. 

Now back to twist outs...



My routine to achieve this style (note: very descriptive): 

1. I use an oil and homemade leave-in conditioner infused water. I spritz, not wet, a section in order for it to become soft enough to run my fingers through it. I then separated the strands of my hair, searching for any fairy knots or anything similar to prevent my hair from tearing when I use my pick. 

-I use the pick, from the root on down, to push tangled knots, loose hair, etc to the bottom as far as I can without pain. Once I push everything to the bottom I use my fingers again to separate my strands and easily get everything out. This technique prevents: breakage, pain, split ends, and hair stuck in whatever utensil you choose to detangle with. 
-You want your hair smooth out. You may use a brush to keep the hair in a certain direction. 

2. After the dampness, I then apply my oil infused shea butter, and separate oil infused herbs. 

-Make sure the shea butter is *WARMED*. Do not heat in the microwave. And matter fact stop using microwaves lol that shit send waves to your skin epidermis and all, but that's another convo. Melt the shea butter into a pan or put it by the heater like I'm doing now lol. I apply the shea, then oil, on damp hair. 
-I dont drench my hair in oil or butter. I only put enough to last for a week or more. I typically add a lot of butter, moreso than oil, because of the thickness. This is a prep that I like to do, because it keeps my hair extra moisturize than I normally wood. I would use an apology: You're going on a trip for a couple days but you have to water your garden. Before you leave you make sure you give the flowers *extra* water and other nutrients so it can survive throughout those couple days. Makes sense? 

3. I twist! 

-Might spritz one more time so my hair can *store* the water like flowers. 

4. Finally, I wait till it drys and I take it out. There goes my twist. 


Another thing you have to know which style is better for your hair. Example my curls dont come out as *defined* in regular twist but when I do my *FLAT TWIST OUTS*... That's my whole style for about 8 days. Almost two weeks. My hair comes out like a wig when I flat twist. Now my hair still pop with regular twists but not as much as the flat. And it seems other naturals agree with me as well on this one, so it's more about what your hair can do/likes typa' ting! 



What I dont do: 

-Force a comb or hand in my hair

-Wet my hair

-Drench in oil/butter

-Use products with more than 10 ingredients, and 3+ unrecognized ingredients

-Use more than 4 products. 

-Constantly manipulate, touch, or wet my hair



To preserve: 

Loosely twist at night 

Be lazy and leave it lol, I sleep on a satin pillow sheet 

Wear it in colorful scarves on cloudy, humid, snowy days 



But wait how long is your hair? 

My hair is way past bra strap. It used to be longer than that until I gotten flat iron happy and had to cut the dead ends off. But length shouldn't matter. It's about the health of your hair sis and bros, and anyone in between 😘 


Any questions? Post your techniques? Cant identity something? I can shoot you some links! 

Thank you for your kindness! Yall better thank me too. I'm sitting up here doing my hair as we speak, but my hands are tired. And while I'm breaking it right now, I thought about sharing what I know and helping you all out. I love you! 

&&&I actually plan in selling my products in the future so i cant give specific details BUT; 


I whip the shea butter or melt it in a pain. I add essentials, I add herbs. I also use different types of waters; 

Potato, rose, rice, or onion water. That makes my hair soft. I just experiment with trial and error and working on making a diagram on specific oils and herbs to use for the hair. 


I make a huge batch if it's with oils and butter. I make a smaller one if it has onion water :) because its onions lol. 

However I do love my melted shea butter a lot. You can just use plain shea butter but make sure to coat all of your strands.&&&Btw: I hand make my products. I dont use creams all the time bc sometimes it make my hair too soft and it doesnt hold long enough. The water itself will keep the hold in my hair. 

I use creams for softeners or when I want to be a bit fancy in the texture and look of my hair. 

As far as creams..i dont like how majority of it make my hair too hard. I avoid store bought creams a lot bc a lot of it have ingredients I'm not too fond of. Sometimes I cant tell if the water in the cream can keep the hold or is it a chemical that I personally havent evaluated yet.

"
anotherwaytry,akihxs,"What do you use to make your hair products? 
Do you make a huge batch or just enough for the week."
curlgarden,akihxs,"when i twist my hair i start on damp hair. i’ve done twist on wet hair and dry hair but i get my best results when i start on damp hair. 

i work in sections: 
i start from the back of my head straight across and work my way towards the front. 
I’ll respritz with water if hair dries by the time i get to it, but I’ll add the leave-in, a dime size of whatever twisting product i am using and then twist. 

twisting hack: start twist by pulling 1st strand around and then twist that same strand (like you are doing a coil) before you twist the 2nd strand. my twist-out comes out soooo defined with that little trick. 

and then i use whatever oil is near and seal in the moisture by rubbing that down each individual twist. 
I’ll leave this in for about 3 days then untwist. "
ChocolateGlamazon27,akeaun," 

>So my questions (FINALLY, right?)  
>  
>What do I get as a ""starter kit"" - tools, combs, products?  
>  
>And how do I encourage her to take charge of her own beauty?

My approach is more unorthodox - just take her to a black natural hair stylist or a black stylist and let them teach her. Natural hair is rooted in black heritage and culture and it isn't something that can be easily taught if you are not part of it. 

Please take her to a stylist who shares her cultural heritage. 

&#x200B;&&&> Do you all make a calendar event to post here at the same time? Lol 

This. 

&#x200B;"
himynameismaryjane,akeaun,"Do you all make a calendar event to post here at the same time? Lol 

You both should explore the natural hair world on YouTube. You can get product lists there and see what they do in their hair. 

She should focus on finding her hair porosity, that will tell her what products will work for her. 

You could also look for natural black hair stylists in your area and take her there to learn from someone directly. "
infinitejezebel,akeaun,"I need help from this community and it's touchy.&&&Hi. Thanks in advance for any suggestions. 

I am a white woman with a niece who has a mixed race friend. 

All her life, this young lady has lived with her white mom. Her father's relatives did spend a lot of time with her when she was younger. 

She has lovely hair, but she hates it. I believe she was taught to be ashamed of it, by both sides of her family. Over the last couple of years as I have gotten to know her, she has begun to share stories of how her black grandmother would ruthlessly brush her hair straight and give her harsh straightening treatments. Her white mother would refuse to touch it, saying she should just ""put it up"" because ""what else could she do?""

She is 18 now, and she asked me in May (during a girl's trip with my niece and several other friends) to braid her hair like I was doing the others. 

And I was at a complete loss. Absolutely I want to help all young women feel pretty and special but I AM NOT EQUIPPED. 

There are so many cultural grace notes to a situation like this.

So here's what I have done so far: first off I said ""absolutely I will"" and braided two overbraids down the top of her head. 

They pretty much sucked but they were recognizeable as braids. And she felt pretty. 

Since then, it's become a thing when we hang out. I do everyone's hair (these girls are my adopted brats and there are six of them) and I do Carlie's too. We've started playing with puffs and more intricate braids. We went to a parade yesterday and I made double low puffs at her nape, three angled braids on the side, and a fro-hawk. It was super cute. I started using conditioners (i happen to have difficult hair so I had some garnier butter cream on hand and that made it ""normal"" for me to use it on her too)

But the problem is that in between visits, she shame-brushes her hair into a struggle bun and freaking hates her head. 

It is so past time for my young friend to learn to adore this part of herself and I am fully out of my depth. 

I do not want to be a Dangerous Minds woman. 

I want her to come in contact with a community who understands the struggles of being mixed and how to feel beautiful in all her glory. 

Today, we are going to Sally to get some things so she can start caring for herself. 

So my questions (FINALLY, right?)

What do I get as a ""starter kit"" - tools, combs, products?

And how do I encourage her to take charge of her own beauty?

Thank you. Thank you so much for any advice.&&&I agree with you, which is why I posted here. I wanted to do that but through our discussions it became clear that she was uncomfortable with that step. Her upbringing was a little...weird...

The very good news is that when we went to Sally yesterday, the stylist on duty was a black woman with amazing waist length natural hair who worked very hard to get it that way and had a very chill, matter-of-fact personality which helped Carlie be comfortable asking her a lot of questions. She said basically what a previous commenter said - youtube videos, get to a black salon for some one-on-one lessons, and she looked at her hair and put together a restorative package of products to start. 

It was great.

Thank you for your comment!&&&Thank you, u/himynameismaryjane !!! We're at Sally now and as luck would have it the stylist on duty is very knowledgeable so we are off to a good start AND i sounded smarter than I am by asking about porosity! :)

And did we? Oh lol that is too funny!!!"
Ace_Turnip,ak8864,How do you take care of Marley twists and keep your hair moisturized underneath?&&&
PigmentedLady,ak8864,"Dip the beginning of the hair you use in oils and butter, matter fact drench it. 

Moisturize and seal your hair. 


This sounds like a mess but if your hair is thick as hell it can truly benefit and keep the parts of your hair you *cant* reach, moisturized for almost 2 months. 

"
Stb32601,ak8864,Dilute leave in conditioner in a spray bottle and spray often to keep it moisturized. Wrap them or put them in a bonnet at night 
carmieeee,ak8864,"Honestly, I moisturize the hell out of my hair before I put it in twists. I add lots of moisturizing cream prior to twisting and oil my scalp weekly while it’s in the twists. My hair has grown a lot and is healthy although I have colored ends. I typically keep mine in for a month and when I take them down my hair (4b) is really soft and not dry at all. "
spicegrl1,ak8864,"Yup, I used a ton of light oil, then layered a ton of eco styler on top. I have low porosity hair."
Bobelle,ak7wwv,I don't cowash at all.
HeyItsKimberlee,ak7wwv,I don’t cowash at all. I wash my hair every 2 weeks.
Sledgehammers,ak7wwv,"Do what feels right for you. I personally just don't have the time, don't like manipulating my hair that much, and since I air dry I'd have to walk around for ages with wet hair (I hate that). I tend to cowash once a week and shampoo every other week (need to get rid of that buildup). "
That1guy17,ak7wwv,For me every 2 days is good
Wakeup-flawless,ak7wwv,"Personally, I cowash my hair a few times a week. I use a lot of eco styler so I need to wash it out and  my hair needs the moisture. I have high porosity thin 4a 4b hair."
bubblegumsparkles,ak7wwv,"Sometimes everyday, my hair reacts well to a lot of cowashing"
clyson,ak7wwv,Do yall cowash everyday?&&&I was wondering if I could or should just stick with 2x a week&&&That definitely makes sense. But it isn't needed correct?
justswimfree,ak7wwv,"I don't because I don't like manipulating my hair that often and I want to save my products as much as I can. If you like you do it everyday you can, but I would be careful. "
thewitchof-el,ak7wwv,I never cowash my hair. I wash my hair once a week & I’m good. I just use the LOC method to retain moisture & I have low porosity 4a/4b hair. 
Beautyinloss,ak3xfr,"I only use protein treatments (aphogee) after taking down box braids/sew ins. So anywhere from every 8-12 weeks. I pull a curl, first, and it bounces back I’ll skip protein. If it doesn’t, protein it is. "
Bobelle,ak3xfr,"I don't protein treat my hair, but my leave in, rinse out and deep conditioner have protein in it."
Jazzers88,ak3xfr,I do protein treatments same day as clarifying which is every 6weeks. Just makes sense to me 🙂
PigmentedLady,ak3xfr,"Never. How do you know, or who told you your hair needs protein?"
Urikalynn_,ak3xfr,"My hair is lacking a lot of protein so for right now I wash my hair once every 3 weeks and use a protein deep conditioner and a protein conditioner and I’ve only been doing two strand twist because it’s the only way I can keep moisture in my hair lately lol.

 It depends on your hair honestly I’ve been stacking up on protein for a month and once it gets back to normal I’ll prob calm down. 

When I first went natural I went to a natural hair salon and just had them access my hair and it really helped for what I needed to focus on. "
_CoachMcGuirk,ak3xfr,"i just cut out all protein (among a few other changes) and my hair has NEVER been more moisturized.

so never. only protein my hair is getting is from the inside."
iamCHIC,ak3xfr,Every 6 weeks. 
iownakeytar,ak3xfr,Never. My hair hates protein.
mousemarie94,ak3xfr,"I protein treat once a month and I also use a protein keratin shampoo every other week. Otherwise it is moisture, moisture, moisture. "
sdjm815,ak3xfr,Protein treatments every 1.5-2 weeks. I wash my hair a lot so it gets over moisturized often. 
sqoorelfreend,ak3xfr,Never tbh
thewitchof-el,ak3xfr,"How often do you protein treat your hair?&&&Hi!

I've restarted up my natural hair journey after realizing that I need to take better care of it. I was going through some stressful transitions in my life last year which resulted in me paying less attention to my hair.

In December I started up a new routine, which involves:

- Washing my hair once a week (been doing this since day one regardless, always worked for me)

- Flip between protein & deep conditioning hair every other week. For example I deep conditioned my hair today, next Saturday will be protein week, week after that....you get the picture. I also make sure I do a deep protein treatment once a month using the Aphogee 2-Step Protein Treatment. My other protein treatment (the weekly flip one) consists of the Aphogee 2-Minute Keratin Reconstructor which I tend to leave on my hair for 5-10 minutes.

Since switching up to this style & using the LOC method, I've noticed that my hair looks healthier and my curls have got their groove back. Just wondering what others do when it comes to protein treating their hair."
twixe,ak3xfr,Every two weeks
ChocolateGlamazon27,ak2lqv,"Are your parents African or Afro-Caribbean? I've found black parents from the islands and the continent tend to be more blunt and unfiltered 

The best way to neutralise those comments is to (respectfully) tell your parents that you love how you look and you know it looks good. Humour is a dope way to diffuse things like ""Dad, in my Michael Jackson voice, you know I look good so quit hating lol"""
FyreSign,ak2lqv,"You can still have these feelings as they will have theirs. However, you need to do what feels good to you and learn to ignore ignorant comments and rise above them. Even if they come from your parents. 

Be proud of yourself and have confidence in your decisions! 

Maybe even have a conversation with them telling them how you feel when they make comments like those. 

Good luck and rock that natural girl! ✊🏽"
elinaia,ak2lqv,"Being less sensitive?&&&So my hair has been natural for most of my life, but it was always tied back and slicked down because my parents thought Afro hair was untidy. Now I do my hair myself, and I’ve been experimenting with wash and gos to give my edges a break. However, I am always told that my hair looks “too much” or I should just tie it back. Constructive criticism is always good, and I’m learning, but today I was proud of my wash and go and my dad straight up just told me to wear a hat because it didn’t look good. I felt like crying, even though I know it looks fine. How do you combat these feelings?"
Bobelle,ak1cjz,"10-24 hours if drying is included for me because I air dry and I like to make sure that my hair is fully dry before moisturising/styling.

3-4 hours otherwise. These 3-4 hours consist of finger detangling under running water in 16 sections, washing, conditioning, deep conditioning, combing in sixteen sections and rinsing.

Why am I being downvoted?"
FyreSign,ak1cjz,"Maybe an hour, if that. I wet it, put conditioner in it to comb through. Then hop in the shower, rinse it out, shampoo rinse, conditioner rinse and done. "
HeyItsKimberlee,ak1cjz,"I have big, thick hair but I try to get the wash and styling(usually 2 strand twists) all done in 2-3hrs. But I usually sit with my hair in a T-shirt for a little before styling. Styling my hair always takes an hour."
annc4057,ak1cjz,"Speaking of wash day, mine is today. If I'm lucky I'll get done in about 3-3.5 hours. I usually do small twists on my hair so that's what takes the longest "
blackmagickchick,ak1cjz,If we aren't counting pre-poo (because I do that overnight) roughly 1 to 2 hours depending if I'm deep conditioning or not.
breezesmart,ak1cjz,"Same. It depends on what all I’m doing. Typically I’ll wash, detangle, and twist for stretching one day then style the next. "
coconutmillk,ak1cjz,"i do everything in the shower as well:

10 min to shampoo, finger detangle and apply deep condish

15 to let hair absorb the condish while i wash/shave/exfoliate/etc. the rest of my body

10-15 min to rinse and apply my styler to truly soaking wet hair

done!

doing everything in the shower was a game changer for me. i keep a mirror in there and it makes applying everything so much easier. 

usually takes 4-5 hours to fully air dry and sometimes i diffuse if i get impatient (hair is apl). "
curlgarden,ak1cjz,"wash day?&&&how long is y’all wash day? from start to finish 

I’m growing out a twa so about an hour and that includes drying time "
missb3,ak1cjz,"2-3 hours for me which includes detangling before washing, washing & conditioning, deep conditioning and styling (I have 3b/3c hair and usually do my wash n go on sunday then just do chores around the house while I let my hair air dry)"
n_kaye,ak1cjz,"If I’m being good and detangling/twisting, I’m looking at about 3-4 hours"
pikkonoloidlee,ak1cjz,I can do a wash day in about 45 min but sometimes I deep condition overnight and rinse and style the next day so that adds a lot of hours. I don't include drying time because I air dry and it can take over 24 hours for my hair to dry. I do everything including styling while I'm in the shower and the longest parts of my hair are around apl.
plumgum,ak1cjz,"Without deep conditioning, about 2 hours

With deep condition, about 3 hours

If my hair is really tangled or i’m taking out a protective style, then 4-6 hours"
rossablue,ak1cjz,1-3 hours depending on whether I deep condition and the style. I usually do a wash and go and diffuse to dry (this I can do in 1.5 hours).
Urikalynn_,ajyfju,Same. They basically took a very small comb and took them out with lots of conditioner like you said I just think the main thing is getting a trim after because OP will have very tragic split ends from this process but it’s better than shaving it completely 
empnuev,ajyfju,"I’ve seen a few tutorials on YouTube where you can undo your dreads with A LOT of conditioner. It may take few hours, but it can be done."
livesarah,ajyfju,A few hours is an understatement.
notdaBroccoli,ajyfju,"I had just about 100 locs. To took about 30 mins to detangle one loc. To take down the whole head was 9 days. Never again.

As far as the process, I would wet several locs and soak with condition. I detangled using a rat tail comb.  I started at the crown so i could conceal the loose hair in a ponytail.

Really the worse part was the hand and finger pain.
Oh, let me not forget the neck pain!

I would suggest enlisting the help of a friend. &&&With trimming I lost about 1.5 inches."
saylilbitch,ajyfju,Is it possible to undo my dreads?&&&I'm about a year and a month in and I really only did it for growth. My grandmother chose to do the crochet method because it was easier on her hands. I guess I should've asked for braids and not dreads but hindsight is 20/20. I do like how I look with my hair this long and I don't want to have to wait another year to get back to where I am. Am I screwed or can I salvage this?
FlowerShine2U,ajw296,I like twist outs or low ponytail. Be yourself. 
HeyItsKimberlee,ajw296,"I can’t imagine a twistout not looking work appropriate. I have worn my two strand twists pulled back in a low ponytail,high bun, etc, in corporate setting and not had a problem.  In the end, wear your hair how you feel most comfortable so you aren’t thinking about it during the interview."
amaysing1993,ajw296,"Hairstyles for Job interview&&&Hi everyone, 

I have a job interview on Wednesday. A lil about me and the position. Im a 2nd year transfer student at Cal Poly (pomona-huuuge difference than SLO in terms of tolerance towards minorities). I applied for a clerical assistant on campus and this will be my 4th on campus interview. I have never been successful in landing a job. 
My hair goes a few inches past my bra strap. Ive been natural my whole life but occassionally i flat iron my hair with my babyliss pro. In the past, I have flat ironned my hair for job interviews. However ive been wearing twist outs and bantu knots as of lately. The position calls for the ability to work with various ethnic and cultually diverse student populations so Im wondering if my hair will play a role in being successful for the interview. 
People usually say I look younger and friendlier with my hair curly. However, I do not know if bantu knots or twist outs are acceptable for job interviews. 
I want to appear to be as approachable as possible, and CPP loves diversity. But I dont know what I should do with my hair. 

Any recommendations on styles would be appreciated. "
heeyebsx13,ajw296,"I know this may seem naive, however for ME, I wear my hair how I please (Afro, twist, twist out). I refuse to alter my hair to appease anyone, and honestly I wouldn’t want to be at a company that would judge me based on my natural hair. 
So... wear your hair the way that makes you happiest when you look in the mirror :)"
yourbestbudz,ajw296,Go on Pinterest. A lot to help you there. 
SeeSeeMonkeyMee,ajuz39,So TWAs count?
TheYellowRose,ajuz39,/r/afros is under new management! Come share your afro selfies with us&&&&&&of course!
ChocolateGlamazon27,ajrvh7,JBCO. IC Fantasia Heat Protectant Serum. Jojoba Oil. Coconut Oil. Creme of Nature Argan Buttermilk (best product I've ever used for 4c hair). I like Dr Miracle as well. 
curlgarden,ajrvh7,"product stash?&&&i don’t wanna consider myself a product junkie. I just get super sucked into wanting to try new products lol. 

what brands are in your product stash? 

in my stash:
earthborn organics 
the mane choice - 4 leaf clover collection
bask & bloom 
curls 
adwoa beauty 
mielle organics- pomegranate & honey collection&&&I’ll have to check that creams of nature argan buttermilk out. "
pikkonoloidlee,ajrvh7,"Currently I have kinky curly, jakeala, olaplex, arctic fox, mielle, shea moisture, aphogee, the mane choice, alba botanica, lush, mizani, queen helene, ecostyler, plus whatever brand oils I happen to buy."
AdamantiumFoil,ajli4i,Look up 'shingling'. You could also try finger coils!
HeyItsKimberlee,ajli4i,"I have applied product to soaking wet hair, while still in the shower..guessing that’s the maximum hydration method but correct me if I’m wrong. That’s gotten me the most clumping/definition.

I’ve done the bentonite clay mask too and that most definitely clumps the curls."
IAmMicki,ajli4i,"Try a round of the maximum hydration method (protein, clarify, condition, clay and loc). When you get  to the clay mask step you will see your hair at it's maximum clump potential. Continue using the method to increase your hair's moisture and you'll start to see it clump when it's fully dry too."
juniper_fox,ajli4i,"[X-post] Advice on clumping type 4 hair?&&&Hey guys, I've been natural for awhile but decided to big chop last year to get rid of some heat damage. Now it's all curly and I'm thinking maybe a 4b/4c? But my question is how can I get hair to clump so the sections get larger and more defined? 

Here are pictures of my hair. The first one is a twist out and the other two are kind of it's default when I do a wash and go. 

http://imgur.com/a/DFeksNU&&&I am definitely a lazy natural lol. Finger coils would work I'm sure but I can't make myself go through my whole head. Maybe I'll make that my request next time I go to the salon lol&&&When I do it, I usually use a ton of conditioner to detangle and I like to use my denman to try and create definition while also getting the best detangle. Usually I end up leaving at least a little conditioner in if I don't just let it dry. Then I use usually a leave in, a moisturizer or pudding/souffle (if it's really dry or the weather's bad I might use both for extra moisture). I haven't used gel since I was transitioning though and maybe that's my issue? Do you have a preference?&&&Hmm I don't think it's that I don't use enough, I tend to use a lot of product and you're right, I do get better results when I apply to wet hair. Everyone seems to be saying gel and that's the only thing I *don't* use lol. It's decided, I need to go get some gel! lol thank you for answering =)&&&Yeah applying to wet hair is definitely helpful, I have bentonite clay that I used a few times and then just stopped. After reading up on it again it sounds like I should try it again. It worked but it seemed like once you rinse it out you lose most of the definition &&&I was just reading up on clay last night and thinking that I probably should have tried mine more consistently. I plan to try it again though. This plan sounds like it may work though, I'll give it a try. Thanks so much for the suggestion! =)"
rossablue,ajli4i,"You may not be using enough product. I just use conditioner and gel, and I leave in some conditioner. I also find that putting the products on my hair while still in the shower works best because my hair is very wet. Also, use a T-shirt to blot your hair after you get out of the shower. Towels will just strip your hair of product. "
tabby29,ajli4i,"How are you doing wash and go’s? When I do mine I use a TON of conditioner and shake in the shower, then rinse and apply a leave in and LOTS of gel section by section while my hair is wet, and I also use a denman brush to define my curls with the gel"
Captain_Marshmellow,ajhljc,What I've found helpful is spraying my hair with a bit of water at night and throwing it up into a pineapple or pitting a bonnet helps a lot before going to sleep. And in the morning I spray some cantu next day curl revival makes wonders. 
ChocolateGlamazon27,ajhljc,What's your ethinicity?
that-one-hot-redhead,ajhljc,"Never worn my hair natural before, how do I do it properly?&&&[removed]&&&I’m Eastern European/Danish."
Meisha2312,ajhafx,My advice would be to just focus on finding products that work for you and crrate a regimen that you never stray from
curlgarden,ajhafx,"definitely focus on nursing your scalp back to health. try making your own scalp oil or purchase from brands to combat the dryness. try jojoba and tea tree or something else. only need about 7 drops of tea tree as it is potent. 

products  will definitely come on a trial and error basis. You will have to try products and see what your hair likes best. if you are dealing with heat damage you may not feel the products are truly working for your hair. 

if you Hair does have heat damage i would say, decide if you will transition or big chop. it’s totally up to you on that decision. need any more help feel free to reach out 

"
heracado,ajhafx,"Forced to chemically treat my hair since I was 9, I don’t know what I’m doing and need some advice.&&&I really need sone help and some advice here. 

My hair is naturally 3B and was never treated properly when I was a child. My mom and sisters all have naturally straight hair and had no idea how to care for my hair. I would have to wash it everyday and put gel and mousse in it, this went on until I was 9 years old. My mom forced me to have keratin and relaxer treatments done every three months to straighten it. 

Everyday I would have to heat treat it with a blow dryer and iron, because my mom made me. I am now about to move out and want to start my natural hair journey, but have no idea where to start. Any advice and product recommendations? I want to know how to treat my hair with care and not have to wash it everyday, as I have a very dry scalp and want to keep my hair healthy. "
itsmiiesche,ajhafx,If you know your hairstyle just type into YouTube. That’s how I started and there are loads of people showing what products to use for each hair style. 
Meisha2312,ajgw8k,BEST WAY TO BOX BRAID EVER&&&[removed]
Annabana24,ajg73l,Have you tried putting your hair in twist and just wearing it like that? 
fit_girl1995,ajg73l,"Hi, soo I have a long and voluminous hair, but I do not know how to deal with it&&&I need help and tips on how to wear it when it is cold outside and I need to wear a hat. It won't fit in the hat and makes me look like an alien when I pull it to the back and do a bun. When I try to braid it, that don't work neither because when I put my Bennie on I look like I got horns. Also, braiding it requires so much maintenance since I don't use any gel to lay it down.    &&&I live in IN and it is really cold so I can't really wear it out lol my ears would freeze. "
Cyansnowflakes,ajemvk,Do all of their products contain nasty chemicals? I love their brand : (
HeyItsKimberlee,ajemvk,"Stay away from Maui moisture!! You’re in danger girl! Lol I’m serious! I used Maui because I’m vegan and I didn’t realize how bad it was for me. I would wake up with such an itchy scalp and tons of flaking. I checked on YouTube and though it’s vegan in contains like formaldehyde and all these other bad chemicals. I immediately stopped using it and my scalp was relieved. Try removing that from your regimen, even though it gives good slip. I have type 4 hair as well and Hair care lines that work for me are Jane Carter, devacurl...I haven’t used Shea moisturize in awhile but it was good too. I know everyone is different but I was singing praises for Maui before I couldn’t figure out why my hair was dry, flaky, and my scalp felt like it was on fire lol"
femmefinale,ajemvk,"First of all, kinky curls are also cute. 

Aside from that it sounds like you need a moisture routine? Google the L.o.c method! I’ve used lottabody curl activator and an oil mix that has kept my hair super moisturized and not dry looking at all. I, like you, have a mix of 4a-4c curls on my head. "
lamborginimercy,ajemvk,Do you get trims often? I find that helps me with my scraggly dry ends and single strand knots. 
raisinboots,ajemvk,"I'm struggling with my natural hair...&&&First off, my hair is SO dry. I've been natural for about 4 yrs and I feel my hair is not growing or falling unless its wet in the shower. It is about shoulder length or longer and the shrinkage is real. I'm fine with shrinkage but I dont know how to have shiny moisturized hair..
The front of my hair, is 4a/4b loser cute curls but the back is 4c kinky curls. 
I get large clumps when detangling even with slip conditioner. i dont know what I'm doing wrong. I feel like my hair is always so dry, get a lot of flakes, small knots and it tangles so easily. 
I'm currently using:
Shea moisture jamaican castor oil shampoo
I have a vegan Maui moisture conditioner bc I ran out of my shea conditioner
Aussie moist deep conditioner
Shea moisture leave in
&&&Thanks! I try to trim when I do twists. I don't go to salons because of funds and I don't trust anyone with my hair.&&&Oh god, thanks so much for the info. I definitely dont mind throwing it away, it was only 8 bucks."
CamyeMarie,aje2s5,"Are scarves professional?&&&So I'm looking into ways to not manipulate my hair too much over the winter (or period if I'm being honest). I prefer styles that last 2 weeks minimum. I like to either do flat twists or cornrows straight back because with most other styles my hair dries out quickly. The problem is that while these styles will hold okay until I need to wash again, they tend to get this frizzy look pretty early on. All the extra aside I wanted to try scarves or wraps. I work in a more professional office as my second job so I wanted to know if it'd be an unprofessional look or not."
Meisha2312,aje2s5,"I WORK IN HUMAN RESOURCES AND I 
WEAR MINES ALL THE TIME. I JAZZ IT UP THO SO IT DOESNT LOOK LIKE I JUST GOT OUT OF BED"
Urikalynn_,aje2s5,If you aren’t sure I would ask. I wear my scarfs to work when I don’t wanna take out my two strand twist but I’m a pastry chef and my hair had to be covered anyways I personally don’t see the issue with it maybe if you jazz it up and make it look “professional” you can get away with it 
eastbaymom,aje2s5,I work for a University and I wear my scarves quite often. 
luckyseaturtle,aje2s5,"If you were given one, check your employee handbook for guidelines on what's considered appropriate attire. You could also ask Human Resources. It varies from place to place. My sister works in an office setting and she wears one all the time. "
midnightmamas,aje2s5,Some places say in your contract whether or not it's acceptable. Most jobs I've worked have said that unless it is for religious purposes they are not allowed.
AfroSamurai4,ajdu4l,Tried it dye it purple and it came out HOT bubblegum pink. Still rocked it tho &&&Then I bleached it blonde and ruined my curls. So now I’m chillin on the dye. &&&Yeah i bleached it first. But the color was one hue off and I had lavender hair before that cus my old purple faded 
Cheyenne_010,ajdu4l,This has me screaming! 😭 I can’t even imagine. I would have honestly died laughing right then and there. 
FyreSign,ajdu4l,"TL:DR at bottom of post—


Once upon a time my cousin and I were babysitting my niece, who at the time was 3 years old. We decided to dye my hair. So we put on music videos, gave the kid some mac n cheese, and off we went to the bathroom. 

4 boxes of hair dye later (I have a lot of hair & it took forever), my niece comes to me and says “Auntie FyreSign, my eye is stuck.” I turn around and I’m like “what?!” Apparently she got her little hands on some nail glue my cousin had lying around and she rubbed her eye with some, glueing her eye shut! We went into full panic mode, called 911 & took an ambulance to the hospital. A few hours later, we walked out with my niece looking like a pirate with a gauze eye patch. Luckily she only glued her lashes together and her actual eyeball was fine. ((We had to put some goop on it twice a day until the glue dissolved. Which was like a week later. ))

Anyway, all this time I still had the dye in my hair! 

Once we got back from the hospital and my brother arrived to collect his pirate child, I was finally able to rinse it out. I was horrified because instead of a nice dark red that I was going for, I ended up looking like Annie. Like original movie Annie, with bright-as- the-fucking-sun orange-red hair. I took the towel off my head, saw my reflection, and burst into tears. My brother said I should dye my eyebrows to match and that karma was a bitch. We laugh about it now, but at the time it was an overwhelming night to say the least. 


TL:DR- while babysitting I dyed my hair, the kid got hurt, took her to the hospital and couldn’t rinse out the dye until we got back from said hospital. I looked like Annie after all that time with the dye in my hair."
LivingMyBestLife_,ajdu4l,"Mine was during my secondary school days, maybe 13/14.

Rihanna had just debuted her shaved sides with longer hair on top to make fringes etc and I loved it so much I decided to do the same on my 4c hair.

Went to the hairdressers, they relaxed my hair, straightened and cut it exactly how I wanted ( they kept trying to warn me, this might only continue looking the way you want it if you take care of it )

At that age I was not taking care of my hair at all and had had it in weaves or braids the majority of the time. Went to bed WITHOUT WRAPPING OR COVERING MY HAIR IN ANYWAY.

Woke up with the short areas matted together and when combing it out my hair felt burnt (and areas of my scalp as well due to the relaxer).

Didn’t like the look of the short areas anymore as that silky look I had had the previous day was gone, but I had a lot of fun styling it over the next month or so.

My hair has struggled to grow past my shoulders since then and was impressively long before then 😂
"
Meisha2312,ajdu4l,I TRIED GIVING MYSELF A BLOW OUT AND SILK WRAP BUT INSTEAD I GOT HEAT DAMAGE AND HAD TO CUT OFF 3 INCHES OF HAIR BECAUSE MY HAIR WAS FRIED. SMH BASICALLY I FORGOT TO PUT HEAT PROTECTANT AND THATS A NO NO FOR MY 4C HAIR
Shunshundy,ajdu4l,Haha tried to do ocean color like a gren blue. Came out bright blue and mom said I looked like a my little pony. 
WisherEternal,ajdu4l,"When I was teen I wore my hair straight. Most of the time I went to the salon but sometimes my mom would straighten my hair. 

Without doing any research I applied mousse to my freshly washed hair thinking it was a detangling product 😂  When she tried to get the hot comb through my hair it was like trying to straighten steel wool and I had to re wash it 😂"
annc4057,ajdu4l,A few years ago I tried to do finger coils on my hair. Never again. One it took too long and I ended up taking it down because it didn't turn out how I wanted it. It did give me some nice definition for the flat twist out I did instead. 
curlgarden,ajdu4l,"biggest fail.&&& this is a laughing post. what has been one of your biggest hair fail attempts? It can be funny or a way for y’all to give us some does and don’ts from experience. 

mine was definitely when i went natural in 2011 kinky curly was one of the main brands out at that time. i use the custard and left for the day. basically I had white hair because the product didn’t absorb in or i used to much 😂🤣 

Lesson learned: don’t try a new product knowing you have somewhere to be. &&&Oh no.  that’s why since I’ve been natural for 7 years I’ve been afraid to use heat"
mjslater,ajdu4l,"My hair turned that bubblegum pink when I was trying to remove the purple hair dye I had in. Luckily, I was dying it black and was just trying to remove as much purple as I could. 

Did you bleach your hair first and then do the purple? "
twixe,ajdu4l,"The last time I tried to wear an afro a few years ago, it took *forever*. I have several different textures on my head, and they all shrink up differently. First I had to get a head band, because the hair in the front was standing taller and wouldn't blend properly with the rest. Then when I got that situated,  I had this nice round fro but the hair in my kitchen was just dangling down my neck - it doesn’t curl as tightly, so I had a nice poofy fro and then these waves plopping out the bottom. Tucked that away, and then I get in the car and smoosh the back pancake flat against my head. :\"
wildhuntressophelia,ajdu4l,"Told myself I was gonna trim my ends before installing spring twists. For each twist I did I trimmed that section. Fast forward to me doing a silk press by myself a couple months later. My hair is straight and flowy, it stays straight for a week and no damage. 

What's the fail you ask? I had inadvertently given myself some sort of sudo mullet while doing the trim and only realized after I did the silk press. "
