index,id,comments
Rocco987,cdc5tk,Thank you
immyx,cdc5tk,I almost bought Aussie moist this weekend but for years people have been speaking against silicones so I chickened out. Has anyone used Aussie moist for a long time with positive results?
kitabita,cdc5tk,"That 3 minute deep conditioner for natural hair is the TRUTH! So affordable and really gets the job done. I always leave it on for at least 10 minutes just because I feel like 3 minutes is a lofty claim for thick natural hair. And they changed the game when they put it in the big bottle with the pump, instead of the squeeze bottle"
moonchild2998,cdc5tk,"My lazy natural thing with Aussie Moist&&&Okay, so I did it. I jumped on the Aussie Moist bandwagon just to see what all the hype was about. And honestly it was like $12 bucks to get a big bottle of shampoo, conditioner, and deep conditioner, so it wasn’t too much of a set back. One of my biggest reasons for making the switch was that I’m moving out of my house soon and I cannot afford to buy all of these ridiculously priced shampoos and conditioners anymore. And a lot of naturals are talking about it so why not?

I’ll start with the conditioner because it was the first thing I used. I wet my hair and used the conditioner to detangle and MY LORD. The tangles slipped right out of my hair. It was glorious!!! I usually don’t have a hard time detangling to begin with, but there were no snags at all, am I was coming from day two of a twist out. Awesome!

The shampoo was okay, but it made my hair feel too squeaky clean. Maybe some people like that? I don’t really care for it, but maybe it was because I used too much. I think just one pump of shampoo will work for my entire head, so next time I’ll try that. All in all, not too bad and didn’t have my ends feeling crispy, which is usually what happens when I use bad shampoo.

Then I used the three minute miracle deep conditioner. Now I don’t know about leaving deep conditioner in for just three minutes, but I wasn’t trying to get back into the shower after getting in, so three minutes was perfectly fine for the day. Next week I’ll do thirty with a cap on.

My hair felt so soft and nice! It doesn’t have a strong smell, which is good because I love for my hair to smell good and people always tells me it smells good, but honestly I get sick of smelling strong and sweet smells on my hair for long periods of time. It seriously gives me a headache and makes my pillow smell funny.

After all of that, I used some random knock off castor oil (I found at the beauty supply store that used to be a skating rink) and Aunt Jackie’s curling custard that smells like already been chewed Juicy Fruit and put my hair into two strand twist. Cause I’m lazy. I will seriously wear my hair like this until it’s time for me to go out to a formal event, and then I’ll do a twist out, but for the most part my hair is never coming down. 

 I have to moisturize ever 2-3 days. But I did my half my twist on Friday night and left the rest up in a bun because I was too lazy to finish them. When I came back to finish them this morning, my hair was STILL soft, still silky, not crispy at ALL and the only thing I had to do was spray with water to finish my twist, no extra product!

I don’t know how much anyone else cares, but if you’re like me and retain more length from low manipulation, I seriously don’t want to be in my hair moisturizing so often. I need my hair to hold its own for as long as it can. If I can just spray water on it every so often until it’s wash day or time for a proper remoisturizing, it’s a win to me!

Here’s the line up for anyone interested

Aussie Moist shampoo, conditioner, and deep conditioner

Mango and Lime castor oil with lavender (I don’t recommend this. Just get the real thick stuff. This stuff is whack and makes me hands yellow.)

Aunt Jackie’s Curl Custard (and this stuff smells like fruity booty, so I also don’t know how to feel about this).

I have 3c/4a low porosity hair.&&&This stuff is the best stuff ever!! (But let’s not talk too much about it before they try to raise the price on us smh). I can’t wait to try it for longer next week to see if I get even better results! Usually but now my hair is as dry as the Colorado Summer (cause it’s state is stealing all my damn moisture.) so if my hair can hold up for more than a couple days, that’s how I KNOW it’s real!

Can I ask if there’s a difference between the kind in the pump bottle and the kind in the squeeze bottle?&&&I’m done with the no silicones and I sulfates thing. They’re not really bad! Im sure some folks have a sensitivity to one or both, but silicones do help to retain moisture and I can tell. This is my first time using a shampoo with silicones in two or three years and I feel the difference. 

I’m kinda done listening to advice from some people because of I remember correctly, someone told us that coconut oil was the holy grail of natural hair and had all our hair falling out. We all just gotta take a risk and be the judge for ourselves!

I say BUY IT. My hair hasn’t been this moisturized and soft in ages. It’s not breaking or anything, so I say it’s fine! And it only cost a couple bucks, so if you don’t like it, you can give it to a friend!&&&Please do tell us how that works!! I tried Cantu co-wash but I could never figure out the co-wash thing&&&I definitely recommend! I’m three days post wash and I’ve only had to spray my twist with water! 

But I love good smells, but I feel like companies go overboard sometimes! I bought some main choice stuff that works good but I hate using it because it smells so strong!! I had to wash my pillow after using it because it made it reek!&&&Oof I tell you what, my ends are always crispy! And I live in Colorado, so my hair gets very dry. I get annoyed because I’ll trim my ends and then a few days or weeks later they’ll go back to being the same way, crispy. But I just checked my twist yesterday to see if I needed to moisturize again and it’s been 4 of 5 days since wash day and I didn’t need to! Ends were fine!"
nykstr,cdc5tk,"I love the Aussie Moist deep conditioner! I was just rebuying today and saw that they came out with a new co-wash! I’m excited to try it!&&&I will! Unfortunately I washed before I bought it will be a few days. 

I tried the diva curl co wash and did put it on my scalp and scrub a little. It worked well for me when I want to wet my hair to restyle but am not ready for a full shampoo yet."
sophjoscol,cdc5tk,"It's actually good that the shampoo makes your hair squeaky clean! That line- the deep conditioner and conditioner has dimethicone, a non-water-soluble silicone which is hard to remove from the hair and can cause super bad build up and prevent water/ product from being able to penetrate the hair shaft. Only shampoo with sulfate can remove that dimethicone from the hair, which is what your shampoo that dried out your hair had. Products with silicone aren't bad but I always like to remind people not to skimp out on shampoos with sulfate especially if you frequently use products with non-water-soluble silicones!"
thatsameawkwardgirl,cdc5tk,Thank you for this!! I might give it a try. I've been looking for something affordable that works well and that is hard to find!! Hopefully it can fix this crispy bacon hair of mine.
twixe,cdc5tk,You're really making me want to try this now. Especially since it doesn't have a strong smell.
Sissypud,cdadki,Wash Day!&&&I've been natural for several years now and wanted to share my favorite shampoo/conditoner combo for my low porosity 3C/4A hair: Suave Almond +Shea Butter. Very affordable and better than any other shampoo I've tried! 😊
Sissypud,cda9d3,Wash Day!&&&
NaturallyGeordann,cd7lbd,Has anyone ever tried hair paint wax on your natural hair? I finally decided to try it and I’m loving it!&&&
Wells-Fam-TV,ccyr7m,PROTECTIVE 4C HAIRSTYLE | TWA | EASY AFRO PUFF PONYTAIL&&&
nicestshawtyalive,ccs29z,"Update on the magic dollar general brush.&&&I used this on wet hair to distribute my prepoo, which was Suave coconut conditioner and okra juice.

It does have a problem with the tiny beads getting caught on a few hairs, but if you hold the brush vertically, this goes away for some reason.

I don't know if it's because my hair is coarse, but I can usually pull the hair off of the brush without breaking it when its caught, if I'm careful.

Brush was very, very good at removing shed hair, and it was much easier to part and style for my braid out. I've only had one knot.

Also: this brush seems to either be defining my curls or somehow altering my curl pattern.. Remember how I said I was 3c/4a/4b? I don't know anymore.

This brush made my hair look all 3c with some pretty large patches of 3b--the largest curls were around the size of my index finger. I didn't see much 4a or 4b at all. I'd never seen my hair look like this before."
scafemiester,ccs29z,its probably detangling it better and helping more moisture get into your strands
MemphisOshun,ccr587,"Opinions? (Doing natural hair as a side hustle)&&&I know how to do just about all of the basics (twistouts, braidouts, wash and go's, bantu knots etc), and I am thinking about charging others to do their hair. A lot of people come to me on social media wanting me to style their hair. My question is, should I get a license for this? My main source of income will be my natural hair product line (hopefully), but now I'm thinking about adding hair styling services to the side."
Zaylyn5355,ccr587,What are the laws in your state or city regarding hair styling?
funkitin,ccr587,"Depends on the type of marketing you expect to do. If you plan on just being a word of mouth, go see sis kind of kitchen stylist. Probably wouldn't need to. If you intend on marketing your services on Instagram and more which would mean more visibility, as another poster mentioned, not only for peace of mind but to demonstrate your own credibility as a natural hair stylist, check the laws in your state for licensure rules. (A lot of states don't require licensing for braided styles)"
Tammy1hairsupply,ccoig3,What heat protector are you using? Check out @Tammy's Corner on fb&&&
KiteCoin,ccnl51,Natural Me Hair Journey App&&&[removed]
UniqueLindsay,ccm7ib,Great hairstyle for short natural hair 😊!&&&
KiteCoin,ccj4x4,Natrural Me Hair Journey App&&&
DangerouslySilent,cchdav,Done! Good luck on your thesis!!
HereticalBlackGirl,cchdav,"Hiya, I took the survey!! Good luck ❤"
Liebe420,cchdav,"Opinions on customized haircare products? (College Survey, all welcome!)&&&Hi Guys,

\*Disclaimer: I'm new here and might not know the rules. Apologies in advance if I'm overstepping!

I'm doing a study as a part of my course on what are opinions and behaviours are towards customised hair care products. This is NOT an advertisement for any brand and not for external usage. All results from the survey are anonymous and it probably takes max. 5 minutes.

It'd be really interesting to pick your brain for a minute since I'm assuming members are invested into hair care regimens and products. 

[https://ww2.unipark.de/uc/Product-customization-new/](https://ww2.unipark.de/uc/Product-customization-new/)

Thanks in advance! :)"
macismycrack,cchdav,Taken the survey. Good luck :)
paceandunderstanding,cchdav,"This survey doesn’t seem to be for any type of research other than marketing.  

No questions about how to make a better product, what we want for our own sake, all the question are related to buying habits and how to sell something.

As for the custom hair care product portion I’ve seen these surveys before, it is for a company that has custom products, they’re only custom in so far as “Subway have it your way” and expensive af.  

I can’t prove that is this survey but it smells an awful lot like that company... and they haven’t proven otherwise.  

The website looks like some German University of Phoenix stuff, it’s a commercial site not hosted by a university and has testimonials.  And in any case, even at good schools, private interests can give a grant to get their research done."
somehaizi,cchdav,taken
Tendesai,ccftfb,Silver hair dye&&&Thinking of dying my (4c) hair to a sheen silver colour. Any recommendations for safe hair dye options?&&&Thank you! Do you know if they ship products internationally?
khaila_,ccftfb,"hairpaintwax.com has some nice colors that’s safe, easy to apply, and easier to wash out. I’ve done purple and blue before and it came out really nice!"
FulaniQueen,cccvd5,"Going to the beach in two weeks, what style should I wear?&&&Right now I've been wearing my fro or doing wash and gos. I'm thinking about putting in twists in my hair this weekend and taking them out the day before I hit the beach. I'm also considering crochet braids.&&&I'm going to be swimming for a bit. I'm strongly considering faux loc crochet braids."
JDnice804,cccvd5,"I just went to the beach. I had box braids. I didn’t play in the sand but did get salt water in my hair. It was so much easier to wash my hair while it was in braids. 

When washing, I used a ton of shampoo that made it easier to get a good lather. I didn’t do this with my good products though, I had a cheap bottle of Pantene."
cocolanoire,cccvd5,"Depends on whether you plan on getting your hair wet. If so, I would go for braids, cornrows or twists. They’re easier to deal with if you need to wash your hair often"
CoffeeB4Talkie,ccblpk,"Are you using shampoo?

JBCO is too heavy to not rinse out on my low porosity hair. What temperature water are you using? How do you style your hair? Are you letting your hair dry completely before saturating it again?"
bitchcraftmra,ccblpk,Are you not using shampoo? Because low porosity hair really needs it in order to soak up products
didyousaypizza,ccblpk,"I don't really have a regimen. What should I be doing?&&&So to start, I have low a low fro with low porosity hair. Texture, I'm guessing is mixed between 4b/4c (dunno if that really matters). I bought the Shea Moisture low porosity line and I love it. But I feel like I'm doing this wrong? Wash day on Sunday with a deep condition with Creme of Nature's Argan Oil Intensive Condition Treatment for about 45 minutes with a shower cap/beanie combo to capture my body heat. Now this is where I feel like I'm going about it wrong. Whenever I shower, I wet (not wash) my hair. Then I leave in followed by a light oil (daytime) or JBCO (night time). And that's everyday. I definitely feel like I'm doing something wrong. But everyone's hair is different right? What should I be doing different?&&&yes. not with a wide tooth though. hair isnt that voluminous yet 😅&&&Oh yeah. Of course. The low porosity shampoo from shea moisture once a week. I normally cowash half way through the week.&&&I am using shampoo. I only apply jbco at night as instructed by a friend. I use mild to hot water to open up my cuticles to let product permeate them. i just fro and go tbh. there's not much i can do with my hair at this length other than using a texturizing sponge. but even then, im trying not to manipulate it much. I only apply product when its damp."
scafemiester,ccblpk,are you detangling every time you wet it?
BabynBella,cc6n7f,Please don’t bleach it. Is it possible to try a protective style to give your hair a break for a few weeks before trying to correct the color?
_mellowgoat,cc6n7f,"Welp folks...I done goofed&&&Thought I could try and use box dye (dark and lovely to be specific) to lighten my hair so that I can color it later on, well that was a huge mistake on my part. The only thing that took was my roots, everything else is still its original jet black....it honestly looks like a backwards ombré, but like a choppy ombré, if you know what I mean...

*le sigh*

Now I’m contemplating on if I should’ve just bleached it instead of going through this headache, cause now I can’t even go through with my second step...

Also, how do we feel about an overnight silicon mix hair mask; yay or nay?&&&See, I didn’t want to do bleach it in the first place caused I was too scared, but now I’m like ‘not only is it cheaper to bleach, but it’s faster and much more efficient’...

Regarding a protective style...I have a wig that I made, that I could probably throw on lol&&&It’s crazy cause I intentionally did the length of my hair first, waited 20 min, and then did my roots...🤦🏽‍♀️

Edit: words&&&Okay, so how about this.....all I need is to get the rest of my hair to like a honey brown, cause that’s kinda the color of my roots...what if I got like a 20-30 developer and bleach and leave it for like 10-25 min (and I won’t touch my roots)

If I watch it closely and rinse/wash it out as soon as I get the color I need, and then follow up with my deep conditioner concoction, do y’all think I will get hella damage?

&#x200B;

..............

&#x200B;

~~(I don't know why I'm asking this when I already know the answer)~~.  😭😭😭"
afrodeshiak,cc6n7f,You can bleach. Just do your research first.
brainsweeties,cc6n7f,"Sorry this happened to you OP. Did you do the roots first?

I think deep conditioning would be a good idea. If you really want to bleach again avoid the roots completely but I would still recommend waiting awhile, as others said."
mjslater,cc6n7f,I heard the l’oreal for dark hair works well. A few coworkers have used it to get bright red hair and recommend it to me because I bleach mine blonde. I haven’t tried it because I couldn’t find one for blonde hair but it seems to work without having to use bleach.
FulaniQueen,cc6c22,I second this. I use it to cover my greys and to strengthen my hair. I do it every 2 weeks.
Part_T1M3,cc6c22,What are good hair dye's for natural hair?&&&Recently cut my dreads and now I have short hair. Wanted to change things up a bit and add color to my hair never done it before and I also always wanted to try it. What are some good dye's for natural hair. Im not to sure what my hair type is if that matters I would say I'm about a 4b-cish.
ScaredThug,cc6c22,Henna
kiyomaeda,cc6c22,"I currently just bleached and dyed my hair, and I’ve always used Creative Image: Adore hair coloring. (They’re vegan, and for me their colors always came out extremely bright.) I can’t talk about their pastel colors tho, I only use the regular ones."
Freebeing001,cc4wmi,I just got my first satin pillowcases. Fairly cheap for 2 and I notice it does help. They can be too warm but Mt hair does not dry out and I can stop sleeping in a scarf that would come off during the night or be uncomfortable.
Hashbrown9819,cc4wmi,"How to keep hair moisturized throughout the night&&&Hi,
So I’ve been noticing that my hair does not stay moisturized overnight. I usually detangle and moisturize my hair in sections( paying special attention to my scalp and ends) about 2-3 times a week. Usually after moisturizing my hair it feels nice and moisturized, but then when I wake up it is noticeably less moisturized, especially the ends. If it helps, and I think this might be the problem, I usually sleep with my hair in a ponytail or out when I sleep. So I don’t use a scarf or anything. Also, I use carol’s daughter’s mimosa hair honey shine pomade. I think the product I use is fine, but I think there’s something wrong with my technique and I don’t know what it is. Thanks!

Edit: Also, I detangle my hair with oil when it’s wet. I find that my hair is more manageable for styling when it’s streched.&&&So, a satin scarf? How should I keep it while it’s inside of the scarf? Is a bonnet another option?&&&Do you have any recommendations? Also, I didn’t see any silicones or parabens in the ingredient list.



Ingredients:
Zea Mays (Corn) Oil, Lavandula Angustifolia (Lavender), Salvia Officinalis (Sage) Leaf, Trifolium Pratense (Red Clover), Rosmarinus Officinalis (Rosemary), Rosa Damascena Extract, Malva Moschata (Malva) Extract, Urtica Diocia (Nettle), Beeswax, Butyrospermum Parkii (Shea Butter), Theobroma Cacao (Cocoa) Seed Butter, Fragrance (Parfum), Alkana Tinctoria Root, Annatto Seed. Ingredients may vary.&&&Is it worth the investment? Can I get the same results from something cheaper? Not that I’m not in the position to afford it. I just want to know as many options as possible. Thanks!"
NeonTaterTots,cc4wmi,girl put on a dang bonnet
ScaredThug,cc4wmi,"Look up greenhouse effect. I did that when my hair was shorter. 
Light spritz at night and plastic cap covered with a scarf or bonnet. That bit of water turns into steam with your body heat."
TBDMhearts,cc4wmi,Not sleeping without a scarf is definitely a big factor. If you don’t like them satin pillowcases work fine
bitchcraftmra,cc4wmi,Using a scarf will probably help
goldiesmith7,cc4wmi,Try Grace Eleyae's Slap (Satin-Lined Cap)
juniper_fox,cc4wmi,"I was just about to recommend this, they're a little on the pricey side (imo) but I like it because I can pull it over my hair in pretty much every state and the worst it does is crush my hair which I can normally fix by shaking it out and maybe sprinting out with some water or leave in"
sophiamay717,cc4wmi,"I usually pineapple, throw on a bonnet, but always make sure to use a silk pillow sheet :) also, carols daughter used to be amazing for my hair! Until I realized that the only reason it was giving me so much shine was the silicone used in the product :/ try looking for products free of silicones & parabens !"
CoffeeB4Talkie,cbyu8s,"Do you use shampoo?

I just use plain old Blue Magic on my scalp. If your hair is low porosity, butters may be something that your hair doesn't like. I just leave in lotion/conditioner. No butters. My hair hates it. Then if I need a little more something, I'll add an oil on top of that."
Zaylyn5355,cbyu8s,That leave in might be drying...it has alcohols in it
brokeboyblues,cbyu8s,"Low Porosity 3C hair with sensitive dermatitis...God help me&&&My routine is literally deep condition, wash out, then put in garnier’s leave in curl butter. My hair looks nice for a bit but I don’t think it’s gaining any real moisture. I’m hesitant to use any oils cuz grape seed oil irritated the fuck outta my scalp the last time and cause my sebderm to get inflamed. I guess I’m just hoping someone can tell me how to lock in moisture in my hair without using oils (or maybe an oil that doesn’t irritate sebderm) and like how often I should be using any suggested moisturizing method. Pls and thank you!!!!&&&I use neutrogena t gel sometimes but Idk if it’s helping and it dries the shit outta my hair so I barely use it. Other than that I deep condition than our in a butter. How do u know if ur hair hates something?&&&Do you also have sebderm? If you do have have you found an oil that moisturizes your hair and doesn’t cause a reaction?&&&Is jojoba moisturizing?&&&How do u re-wet ur hair between showers?&&&Ohh ok never knew. Thank you!&&&Nah....am I supposed to?&&&Thank u soooo much!!!"
laz_luke,cbyu8s,Do you wear any headwraps to bed?
lexy-plexy,cbyu8s,"I use tea tree oil and mix it with coconut oil for a scalp treatment every 1-2 weeks. It really helps heal. No more itching or flaking.

As for the hair, maybe you could try jojoba oil. They say thats the closest thing to the sebum that our scalp naturally produces. So you might not have a reaction to it. 

My last suggestion would be to do a weekly deep conditioning treatment with a protein free conditioner. Try to avoid getting any on the scalp and rine like hell to make sure you've gotten it all out"
marcellaokayy,cbyu8s,"I stopped using oils on my scalp years ago and I rarely get any scabs or flaking now. Water is the best moisturizer, so if you're putting oil on dry scalp, you're oiling dry scalp lol. If you really need to oil your scalp, maybe try olive oil? 

Try your best to make sure products don't touch your scalp, and check your shampoo and conditioner. My scalp still gets severely itchy to where I have to wash it constantly. Turns out, all sulfate free shampoo and conditioner irritate my scalp so I just use clay washes. I also eliminated any products with shea butter and coconut oil and this is the best my scalp has felt in years. Also, wetting my hair every 2-4 days helps, and I sometimes use shampoo for eczema or psoriasis. Those have sulfates so I try and use them sparingly."
