index,id,comments
BigBlackGothBitch,b4xd77,"I’m sorry but I’m furious, the bio mom used a relaxer on her natural hair? I want to scream, I’m so mad. That is definitely a boundary that she should not have crossed but I’m gonna back off because I don’t know the entire situation. 

The best thing to do is keep her from relaxing it again. Relaxed hair is fine if she likes it but can cause a lot of damage that cannot be undone. Her natural hair would be a lot healthier.  You should also stay away from heat, keep her hair very moisturized, find a product with protein in it, and definitely trim often. The trim is what’s gonna help clip off the damage over time."
Blergh_MaGerks,b4xd77,"Jesus.

First the relaxer, then EYELASH GLUE? WTF. And no maintenance over the summer. Honestly I'd be livid at biomom. If she wanted easier to take care of hair, why even let months of regrowth happen? That makes it so much more complicated.

To prevent damage, what's your budget? If you're trying to keep the hair, maybe take them to a natural salon that offers olaplex. Get them an olaplex treatment to help rebuild broken bonds and strengthen their hair. It's about $50 a treatment where I live.

If you don't that as a budget, try Aphogee 2 Step Protein treatment. You can get it at Sally's and it should help as well (though for different reasons).

If their hair is too far gone, it might be time for a haircut and a protective style like box braids, done on the new growth. Or, hell, maybe just a cute haircut! TWAs are adorable and easier to maintain than long 4c hair.

Edit: ok I misread, the girls don't currently have 5 months of regrowth.

What's the risk of them going back to biomom and having her undo your work (like getting braids put in -would she have them removed out of spite?)

Edit again: did N ask for the relaxer? If so, that's a different ballgame. Maybe discuss that with her, what she wants in the long term, and why she wanted it to begin with."
BonnJord,b4xd77,"Relaxed hair is easier to manage but I’d try to stay away from relaxers to help them embrace their natural beauty. Helping them embrace it now will help them later on in life.

As for her hair now, the ponytail should be fine. I would recommend getting her some box braids, theyre easy to maintain and gives much scalp access but too much tension after a relaxer is a nono.. I have 4c hair, when I got relaxers, I washed and moisturized my hair every week. Try to deep conditioner and give an hot oil treatment maybe once a month or every two weeks, max. For breakage, look into getting her ends clipped monthly and let this relaxer be the last one she gets.

Good Luck! "
MisSinterpreter123,b4xd77,"Have a professional remove the added hair, eyelash glue should not have been used. 

Now, work on transitioning her to natural hair. You don't want to relax her hair again because 1. It's damaging AF and 2. You have to continue to relax the hair every few weeks. 

If you decide to transition her hair to it's natural state, be advised that it will be challenging but you can do it. You will see what's known as the line of demarcation or the line where the relaxed hair/new growth meet. That's the weakest point. Make sure that is moisturized. 

Don't let those children see their mother unsupervised any longer."
PigmentedLady,b4xd77,"I would like to add on relaxers may be easier, but dealing with years of pain of your natural hair and potentially permanently damaging your hair is *not* easy at all. "
brwnbrrr,b4xd77,"I used to glue in extensions a lot when I was younger, and to get them out easily and minimize damage, I would coat the glue in a mixture of conditioner and coconut oil and really work it into the glue before trying to gently lift them out.

I would lift a small chunk at a time.

The oil and conditioner really helped to provide slip to my natural hair and to break down the glue a bit. 

I'd still inevitably get some strands of my hair pulled out in the process, but it made it far easier.

Other than that, a chemical relaxer works by breaking the hair's chemical bonds and reforming in a straight pattern. This will make the hair weaker and more brittle. Add protein to the hair (maybe once weekly, don't over-proteinize) and add as much moisture as possible. Try not to do styles that will apply too much tension as that can cause breakage."
chocolatecakelumps,b4xd77,"I’m personally not a big fan of glue in hairstyles, especially on damaged hair. If you feel the bun/ponytail is too tight or heavy then you can take it down.

Relaxed hair typically likes more protein than relaxed hair. Make sure to deep condition regularly, as you would’ve with natural hair, but you may have to grab some different products. Try to style in protective styles when possible. I do agree with a previous comment to use relaxers as little to not at all to teach loving and being confident in your natural state! 

Good luck! :) "
hufflepuffin92,b4xd77,"Seeking advice as a foster parent.&&&Background: I have 4 beautiful foster girls with natural 4c hair. I do not have naturally curly hair myself. I have been to natural salons for advice and to learn how to best care for and protect their curls. I’ve taken months to create our routine and finally found what I feel is best for each of their hair! I finally felt confident in my ability to support my kiddos. 

Last night the girls went for a visit with their bio mom and N (9yo) came back with chemically relaxed hair. Now I’m a bit out of my depth and I don’t know how to take care of her hair. Do I keep the same routine? Does it need to be washed more often? How to I mitigate breakage? Right now it is slicked back in a very tight bun with extra hair glued onto her pony (with eyelash glue). When I felt it last night, the bun being hidden by the added hair still felt wet. Should we take the pony down? I am worried about it breaking because her hair was already so damaged when she came to me 5 months ago from swimming all summer, not washing it, and an old relaxer (half of her hair was relaxed and half was new growth). 

I am hoping people will share advice. I feel so helpless in this moment. I don’t want to worry my kiddo by letting her know I don’t know what I’m doing. I want her to know she is beautiful relaxed hair or not. &&&Technically as a foster parent, I have no say in their hair. If I want to get a trim for her I have to have bio mom’s approval but she can do whatever she wants. It is extremely sad. 

Thanks for the protein advice. I’ll do some research and see if I can get trim approval. &&&They’re not unsupervised. There are two visit supervisors present but hair is a bio parents right so there is nothing I can do about it. 

Thanks for the advice! I’m going to take her to a salon this week to assess the damage. Good to know about the demarcation. "
valbee,b4xd77,"This is infuriating to read. I'm sorry.
The only thing i can suggest is protein treatments and deep conditioning keep to the hair strong. You'll also do better with braids as protective styles.
"
BamBamPebbz,b4wdxl,"Best protective styles with reusable hair?&&&Hey y’all,

So I’m currently living abroad in a country with limited access to good braiding hair. I usually buy hair from SamsBeauty or Amazon, but it can be a little pricey to ship. Sooo, besides Marley Twists with Marley hair, does anyone have any recommendations for hairstyles that you can do where you can reuse the hair a few times?

TIA 💕&&&That’s an option! Do you have any sites/brands you recommend?"
SchwityT,b4wdxl,I was going to suggest Marley Twists because it was my go to. Ha. But I’d like to know too!
aliho001,b4wdxl,Yup crochet braids 
feverdreamgirl,b4wdxl,Crochet braids using box braid hair 
wildhuntressophelia,b4wdxl,"Its a little expensive in the initial parts but bundle hair. You can use them for sew ins, quick weaves or wigs. "
Sarahelfatih,b4s4ej,"New natural hair care/beauty blog&&&Hello everyone. I’m currently on a break from university (in my final year of medicine) and have been on a natural hair journey for a few months and started a little blog on all things I love, which is all things beauty. I’m draw sometimes too and want to incorporate all that as-well, hopefully wont go too off topic with a few niches but I’m only starting and would love to know: 
 
What you would be interested to see on blogs? 

Your thoughts on my pics, language and tone 

Just general tips and content you’d want to see... 

Www.sweetheartsandsavages.home.blog "
HulaHoop444,b4nd4p,"Two quick questions&&&1. What is my hair type?
2. What are some easy to manage styles? I either have my hair professionally braided and in between salon visits I will do some quick fat plaits then pin them up.  I typically shampoo and condition every two to three weeks. 
This is my hair post shampoo and conditioner  https://imgur.com/a/KsRNwlW&&&Thank you!"
bre875,b4nd4p,Looking like 3c/4a
cynicaloreo,b4nd4p,"1. I'm 3c, thick hair, medium porosity, with fine strands.
2. Since my hair is in a short fro (\~8 inches) I do a wash n go every day. I like to co-wash with shea moisture coconut and hibiscus conditioner. Rinse out and apply curls blueberry leave-in conditioner. Follow it up with curls blueberry control curl jelly to define my curls and reduce frizz. I rake it through each section of hair until I get my curls to ""spring"" out. Then I seal the moisture and hydration in with shea moisture coconut and hibiscus shine mist. I don't apply any gel on my edges since they lay flat anyway. Sometimes I switch it up and part my hair. Most of the time it's just a loose fro with some long strands at the top hanging down my forehead lol

Also The order I put the products in is LCO, since LOC doesn't work for me. Water from shower, Leave-in, curly jelly, and mist that has coconut oil in it. This way the oil retains the moisture so it doesn't escape from my hair

I've been natural for about a month now. This is my second (and final) time going natural. I'm still learning what works for my hair but so far this regimen has worked for me without fail. Some people don't like to co-wash daily but I like it and my fro is smushed in the morning so it needs reviving haha. I've gotten compliments on my hair's curls and the smell from the Curls products. It's a learning process but once you learn what your hair is craving you'll be set!

&#x200B;

I also like to follow you tubers with similar curl patterns. I like Mahogany Curls (3b/c) and Amber Ansah (3c/4a)

&#x200B;

If you have any other questions, feel free to ask! "
subnado,b4nd4p,Your curls are gorgeous!
BoxedBoobs,b4ib94,I think I only grab hair from one side. If I grab hair from both sides it becomes a three strand twist and is very complicated to to take down. 
Gabbaby,b4ib94,When you flat twist do you pick up hair for both sections every time you twist?&&&Or do you only keep grabbing hair for one side? &&&Thanks! :) 
TheStarPrincess,b4ib94,"Yeah, just pick up 1 section. Mine are always straight across (no sides). It comes out beautifully every time. Try even pieces. "
sophiegetsit,b3r8wm,"CAUSE OF DANDRUFF AND REMEDIES FOR HAIR FALL&&&It's a component of this natural process of the own body the skin renews each months. Dandruff may have different causes. One of these is known as""Malassezia globosa"". What seems so complex is a microorganism located in the scalp of human beings, but each second individual reacts negatively to the fungus, which is revealed from the fact that Malassezia creates an oleic acid not to endure. With the unpopular effect of dandruff falling. Troubled times themselves don't lead to dandruff, but in a few individuals, a series of responses may enlarge. This pertains to people who suffer with eczema or psoriasis. Actually, a lot of sugar and bread may lead to dandruff since they create more yeast from the human body.

 The following [the link home remedies](https://wercrazy.us/best-diy-remedies-for-hair-fall/) regulate the scalp’s pH and moisturize it, helping to control dandruff in a natural way. "
Chocolatecitygirl82,b3fvns,"Transitioning back to natural&&&Hey y’all! So I’ve been natural for a few years but a couple of months ago, I got a Dominican blowout and they either severely heat damaged my hair or slipped some relaxer in at some point because my hair does NOT curl at all. It’s limp and stringy when I used to have combo 3c/4a curls. In the past, I’ve straightened my hair without issue so I’m not really sure what happened this go round. 

My hair is bob length and can be put in a bun or ponytail so I’m loathe to just big chop. Instead I’d like to transition for the rest of this year. Has anyone transitioned for a long period of time (more than a couple of months) and do you have any tips for staying sane/managing the two different textures? &&&Wow! This is really helpful! Thank you so much. &&&Thanks I’ve done two protein treatments and they’ve helped somewhat but my curls still aren’t back. &&&Thank you....especially for the note about tension, I’ve been putting my hair back in a tight bun because I just don’t know what else to do but I’ll stop that. &&&Thanks! I’m definitely done with the Dominicans after this experience. "
MisSinterpreter123,b3fvns,"First, they could have done both. Domincan blowouts use a great deal of heat: rollerset, round brush AND a flat iron. Second, there are stories where Dominican stylists using relaxers in the deep conditioner. My stylist said they do. Many of her clients have heat damage from getting Dominican blowouts. Sometimes, they have been doing it for years and sometimes it was just one blowout that ruined the hair.

Regarding transitioning, I would do protective styles and try to blend the textures. Make sure you trim regularly, deep condition and do protein treatments. Don't do anything to your hair that can cause tension. Sleep on satin. Protect your hair and it will be good to you. 

Good luck. "
UnsatisfiableStar,b3fvns,"You said it all, honey! "
ellamaii,b3fvns,"Hey! So I transitioned from relaxed to natural for a total of a year and a half. Basically what I did was put my hair in back to back protective styles. I started to transition the summer before my freshman year at university and I would basically just have braids or a weave put in at all times. I would get my hair redone every 2 months, basically. Between braids I would have my hair washed and deep treated and sometimes trimmed. After about a year and a half, I got my relaxed end completely cut off and my hair was a little past shoulder length, which wasn't too short so I was comfortable. If you can't do back to back braids, I know that twist outs and braid outs are good ways to manage the two textures!"
shida206,b3fvns,"I am currently transitioning... 16 months post relaxer.   What I am doing is braid and curl and twist outs, even though they don't really last.  I been getting my hair braided lately... it helps a lot... stay away from the Dominicans... if you want a blowout, go to someone who specializes in caring for natural hair..."
wesmellthecolor9,b3fvns,Try a protein treatment! I got mine from Sally's after heat damage from a Dominican Blow out. It helped  
PigmentedLady,b36a6s,Use satin pillow case and sheets
moonchild2998,b36a6s,"I’ve been wondering the same thing. My edges look kind of sparse too. I hear that wearing a hat can thin your hair, so maybe?"
tranquiltb,b36a6s,"Could tying a satin scarf tight lead to thin edges?&&&I wear a satin scarf to bed everyday but I tie it pretty tight or else it will just slide off. Could this be the issue? 

I use JBCO on my edges but not seeing like a big change. "
zhaanexo,b31ql5,Quick survey on natural hair&&&[removed]
FemmeCaraibe,b2oysz,"I would say go to a salon, but my hair was severely damaged from a salon bleach job. Gradually lighten your hair, and dont do it in one shot. Instead of using direct bleach you can opt to use a blonde or honey blonde hair dye to lighten your hair."
acb118,b2oysz,"1- buy olaplex and use it with EVERY bleaching/coloring. It's expensive but it will save your hair. I bleached my hair 6-7 times all the way up to white with NO damage


2- Bleach in steps. Process your hair for an hour, rinse the bleach out thoroughly and then deep condition your hair like a madman for at least a week before you bleach it again


3- try to use toner to eliminate brassiness, not more bleach


4- Use gloves and a towel/ clothes you dont mind getting bleach on


5- Make sure you understand what you're doing BEFORE you start mixing chemicals together. "
beankat42,b2oysz,Any tips on self bleaching natural hair?&&&I don’t really trust others with my hair. And I feel more comfortable doing it myself. Any tips? Or products not to use or your holy grails for dying or aftercare ? 
fubuluv2001,b2oysz,100% agree. i damaged my hair doing it myself. pay to get it done professionally or youll (most likely)be sorry!
sqwzmahmeatybts,b2oysz,"I was able to get a patch of hair that I routinely colored to snow white (my hair is unnaturally dark , black af) by carefully and gradually bleaching my hair at home with 20 volume and quick blue for about 30 min. I did this about 8 times, once a month, and I deep conditioned each time, used protein treatments every 2-3 months.

That sh*t still fell out doe.

I would do it all over again in a heartbeat. Just expect damage the lighter you go, baby your hair and of course, HAVE FUN!!


Best of luck."
LunaLafayette,b2epa5,"What is your best hair braiding tutorial video?&&&I’m 31 and don’t know how to braid my hair. My mom is an amazing braider but lives in another state and never got around to teaching me. Wondering if any of you all have learned from a YouTube tutorial? What would recommend? 


Edit: thanks to those who inboxed me videos. I realized that some thought I meant plaits, but when I said braids I meant corn rows. I’m from the Caribbean and we called corn rows braids. Sorry for the confusion. "
