index,id,comments
Lovelynell4,c1iuma,"Spritz your hair with water in the morning and pick out with your fingers and a lite oil (like argan) or spray conditioner to the shape you want. You’ll have to do that til your hair is long/big enough to be pineapple style wrapped up. Alternatively, you can twist your hair, bantu knot it, or flat twist before bed. Either way, you’ll need to reshape every time you wake up or have your hair pressed on something. My hair isn’t short, but when in a fro or twist out, I have to be conscious to reshape again when i get out my car specifically."
PigmentedLady,c1iuma,You can thread or band your hair
keishaemery,c1iuma,"Prevent hair matting?&&&I don’t know if matting is the right term,
but I can’t think of another word for it. I have a short afro, but my hair is very very very thick. Whenever I sleep, my hair will press to my head (with or without a headscarf) this is annoying, and it looks bad and dries out whenever I get up. Is there a way to prevent this?

Also, I tried to wear a beanie today - and when I took it off I had the WORST HAT HAIR ever. It may have been a bit damp from my wash and go in the morning - but my hair shrunk so it was basically attached to my scalp. Perfectly smooth. I looked like an egg. Is there a way to prevent this also?? so frustrating"
namasteplantbased,c1iuma,"I get matting as well, it usually happens when:

* I haven't moisturized my hair in a few days.
* I am using a moisturizer that doesn't really work. 
* I didn't detangle my hair as thoroughly as I should have
* My hair isn't really really protected (covered with satin) before sleeping 

There are more reasons [why o](https://www.healthyhuemans.com/healthy-beauty/2019/3/18/11-tips-on-how-to-untangle-matted-hair)[ur hai](https://www.healthyhuemans.com/healthy-beauty/2019/3/18/11-tips-on-how-to-untangle-matted-hair)[r can get prone to matting](https://www.healthyhuemans.com/healthy-beauty/2019/3/18/11-tips-on-how-to-untangle-matted-hair), but taking steps to properly care for it, keep it moisturized, and detangled minimizes matting greatly.

\--   


📷"
npbm2008,c1iuma,"This. 

I have a spray bottle with water and a few drops each of argan oil, Rose hip oil, and vitamin E oil. I  lightly spray my hair at least daily (when it’s not in a protective style), and pull it out with my hands and fingers. 

My hair reaches my bra strap when stretched, and it still does this. It isn’t a short hair thing, it’s a 4C thing."
winndoo,c1iuma,I get this too and the only thing I've found to help is putting my hair in either twists or sections before wrapping and sleeping
yourbestbudz,c1iuma,"Use silk or satins scarfs only. If you can twist your hair at night. I have to do this always otherwise, my hair will get matted."
JadaNJade,c1h9lu,"Fuck people. Do what you want. There's slaves being sold in Libya right now. No one should be getting their panties in a twist over a hairstyle. Especially when they spend their rent on 613 bundles. Hair is hair. Personality, thought, philosophy is what makes a person and their morals."
UnderSomeRock,c1h9lu,"Hey girl! Go get your hair braided! Don’t worry what other people think. I’m doubtful anyone will say anything to you. I’ve had mixed friends who look more Hispanic than “black” get braids and they looked absolutely gorgeous with them! I get it though, if this is your first time getting braids in years, you might feel self-conscious at first, but you’ll love them. 

I’m sure you’ll rock those braids 😁

Edit: if you go to a salon to get your hair braided, make sure they don’t braid your edges too tight."
communistweather,c1h9lu,"Look OP you can do your hair anyway you want, the world will still turn even if other people don’t like it. But I will just say I’ve been black my whole life. I’ve grown up with black people mixed people, Arabs Mexicans everybody. No one asks to participate in their own culture, they just do. My dad is mixed, he’s half Native American, but I wouldn’t feel comfortable participating in any of those cultures because it really isn’t mine. That is the question that culture appropriation asks. I feel like this question you asked is internal not really for anyone else to answer. 
Lol I hope this makes sense&&&So no one can be offended by anything because there are slaves in the world? That’s fucking ridiculous"
giraffesoda,c1h9lu,Hair braiding question&&&So I’ve been thinking about getting my hair braided. My mom did it for me as a kid and growing up. I kinda miss it and would love to have a break from my natural hair. Only problem is for someone like me is I’m a passing white (but I’m mixed w black/ white/ all the other ethnicities) I’m just so scared to get my hair braided bc I don’t want to be bashed since people are so quick to assume things about someone. I would like to hear anyone’s opinion on this topic. Thank you :)&&&Yeah it does. I’ve grown up more with my moms side which is black and I identify with that. I can relate to the memes and most topics in the black community (except of course the more serious issues that involve the color of my skin). My dad’s side is black too but I dont think he’s mixed bc I don’t see it in him. BUT since his mom was with a black man/ family he identifies as that too. I guess I just gotta get over the fact that I don’t want people side eyeing me for something they don’t know. I just want people to not be so quick to think I am doing something that doesn’t belong to me as well.
larniebarney,c1h9lu,"Look, if you want to braid your hair, braid your hair. Some people might have negative things to say about it, but frankly if you go through life worried about what other people might think of you, you're going to be stressed 24/7. Cultures are not islands, and they were never meant to be exclusive and stagnant."
Zeebattle,c1fq4j,How much hair is supposed to come out? This is usually how much breakage I have every time I wash my hair (once a week). Is this normal?&&&
DaniMrynn,c1enxy,"It isn't, which is why I stopped doing it - I'm not patient at all! I use the Felicia Leatherwood brush and only detangle while conditioner is in my hair."
FtFleur,c1enxy,Breakage?&&&[removed]
Zaylyn5355,c1enxy,"I think none. Shedding is normal, breakage is not"
DaniMrynn,c1ch68,"Uncle Funky's Curl Magic, Camille Rose Naturals Curl Maker, KCCC....I think Mielle has a curl custard as well. Some use Hydra Curlformer on top of these for extra hold so they can get 6-7 days out of a wash n go, but you have to emulsify the hell out of it in your hands before you use it out or it doesn't spread properly. In low humidity you can use a mousse/foam on top of one of the curl custards/gels."
Zaylyn5355,c1ch68,Do the cheaper gels dry out your hair?
dudebigrob,c1ch68,Favorite Stylers for type 4 hair.&&&Just looking to gain some definition.  Looking for any recommendations.&&&Nope I use wet line extreme.
JDnice804,c11dnx,TGIN has a nice curl refresh spray I use to refresh all my styles. I’ll usually put some oil or leave-in after the rose water mist.
amw0421,c11dnx,How to refresh twist?&&&So I usually keep 2 strand twist in my hair all week and then on the weekends wash my hair deep condition and retwist. I don’t feel like washing my hair this weekend and was wondering how I could refresh my twist without creating product buildup? Should I wet it and put in a leave in? Or what? Thank you in advance.
khaila_,c11dnx,"Your best bet is to just keep your hair moisturized. Whenever I get lazy and don’t feel like doing my hair, I always put some leave in to keep it from going dry. I’d put a leave in or if you want to wet it, that should work too."
JunjiMitosis,c109ra,Wash set similar to Carols Daughter Rhassoul sand?&&&The Carols Daughter Rhassoul Sand set has been one of the only shampoo/conditioners/hair masks to get my hair the mosturized consistency I like it to be. They've recently pulled it from stores and I'm just wanting to look for alternatives. Yall know any?
Yogaandfitnessschool,c0zwr0,Folexin Natural Hair Loss Solution Store | Natural Support for Hair Growth&&&
RaindropsWhiskers,c0zepi,"Details, please! Which one did you use? How messy was it? How did it make you hair feel? Was it easy to do? Easy to clean?"
ScaredThug,c0zepi,"I bought red and it wasn't very red.  Color lasted tho.  
I just applied it to my mini twists."
TheDqueen,c0zepi,I'm so jealous. It looks beautiful
TheSourestPatch,c0zepi,Loving that color! 💙
mister-tinkles,c0zepi,I think it looks amazing. :D
sighimtired,c0zepi,Pretty! We have similar hair texture too! I also wanna know which one you used
sopreshous,c0zepi,I love using the blue. It looks awesome on your hair. Do you do anything special to get it show up so vibrant? Also is there a reason you prefer that brand. I’ve been using hairpaintwax because it’s so cheap.
tc88,c0zepi,"Hair Paint Wax on my natural hair&&&&&&[This](https://mofajangstore.com/products/color-hair-wax) was the one I used. It was pretty messy since it's so sticky, I got more on my hands than my hair. It comes off easily with water, but I had to keep cleaning my hands off between sections. It feels soft while it's wet, a little crunchy once it dries.

It lasted me 3 weeks before I washed it out, touched up a little bit during that time. Even after it dries, if you touch the hair, the color will still get on your hands a little and these little flakes come off, they're like tiny pieces of crayon.&&&https://mofajangstore.com/products/color-hair-wax&&&Thanks&&&Thanks. It was a twist out and the wax actually provided some hold for the style, so it gave it some definition.&&&I used brand because I saw it used in some of the YouTube videos I watched. I put on a few layers to help the color show up, but it wasn't as bright as I would have liked."
UnderSomeRock,c0yc1u,"Sounds like you have low porosity hair! It’s totally normal, and may require some TLC to properly moisturize it. What’s your typical routine, and what products are you using?

Some quick tips: 

(1) check the ingredients of your hair products with a site like isitcg.com to see how individual ingredients are classified (protein, humectant, alcohol, etc) 

(2) if you use heavy oils (such as coconut oil), which “coat” your hair strands, that may be preventing water from penetrating. Use a clarifying shampoo or clay mask in your routine

(3) use indirect heat when deep conditioning. (I really like [this](https://www.thermalhaircare.com/stellar-hot-head/) heat cap)

(4) low porosity hair can also be protein-sensitive&&&How to tell if your hair likes a product -- it's a mix of how it looks and feels. It also depends on what your hair goals are.

* Does your hair feel moisturized or dry?
* Does the product leave your hair feeling crunchy or does it leave white flakes in your hair?
* Does the product make your hair look frizzier then normal?
* Does a product give you more curl definition than normal?

&#x200B;

Testing products -- totally feel ya on that front. 

* r/haircareexchange is available if you want to try to sell/ swap any products that don't work for you
* Some companies send sample products on request. Great option for trying a product before buying"
herbsftw,c0yc1u,Sounds like you have low porosity hair.. you might wanna check this link for more info: [https://www.naturalhairqueen.net/low-porosity-natural-hair/](https://www.naturalhairqueen.net/low-porosity-natural-hair/)
kaylacutipi,c0yc1u,"Is this normal?&&&Whenever I was not wet my hair, water goes straight to my scalp and just kind of runs off down my neck. It doesn't seem to really stay or penetrate my hair without some sort of product help. I've been natural for a while but still haven't gotten the hang of what my hair likes or needs and it can be discouraging when I try to do research but don't seem to comprehend the ""basics"". Can anyone help?&&&Thank you for answering. I've been trying to figure out my porosity and based on the descriptions I always thought I had high porosity hair.&&&I've been trying the naturall products. And before the I was using Shea moisture. I've never used a clay mask so I'm going to try that next time. I have one of those bonnet hair dryers. Is that sufficient if I cover it with a plastic cap.&&&I have one more question. How do I truly know if my hair likes a product, and if it doesn't, how can I tell which ingredient it actually doesn't like? People always tell me to use what my hair likes but I'm not entirely sure how to know my hair ""likes"" something. And I don't necessarily have the disposable income to keep testing more and more products"
unwaveringwish,c0yc1u,"Stay with warm water throughout the entire process, deep condition with heat, and warm your products in a hot water bath. Try it and see if it helps!"
vaycarious,c0yc1u,Low porosity hair is normal. Takes a long time for water to saturate the hair.
Naybrown10,c0rwt0,What's my hair texture?&&&
Package17,c0qexn,How to Draw Braids - (Daily Sketch 27) - Hair Series&&&
freaky58,c0knft,Braid Hairstyles: The most beautiful styles for short hair&&&
hairmistress,c0i3gf,NATURAL Vs RELAXED hair | what men think about natural and Relaxed hair.&&&
CoffeeB4Talkie,c0da2c,LOL. I can't believe I never thought of this. Good point.
MummyCroc,c0da2c,So true. I'm 5'10'' and it has taken me yeaaaars to get to BSL
Sarah1777,c0da2c,OMG how did I never think of this...
StayAwayFromMySon,c0da2c,"Yeah I'm 6'2"" and my hair is to my shoulders in its natural form. I think if I was a wee thing I could warm my ass with it.
Don't be embarrassed cause I didn't think about it either. Or we can be embarrassed together!"
UnderSomeRock,c0da2c,Lol this can definitely be true! I have a friend who has a really voluminous curly fro. Her bun can look like the size of her head. She’s also super tiny and 4’ 9”
hon3yg1rl,c0da2c,Oh my gosh I needed to hear this. I’m 5’9 so my hairs gonna need to grow a bit longer to truly look long on me lmao.
moonchild2998,c0da2c,"Those natural hair influencers might be short!&&&Okay, if you’re like me and kind of obsessed with growing long natural hair, you may watch a lot of influencers on YouTube! Some of them have hair all the way down their back and it’s gorgeous! But...some of them are short.

What got me thinking about this is a YouTuber who has such beautiful hair, and I was thinking her hair was at least 18+ inches. Nope. Ten. My hair is eight or nine inches and it certainly doesn’t fall like that. Half the time I still have a TWA. But also she’s five foot nothing and I’m five feet five or six inches. 

I’m not here to hate on anyone, not all all! And these girls certainly are NOT tricking anyone. It’s kind of embarrassing that as an almost 21 year old woman I didn’t figure this out sooner. So for anyone else who needed to hear it...&&&I feel you! I used to think these girls were on another level but they’re just kinda tiny! still beautiful, but small! It was kinda helpful for me to realize. I’m not as tall as you but I still kinda feel that tall girl struggle.&&&I want to warm my ass with my hair too! You have me cracking up! Yes we can!"
norasmom15,c0da2c,Really good point
paceandunderstanding,c0da2c,"Yes! I am tall, 5’9”  with a long neck, my hair is about 23 inches and barely past bra strap, the shortest true mid-back range.  My hair on a short body would be easily waist or hip length."
sayarko-totoru,c0da2c,"Lol, I’m a short gal and I was always commented how fast my hair grows. I’ve always thought that people notice this because I’m short :p"
sofia_52,c0da2c,I'm tall but my main issue is I have a very big head... so the length that influencers are finally able to put their hair into a ponytail/bun is impossible for me because I have to cover a lot more area. :(
FaerieQueef,c01af8,"Check this company out. They make hats, scarves, wraps, etc. All with hair protection in mind. 

https://www.graceeleyae.com/"
UniquelyElle97,c01af8,"It’s not so much “over washing” as it is being under moisturized.  What is considered washing hair too much varies from person to person based on factors like hair porosity & thickness.  The most important thing is keeping in moisture even if you wash often. Also washing with products that will not dry out your hair (ex sulfate free). You could also wash with conditioner or “co wash” to revitalize hair or just rinse out daily. Again, keeping in moisture is the most important part and keeping your scalp not too dirty is also important."
Urikalynn_,c01af8,"I workout 5 times a week and I usually just do twist outs now so that way I can take it out on my own terms and I can wash my scalp dry my twist and have my fro when I’m going out. 

If I’ve already separated my twist and still need to workout I do the banding method and wrap my hair with a scarf. So that way when I sweat my hair doesn’t shrink or anything. This might work for you."
sofia_52,c01af8,"Working out with Natural Hair?&&&Hi, I have 4c hair and recently I have been wearing crochets for a while (with cornrows underneath) because I struggle with one main problem with my hair being out -- working out.

I run track, which means I am outside a lot, and I live in a hot area. I'm constantly always sweating so obviously any style that I do will just shrink up back to my tiny afro (my hair is very short).

I've come to terms that it's hard for me to do styles because they just simply never last long enough for the amount of time I put in, and I'm still looking for easy styles that I can do where it won't be embarrassing when my hair changes during a work out, but the main thing is that I don't know how often I should wash my hair?

Obviously excessive sweat smells, especially with the products I put in my hair. Also, sweat just makes me itchy in general. I know over-washing natural hair is bad, but I workout/sweat about every day / every other day and not washing my hair just feels really bad.&&&That seems like a very nice idea. My hair is still in the teeny afro phase so I would be a little self conscious of wearing it in twists. I haven't considered a hair scarf though so I'll look into buying one!&&&Thanks, will do!"
RWHonreddit,bzwg4p,"I'm still early on in my process so I struggle with a lot. 
 
I also spend so much time detangling.  I've been adding a bit of oil on top of my conditioner to make it easier. But I've been considering buying that Felicia Leatherwood brush. 

I've heard such good things about it. So you might want to consider if that's an option for you. 

Naakie Nartey and queenykaay made videos about it. But there are many videos about it on YouTube"
RealEyez1RealLiez,bzwg4p,Do you really need to detangle so much? Just detangle once a week and still wash and condish in sections twice a week.
Sea_Soil,bzwg4p,"My hair is like tangle heaven due to my hair type. Super tight, tiny corkscrew coils it's like if you took a bunch of slinkies and smooshed and shook them up. To cut down on detangling I just cannot do wash and go's. If I wear my hair out and let it dry without stretching (in braids or twists) it literally tangles as it dries even without any manipulation. Using shampoo also will escalate the tangling. So I try to avoid it and just cowash. 

&#x200B;

My routine now is weekly, or once every two weeks in the summer when it's more moist. I thoroughly rinse with water, then separate into sections, 4 to 6 depending on the tangle-age. If I have buildup I will cleanse with black soap and follow up with an ACV rinse. Then use detangling conditioner going through each section with fingers, wide tooth comb and finally denman brush to remove all the shed hair (I can never remove 100% tho). After finishing the process and using the LOC method on my hair I put it into twists, and that's the key for me to reduce tangles as it dries because shrinkage/drying is what seems to create the most. So then even if I take my hair out the next day and wear it out for a while it won't tangle as much. The whole process is about 45 min- 1 hour. :)"
UnderSomeRock,bzwg4p,"When you wash your hair twice a week, do you use shampoo both times?

I personally only wash once a week, but I have tried a lot of different methods to cut down on detangling. The most effective method for me is to pre-poo (spray bottle filled with conditioner, water, and olive oil). I saturate and finger detangle section by section. Doing this really cuts down on time in the shower. When I’m in the shower, I finger detangle and use a comb. 

Also, when you were washing your hair twice a week, it’s possible your hair was becoming over-moisturized or needed more protein. (I’m not an expert,  I’ve just been doing a lot of reading up lately to figure out my own hair and those are terms I’ve seen a lot)"
blakchat,bzwg4p,"TO EVERYONE THAT WASHES HAIR MORE THAN ONCE A WEEK!!!&&&How do you do it? My hair, in general, starts getting dry and tangled 3 days after removing braids (I usually do braid outs on wash day). For a few weeks a couple years ago I would wash twice a week: add conditioner in 6 sections, lightly detangle and rinse, then add a bit of oil and braid. I'd wake up the next morning with soft, shiny curls! But I noticed, while it took less time than weekly wash days, it still wasnt that practical. I also felt like my hair was getting a little dry and like I was getting more split ends (but it grew a lot, I could tell). Another reason I stopped was due to the water bill lol(I did all this in the shower, with running water to help detangle).

One thing I've learned from that experience is that less really is more: now, I rinse with water and detangle with a really good conditioner, one with lots of slip AND moisturizing ability (usually you seem to get one or the other, but garnier whole blends works very well imo) and let it sit. Then I rinse thoroughly (some youtubers leave in a little conditioner, I like to rinse it all out), loosely twist in a few big sections and wrap my hair in a tshirt for an hour or so until its damp, then I add a tiny bit of leave in (no more than one or two products, usually one) to each section, braid, wake up to soft, shiny curls.

Detangling is always the worst. Even with all the slip in the world, it takes over an hour to do, and I'm usually so tired by the end that I need a break lol. 

I'd like to try doing my hair every 3 days again, but I dont like using so much water and detangling is a pain. How do you cut down on detangling time? I usually finger detangle, comb, then paddle brush to get all shed hairs out (and still I seem to miss some). 

Thoughts and tips? Wash n gos are a wash n no for me btw, they usually require much more time and product than 6 braids, and dont come out as nice&&&Oh, tips on wash n gos would be very helpful! I love Nap85's gel-less wash n go, but idk I can't seem to stretch it well when its dry because it meshes so much when I let it all out :(. I dont care for perfect definition, I just want to change my look up every once in a while and be easy breezy beautiful lol.

I dont use shampoo most times, rather I just rinse until the water runs fairly clear before adding conditioner and detangling. I dont have a problem with build up, and my hair never feels greasy from too much product. 

I should probably clarify: my braid outs last a week, I just notice the tangles really...solidifying on day 4. It doesnt feel that bad when I touch it on day 7, it's just lost its sheen, some softness, and the ssk are not fun lol. I've tried a lot of products, combos, methods, I think that's just how my hair is rn. It holds up better than it did a few years ago, and it's the healthiest it's ever been.

I've never liked changing the style mid week, it takes too long to work with it dry. Bunning and a satin scarf at night help a lot though.&&&No, I rarely shampoo. Usually just rinsing with warm water is enough. I usually dont detangle without wetting my hair in the shower because I need so much water T.T spray bottles aren't usually that effective for me, even with warm water, and it takes longer cause it dries quickly. 

I'll give it a try again though. Maybe adding conditioner will help a lot 🤷🏿‍♀️

You may be right about overmoisturization, but I'm recalling that during that time it was unseasonably dry and cold, even my skin was ashy after using the thickest butters I could find.&&&Girl same 😭 wash n go was always the goal, but it never seemed worth it after trying several times. For my thickness,  6 braids was just the easiest thing for me to do to get the best results. For twists, I'd have to do 18, so I usually just braid lol.

My detangling routine is the same lol, fingers, comb, then brush. Still takes me an hour or more, even with conditioners with great slip! Ugh, I dont even know anymore. Ssk are a pain, my ends are the worst and I'm just lost 😭 idk how to really care for my ends more than I do&&&Hmm 🤔 it feels weird to not detangle lol, but I'll give it a try!"
jobhuntquest,bzwg4p,"
I find detangling before washing helps. Saturating my hair with a cheap conditioner or a DIY detangler (water, glycerin & oil) and finger detangling takes me very little time. After getting all the shed hair out first, washing in 4-6 sections is a breeze. I use a cleansing conditioner (that has surfactants) midweek and not a shampoo. Keeps my hair soft, moisturized and less likely to tangle. 

I only wash midweek when I wear wash and gos. It’s not my intention to push them on you, but if you’re interested I’d be happy to share some tips and YouTube videos that improved my wash and go game. 


Also, since you say your hair gets dry after 3 days, have you evaluated your products? Maybe a more moisturizing shampoo, deep conditioner or styling product could help in retaining moisture. I can usually get 5-7 days out of a twistout with the right products. Or have you tried moisturizing and restyling midweek instead of a full wash day?"
lavasca,bzwg4p,"It doesn’t tangle in the first place unless I need a trim — 3c-4a low porosity.

Often I rinse at leas the ends with conditioner."
Smartsfield,bzsra1,Are you looking to have it done by someone? I recently went paddleboarding with blonde ombré box braids and they held up nicely. They were just a little heavy after getting wet. I really liked the ombré cause I felt it still looked cute and interesting while not having to do a lot to it
The90sarevintage,bzsra1,Box crochet braids - best of both worlds and doesn’t take as long to dry
Thewriterswithin,bzsra1,Twists
UnderSomeRock,bzsra1,"Box Braids

Goddess Braids

Chunky Feed-in Cornrows (I think this is a great option if you’ll be swimming since box braids can feel heavy when wet. If you want, I can also send you a couple of links so you can see what I mean!)"
blakchat,bzsra1,"Yup! I did this, brought a fake ponytail for when I wanted a more glam look, loc jewelry, gorgeous and definitely different from everyone else! But mine were too tight, ended up taking them out on the plane ride back lol&&&You can wash your twists? Sheesh, if I let mine dry without combing and retwisting, I get a matted, fuzzy mess lol&&&I just left mine out in a braid-outs. I've got long, thick, 4a/b hair too. I wash after swimming anyway, so this was best for me. If I apply product lightly, my hair will dry overnight in braids. A bun is good too, just twist the enda"
cocainetea,bzsra1,Crochet Hair. Watch Lia Lavon on YouTube (:
cocolanoire,bzsra1,"Cornrows - with your own hair or with extensions. I do mini ones with my hair and they last 3-4 weeks, paddle boarding and swimming. Just make sure whoever installs them doesn’t pull too tight."
cstew1990,bzsra1,Braids. Used to snorkel and scuba. Throw a skully on keep it moving. Never had ext or weave though so being heavy wasnt really a factor for me.
floralsparkk,bzsra1,"Braids! I just came back from Mexico and sewn in a human kinky curly unit. Huge mistake, the salt water killed my poor beautiful wig. I would suggest cornrows, tribal braids or box braids. I couldn't do goddess or crochet because the ocean salt water might mess the hair."
gtmaki,bzsra1,Braids!!
haute-e,bzsra1,"What hairstyle would be best for traveling? (Snorkeling, being in the sun, little maintenance, while still looking cute each day)&&&&&&Yes! I have a girl who does my hair at a good price. Hmmm box braids is the popular recommendation, I’ll probably end up going with box braids :-)&&&Don’t they get really heavy when wet though?&&&The more the merrier! Haha I live in Austin though"
luckyseaturtle,bzsra1,"Definitely braids or twists. By the way, can I come with you? I want a vacation so bad! 😭😂"
pikkonoloidlee,bzsra1,I like doing mini twists on my hair. Really great for travel and I can just wash and go each day without too much maintenance or extra products.
sqwzmahmeatybts,bzsra1,"I would do braids. Washable, Durable, and Versatile.

 

Sounds like you're about to have a rad time, btw, glad to hear it!"
whiskey155,bzsra1,Crochet braids with Jamaican curl bouncy hair. Water runs off of it lol
UnderSomeRock,bzn3sp,"I really like flat twists since they’re easy to do and I still get a nice stretch out of them. Plus it’s easy to do multiple and pin/ bun them!

DM me if you’d like links to pictures/ videos that I use for inspiration! My last message had 4, but they were removed because they were YouTube links.

Styles I use: 

Pinned Flat Twists

Cornrow Bun

Asymmetrical Twisted Crown

Flat Twist Knot Bun"
Wind_your_neck_in,bzn3sp,"The secret low bun. Part hair down the middle,then each half into 3. Make 4 twists from the two lower sections and the two middle sections. Pull the 4 twists into a low pony. The two sections at the front, should go from ear at the hairline to the crown with central part. Smooth or slick depending on preference the hair down towards your pony of twists and secure. You can either twists the ends and have a fully twisted pony/bun, or you can smooth the loose hair over the twists in the pony and make a bun.

I'm sorry I dont have a pick, but I hope the above is clear. I live in this style and do it on wet or damp hair on wash day. Because the hair is sectioned and set it's pretty easy to moisturize mid week"
blakchat,bzn3sp,"Another way to set type 4 curls&&&Hey guys, I'm type 4a/b curls, got a pretty good regimen down, but I'm looking at different ways to set my hair. 

For my thickness, 6 braids are perfect and I usually do that. However,  they aren't the cutest thing to wear out. Do you guys think it's possible to set my hair with a wet bun? I'm just thinking of ways I can a) stretch my hair, b) set my ends so they dont get too matted and c) maybe look a little cute while doing it lol.

Idk, I was just wondering. What do you guys think?

Edit: my mom said to just do a puff, let it curl on it's own. Which is good, but I was hoping for something that would protect my ends better.&&&Directions understood! That's very clever,  I'm trying it this weekend! Thanks so much 😁&&&Thank you! I just wish I was better at flat twisting or cornrowing 😖 idk, the curls always come out terrible,  kinda stringy and not the soft, fluffy, bouncy texture of a braid/twist out. Idk what I'm doing wrong, but I guess practice makes perfect?"
