index,id,comments
ButteryBakedSalmon,bfv4d0,"The whole ""you have to lay your edge!"" Stuff is bullshit.

People love to gloss over it, but the only reason its seen as bad not to is because black folks still see straight hair / loose curls as ""good hair""

Laying your edges makes it seem as though your hair is a looser curl pattern, imitating loose curls. Not kinky hair.

Ive seen people say it's ""tacky"" or ""unkept"" to not lay edges. And its literally the same mindset that the black community had about natural hair being ""unprofessional"" vs a perm.

Its basically the whole striaght / wavy hair is more ""desirable"" vs kinky coily hair. And theres a whole bunch of race stuff involved that I wont get into.

Don't lay your edges, I don't. Dont listen to people who say you have to in order to look decent. Cus its not true."
Capitaineteedawg,bfv4d0,"Ohhh, honey.

I know it feels bad, but don't listen to your feelings about you looking boyish. You definitely are a woman. You like dressing femininely. Your hair isn't something that is going to stop that from shining through.

Please don't feel the need to change yourself. Either the right guy will come along... OR! You can get out there and meet folks. No shame in either one.

If you are really feeling self-concious and want to switch it up, there are tons of cute styles to do with twists. Just remember that you don't need to change your overall self to get a man.

How are you feeling as of now?"
CoffeeB4Talkie,bfv4d0,"Definitely not true. I don't lay down my edges. I try not to upset the beast (my hair). 
I found that when I worried about what others thought of me, I was miserable. You may not know it, but your insecurities may show on the outside. Perhaps that's what people see and it may make you seem unapproachable. (For me, I have serious RBF... when and if I realize I'm doing it, I try to smile more). 

Never say never. And never change yourself to fit into someone else's mold. Work on whatever it is that you're not happy about. Make you happy first. The rest will fall into place."
JDnice804,bfv4d0,"I got approached less with natural hair and I’m pretty cute. Laying edges can be a hassle so I don’t do it. When it came to dating, I did a lot of the asking. Be confident and go after what you want! 

I met my boyfriend on Tinder. He’s half Mexican and white, so he had no experience with black hair. He loves my hair now."
Littlebrownfoxx,bfv4d0,You could also just as guys out too. It’s not always up to the dude. Maybe you aren’t feeling great about yourself but I don’t think laying your edges down has anything to do with being asked out. It’s mostly about the energy you’re putting out there.
PinkPurse12,bfv4d0,How old are you?
Thewriterswithin,bfv4d0,"Sad about comments about looking boyish&&&So, I have twists in my hair. I don't gel down my edges, I don't wear makeup, I workout and wear girly stuff though. I love wearing lip gloss and dresses. I didn't think gelling down my edges was needed. I am quite happy with my hair, but I am still sad that I'm not being asked out on dates by men. But at the same time I'm so embarrassed about feeling like crap about not being fully happy about my hair because men aren't interested in dating me.  In fact I feel depressed that I'll never find a guy who'll accept my natural hair.... I already felt undesirable by men.... Then my sister said it'll be more girly to lay down your edges and now I feel worse than before because now I'm considered manly?"
blvcktea,bfv4d0,"Honestly though laying edges in nice and all, it isn’t really just feminine (think mafia movies and greasers) so if anybody has a problem with you not wanting to lay your edges down just tell them that you don’t want to look like a mob boss!

Jokes aside, wear your hair like you want to wear it. If you want to add something to make it look more girly add some headbands or bows, but don’t let anyone tell you that to look more feminine you have to take away from your hair’s natural kinkiness."
jaydaluren,bfv4d0,You will find a guy who accepts you for who you are...sometimes it just takes time! Dont change yourself just because other people say you should. If you like yourself the way you are then just go with it!
lavasca,bfv4d0,"Not true.

This edges thing is weird.  Suddenly people are talking about edges.  I think I first heard about it maybe 3 years ago.

It isn’t a big deal.

You’re not going to live the same place forever.  Not all men care about edges. Some don’t notice. Some think that the look of laid edges is strange.

Many will think you are gorgeous as-is. Some will not.

The only absolute is that there are no absolutes about what every hetero/bi/fluid finds attractive in a woman."
montilyetsss,bfv4d0,"You will never catch me out here on these streets with laid edges, it just isn’t for me. I don’t like putting gel on an area that I have to baby, it just makes me nervous I rather leave my edges completely alone and not have them be over manipulated. Anything involving gel and “laying” anything done is a no for me.

I went natural to embrace every single strand of hair."
showraniy,bfv4d0,"Ew, is that what this laid edges bullshit is about? I'm definitely never doing it now. My mom used to do it to my hair as a little girl in the 90s and I always hated it. I haven't kept it up since I've been managing my own hair, and I honestly think laid edges look ghetto. I don't want to shame ANYone about the way they wear their hair, but I feel equally strong about anyone shaming the way I wear mine. I ain't laying my edges.&&&Huh? I honestly don't like the look of laid edges, and have never touched my edges because of it. I still got married and am staying married just fine.


I suspect getting out of your comfort zone locations, find groups who are into your hobbies, and just hang out and surround yourself with good people. Make friends who you respect and enjoy, and they'll open your social circle up with some good guys to date, easy. They'll either know some good single guys or be a good single guy who you already know shares at least one of your hobbies. This is the best way to date. Looking a certain way or hitting up different bars are just ways to find fuck boys, which it doesn't sound like you're looking for."
HelloDevelopingWorld,bfrmla,"Any clear cornrowing tutorials?&&&I've started to learn know to cornrow my own hair recently but they aren't clean or feed
defined."
PinkPurse12,bfrmla,Naptural85 made a good video about cornrow
Port64,bfrmla,I’d definitely like to know the same.
ButteryBakedSalmon,bfrhxv,"Yea, I was told trimming ends is to keep the split from running up the hair shaft. It also smooths your ends out, makes it a little easier to detangle, and just makes your hair look healthier."
Lovelynell4,bfrhxv,"Trimming ends IS healthy especially for curly hair because if you have split ends and you don’t do anything with it, the split ends continue to split all the way up the hair, thus creating breakage and unhealthy hair. So folks who don’t at least have a professional check out their ends or them looking at their ends themselves sound a little ignorant. Unless they take 100% love and care and they never get split ends or have the dreaded fairy knots, then good for them, sounds like they don’t need trims. Trimming ends is a personal amount of time. But I do believe 2 times a year is a minimum standard for curly hair specifically, the person may need more or less."
paceandunderstanding,bfrhxv,"I remember the “lead ends” nonsense, where they believe whole-heartedly that the short broken pieces would “catch up” to the longer pieces.   Which is true, but only because the long pieces eventually started breaking too, and they could have had fuller hair faster (months vs a year) with a trim. 

I think the non-trimmers take bits and pieces of science like “hair growth phases” and chop it up to mean whatever is convenient. 

If you look up “lead hairs/lead ends” you’ll get some interesting explanations.."
ty_ology,bfrhxv,"Those who dont believe in trimming ends, what do you do for your hair?&&&I saw someone argue that trimming your ends doesnt neccesarily help your hair growth, that it's for personal beauty reasons, or because that's what we've been told to do, etc...

 I trim mine maybe 3 times a year. I think every 6 weeks is too frequent for me. 

So if you dont trim your ends, what do you do for split ends? Do you really think this works for you and why?&&&Those are my thoughts exactly. I know some really want to retain their length, but that just doesnt seem practical to me if you truly want healthy hair."
BigTittiedMathBitch,bfp263,Try combing and slicking in layers
Enjay98,bfp263,"I combine water and really good conditioner, spray a bit (not too wet) then slick them in layers and put on my scarf."
Swessje,bfp263,"You should try to do it in sections. Divide your hair in 3 sections, 1 in the back 1 in the middle and 1 in the front. Use a good gel and a soft bristle brush, start slicking it back from the back section to the front and do it on moist hair. You can also tie your hair down with a silk scarf to make it extra slick."
aaliyah200211,bfp263,Hair never slicks down&&&Hi I have really curly hair and whenever I try and slick it down there’s bumps and I try and brush them down and it doesn’t work or looks weird.how can I slick it?
chemeralart,bfp263,Try a boarshair or very dense brush and pomade
cocopuffswt04,bfp263,"After I add product, I will tie it with a scarf to make it stay slick (longer). Curls gonna curl."
iamCHIC,bfp263,Sections
realnyahours,bfp263,"take small sections, slick down the back and put it into a pony. then take the middle, slick it down, and work your way up. that way every single part of your hair will be slicked down and your hair won’t dry wet without product on it, which causes the little waves."
realnyahours,bfoj67,"protein treatments and lots and lots of moisture (ie : deep conditioners) your hair is probably dry, which doesn’t allow is to shrink and curl. i chopped after a bleached my hair and dyed it blue, and my hair was soooo puffy and wouldnt even curl. i wish i knew about treatments but im happy i decided to cut it off."
sydnic148,bfoj67,"Color damaged hair&&&Hello everyone! So I have been natural for almost 5 years now. I did the big chop and loved it!! I usually get my hair highlighted and have been doing so since before I was natural. Last year I decided I wanted all over color, and it turned out great! I loved it! Just last month I got it touched up and my stylist went ahead and straightened it afterwards. So I wore my hair straight for a while (which I don’t use heat on my hair that often) but when I finally washed it, I noticed my curl pattern has changed in some areas of my hair. I’m normally a 3c/4a curl pattern. But now, in the front of my hair, my curls are super loose, and hardly shrink back up at all. I also have patches of hair on the side of head that are just straight up frizz. I usually wear my hair in flat twist outs and halo twists during the week (my styling skills after almost five years are pretty lame) but now I cant even do a wash and go. I don’t know what happened in the last color treatment I had but I don’t like it. Is my hair permanently damaged now? Or is there something I can do or products I can use to help get my curls back to normal? I really don’t want to cut it all off. 

Thanks for your help in advanced, and I apologize if this topic was recently discussed. I just don’t have anyone to ask.&&&Thank you!! Do you have any recommendations for a good protein treatment?"
CoffeeB4Talkie,bfinuu,"Idk. My Dh prefers natural. Thank goodness. Not only is my hair natural, but I'm not the type to wear make up either. So, it works for me. Lol"
SeaSalterShaker,bfinuu,"Maybe it's your area? When I first started getting perms, black men who I never met or would otherwise never talk to started bothering me about ""Why do black women hate themselves? You will look so much more beautiful with your natural hair."" However, even with a perm, it's always odd black guys who want to talk to me. I feel like a lot of black men don't know what they get when they say ""natural hair."" Just like how there's a subset of men who ""don't like makeup."""
Thewriterswithin,bfinuu,"Do black men really like natural hair?&&&So, I have been wearing my natural hair for about 2 months. When I wore weaves, I always had black men ask me out. Now these men weren't considered desirable, but I still talked to them. A lot of the time they were broke and wanted a quick fuck. 99% of the guys that would talk to me were of also of low income, but I didn't mind. 99% of them were black unfortunately.  When I went natural, started working on my business ventures, and going to my very first business meetings,  black men stopped asking me out. I'm completely invisible to black men unless I talk to them first when in the past, I always had black dudes give me their number and tell me how beautiful I was when I had weave. Now my social circle is currently just white people, and my new business mentor who is also white. 


Why when I went natural I'm suddenly invisible to black men? :/&&&I love your comment! You will be a good journalist.&&&I'm from the rougher side of Vegas...."
dancerbby,bfinuu,"It doesn’t matter, do what you want to do with your hair :)"
deka413,bfinuu,"Based on your statement, it largely sounds like your mindset hasn't changed even though your hairstyle has.  You mentioned that the men who used to approach you were ""low income"" and ""undesirable"" but based on your reception to them it appears you welcomed the attention and were open to their advances. 

I'm not sure why you felt the need to describe the men who liked you before you went natural in such negative terms, but there had to be something you liked about them. There was a comfort and familiarity there that probably boosted your confidence. Confidence is attractive and people are drawn to it.  

Now you're navigating the natural hair scene; You're re-learning what you like about your hair and largely your appearance. You're re-learning how to style your hair. All that learning can chip away at confidence that was built on a look that you're not sporting anymore. 

On top of that, you seem to have changed your environment. You're trying to build a business and frankly, you're not going to find very many ""low-income"" guys in that circle. The guys that you're likely to encounter in the environment you're stepping into are less aggressive in pursuing a woman.  Relationships tend to build slower.  Add that to your discomfort over a major change in your appearance and that chipping away of your confidence is naturally going to  accelerate. 

I say, you have to look at yourself and figure out why you personally have gone natural. Was it for you? Was it because that's what's popular right now? Did you have the expectation that more men would approach you?  Any reason for your natural hair journey that isn't completely selfish ultimately isn't going to work. 

I get that there are some black men that don't value our hair the way it grows out of our heads, but you can't make that your problem."
-Melapis-,bfi0qk,"Going to a natural hair salon for the first time and I'm totally lost on what to do?&&&Hi all, first Reddit thread of my own.

I'm totally lost. I used to flat iron my hair every week until about the second year of college (what was I thinking?) before I began to go fully natural. It was a major struggle, but eventually I figured out a decent enough wash 'n go routine I could live with.

Then a few years later, I don't know what happened, by my hormones and chemicals in my body changed my hair all over my face and head, and my hair just has kind of been even harder to figure out. It's drier, gets tangled more, and the top layer of my hair has basically always been short and broken and never really grows enough.  I try to live by with twist outs since wash 'n goes just don't do it anymore, but my hair often gets super frizzy on the top layer, and the fine hairs of my nape matt like dreads almost, even with oils.

I've cut my hair several times to kill the dead ends and now my hair is the longest it's ever been! But I'm really lost of how to treat it and manage it as it is. Maybe I'm just lazy and need to put even more time into it, but I feel like I could probably get some assistance.

I wanted to go to a salon to get some natural hair help in case there's a certain cut or style that'll work better for me and my hair. I also just want a style that may work for my round face (though that's a different matter, ahaha). But... I'm really lost on how to approach this.

I don't know what style or cut I want---what do I do? I kind of want to hope the stylist can recommend what I could need but do stylists actually do that? Or do you need to know what you want, no matter what? Do they even give natural hair advice? 

I've seen what styles and looks I like, but they're always on girls with looser texture than me, so I don't know that it's achievable for me even if I asked for it. My hair is like 3c/4a, I guess, with the the hair getting coarser as you go up from my neck to my crown. My nape is like 3a or 2c (is that a letter?) hair.

Any... thoughts? I'm so lost and don't have any friends with hair like mine. Hence, I turn to the Internet!

Thanks so much in advance. TTnTT"
Sciencegeekpremed,bfhlpi,I’d love that ❤️
Thewriterswithin,bfhlpi,"Starting a website dedicated to natural hair.&&&Hello everyone! I posted here several times before about how I think natural hair is easy to take care of once you get the hang of it,  and other things of that nature. 



I'm looking for people who are willing to post reviews or blogs on natural hair care products they are currently using. I am a natural black women myself, so I'm really freaking excited about this new website. If you are interested in posting new content on my blog, message me. :D

Hopefully a few woman will be interested. I have a lot of big ideas for this website, but I want to start slowly and build myself up.


I'm glad I got a lot of likes. Thanks guys :3&&&Yeah...... It's gonna be rough, hopefully I get a lot of support from others. :)"
harri270,bfhlpi,I had always thought about starting a blog or youtube channel or something dedocated to natural hair. I'm glad to see natural girls putting themselves out there. I would love to participate!
sqwzmahmeatybts,bfhlpi,Here to help! And congrats on taking such a big leap; really excited for you.
tangycandy,bfhlpi,Great idea!
ButteryBakedSalmon,bffbmk,"I know this sub is tired of me by now...&&&Yea, it's me again, who won't shut up about the protein overload I'm going through.

Its been technically a whole month I've been in recovery mode. Still using that Eden Body Works deep conditioner, clarifying shampoo, and like 2 protein free, coconut oil free milks from Camille rose.

**I don't have anyone to ask about this stuff offline, so I'm sorry for posting about this so much. But yall were so helpful and kind with my first post.**

But I've been doing the same routine for these four weeks: Wash day on Friday where I clarify with the deep cleansing shampoo, then deep condition with EdenBodyWorks, then detangle with Camille rose hair milk, and leave my hair in chunky twist for the week.

&#x200B;

I know it takes time, but I don't know what im doing wrong??? My curls are still so frizzy. Even though I've been deep conditioning every Friday (I don't do it more because someone on here did warn me not to overdo it).

But I've been thinking if I should do the clarifying shampoo twice a week instead of just on Friday? then I would have to do the deep conditioning twice a week. ( *I probably won't do this, and stick to the original routine tho)*.

&#x200B;

so wash day was yesterday and I did the routine blah blah. And I noticed that my breakage and shedding has decreased a good bit! I think my ends are kinda sorta improving??? not really tho. My hair still feels like straw...despite the fact that I've been following the rules in order to fix this.

&#x200B;

i was wondering if there like a  process for protein overload??

1.  like first you have hard crunch breaking hair, 
2. then as you keep moisturizing, your gets softer
3. then the breakage/shedding stops??
4. Then? the frizzyness goes away???

idk I'm shooting in the dark here

&#x200B;

And I know I'm probably being super impatient. But I thought my hair looked half decent the other day, until someone asked me what happened to my hair....so now I know my hair is obviously f\*cked up looking now.

ANd I'm starting to think that because I used heat with the protein treatment, this shit might be permanent.!

I just feel like I'm doing something wrong, because a lot of people said they saw immediate improvement after a bit and I've seen improvement but its not anything that makes me go ""*My hair is gonna be ok!""*

*should I try the salt + conditioner thing??*  
*should I do another Aztec clay mask next week?? the last one I did was a month ago*

*SHould I do the baggy method overnight?? I only did that once 3 weeks ago*

*should I try hot oil treatments?? with EVOO??*

Idk..what yall think?? I really don't wanna have to cut my hair...its almost past midback now

&#x200B;

BTW (Im 3B /3C, low porosity)&&&Oh my God! Thanks for replying!!

I feel like I'm all alone here with this overload, so thank you! Most of the forums and threads i found discussing protein overload are from 2008-ish!! So I'm really trying to ask people in 2019 these question cus the forums are dormant af!

My curls bounce back just fine like before but the frizziness is driving me nuts!! the feeling like straw is driving me nuts too! 

And I have noticed that my hair has improved a lot versus when I first started out so that's good.!

I'm so glad you're responding cus my last post got one comment, and no one else saw it or replied. And this is the only place where I can ask people about this issue and get responses!!

But Yea, i hope in the next 2 months, this clears up. I hope yours clears up to!  


cus its so annoying!&&&I should've clarified  (lol) my routine more while describing it.

During the week, at least 3 time during the week.

 ill take the twist out, remoisturize them with warter and hair milk, then retwist them and leave them alone for a day or two.

I wear my twist out to class and everything, so if I dont redo them at some point, my head will look like big fizzy mess lol&&&The Camille Rose hair milk I use is also a leave in too. I'm definitely seeing results from the hair milk! I did the baggy method twice with the hair milk the first week in recovery and that's what got my hair out of the ""*Crunchy, hard, and stiff""* phase.

Now my hair is just really frizzy, dry, and the ends are super frizzy as well. But my hair is soft now.

I trimmed my hair at the start of 2019 so my ends were pretty good already. I'm going back in after next week to do another trim, but go curl by curl. cus most of my ends aren't even split! it's just single strand knots and frizzy/dry.

I also only noticed this last night, but it seems that I've gotten out of the whole ""*a lot of breakage/shedding""* stage?? my hairs back to its usual amount of shedding ??? I'm not complaining lol

&#x200B;

And yea, I decided that if my hair is still like this by new years, imma cut it. But for now, I think it's improving...just really slow.

Thanks for commenting!&&&Thanks&&&I think it's funny that somebody downvoted this post LOL"
ajaibee,bffbmk,"I don’t have protein overload, but I do question why you are using a clarifying shampoo on a weekly basis. From what I understand, clarifying shampoos are only supposed to be used to rid your hair of buildup of products or silicon. If you don’t have either, there is no need to use it. 

I used a clarifying shampoo when I swam in a pool to remove chlorine (kinky curly come clean) or to remove a product that a little silicone in it to combat humidity. The over use of the clarifying shampoo maybe causing the continued frizziness of your hair. Try using a non protein cowash for a few weeks to see if that helps."
glodoll,bffbmk,"I am EXACTLY in the same situation. I have been recovering now for three weeks using protein free products and clarifying and my curls are also very frizzy and they have only proved a tiny bit. I think I already commented on your other post. Don't deep condition more than once a week even if you clarify more, you might get moisture overload. Same for deep conditioning overnight. The Aztec mask is good for improving your hair after protein overload so do it at most once per week if you need to. Deep condition with heat. Water down your thick products. Do small trims, but I don't you have to cut your hair off. You can do hot oil treatments but with lighter oils since you don't want buildup to make your hair  brittle like the protein.
After your hair does improve, don't forget to do a protein treatment/deep condition once a month."
lemontimes2,bffbmk,"You might be over washing. Try incorporating co washing. And possibly try moisturizing throughout the week instead of just keeping it in twists until wash day. Try washing once every 2 weeks instead of once a week.&&&I see. If you aren’t seeing results from the hair milk, have you considered trying other products? Maybe a leave in? I tend to use leave in as a moisturizer. For some reason for my hair, moisturizers don’t work. You may be in a similar situation. WORST case scenario, you may have to cut your hair if it’s damaged from the protein. Or transition if you don’t want to big chop. Hopefully switching your product will help.&&&Oh! I see. Maybe try adding a styler for frizz? I don’t use it anymore, but I got great results with the garnier fructis sleek and shine serum. It eliminated ALL frizz. I stopped using it bc I went silicone free for a while, but it’s really a great product."
FaerieQueef,bfdc3i,"Look up methods for stretching your hair. 

Banding is one technique that works similar to a blow out."
StarFizzle,bfdc3i,"What can I do about my drawn up hair?&&&My hair is about 6 inches long, but its so curly, drawn up, and thick that it looks like an inch long Jackson 5 afro. My curls are also extremely small. I wet it, condition it, and pull it out  every morning to try and get the original length back but it’ll draw back up by the end of the day. Anyone with a similar hair type have a different routine or advice? Thanks.&&&Thanks. I actually keep my hair in twists. I get them redone every 3 months. I took them out the twists yesterday and my hair was past my neck.  Today I already have my fro back. It’s crazy how much my hair likes to draw up!"
juniper_fox,bfdc3i,"Honestly shrinkage is a good sign (as inconvenient as it can be, says the girl who cut her almost waist length hair to a tapered fro figuring I could sometimes wear the front so it would lay like curly bangs, pfft)

Your best bet is to do some stretched styles like twist outs/braid outs or maybe even using a little bit of heat from a blow dryer and pulling the hair taut for a bit. But really, it's part of having curly hair, my coils/curls are tiny too like baby curls lol. The real issue is if your hair stops shrinking up though =P"
sqwzmahmeatybts,bfdc3i,"Keep it stretched in things like twists and braids, and you should be able to see your length better."
twilover628,bfdc3i,"That’s just a part of having natural hair. You can try on YouTube methods to hang your hair for longer, like using a diffuser to let it dry in it’s stretched state. Overall this is one of the annoying things that comes with having naturally hair. Your true length doesn’t really show unless you use heat."
sophia_lhyn,bem17f,recommend me an affordable but good hair dryer&&&[removed]
TeyanaTheCreator,beko7n,"How to get Teyana Taylor's short black bob after cutting off dreads?&&&So right now I have dreads that reach a little down my back and at my boobs and I'm ready to cut them off.  Growing up, my mom was a struggling single parent, so styling my hair was not a priority.  I used to go to school with a damaged perm looking HIT y'all, and still don't know much about hair care.  Anyway, I went natural in college, then dreads because they're so low maintenance, but now that I am older and have my own money and time, I want to be able to have straight hair and actually take care of it.  

My original plan was to cut my dreads short, then comb them out.  I'm torn between getting a relaxer, a brazilian keratin treatment, or an amino acid treatment.  Then, I want my hair styled in a short bob like Teyana Taylor's (if you google 'teyana taylor short black bob' it's the pic of her in the white crop top).

My question is, which method would be healthiest, and which method would make my hair bounciest/shiniest?  I don't just want straight hair, I want it to look pretty and moisturized and for it to move when I move.  Ideally, I'd like to have a treatment that straightens my hair temporarily and then it eventually goes back to an afro, but I may get a buzzcut later on so I'm cool with permanent straightening as well. I'm really afraid I'll cut my dreads and then go back to having stiff, thin straight hair like in high school"
Ecolleenwest,be7q7n,4b hair help with moisture&&&[removed]
CoffeeB4Talkie,be2jip,"Can your hair tolerate protein? Is it possible that you have moisture overload and can benefit from a protein treatment? 

I do wash n go's but I don't wash everyday. My curls pretty much stay in place, but I will wet it a bit... depending on how it feels, I'll add oil as needed."
LifesOke,be2jip,"I completely dried out my hair. Any remedies?&&&So a few years ago, I did the big chop. For a long time, I was washing my hair everyday because it was just convenient for me to do a wash and go, but now I’ve completely dried out my hair. It doesn’t regain moisture like it used to. In the past by the end of the day my curls were still jumpy, but now they’re mostly just frizz. Ive stopped washing my hair everyday and resorted to just spritzing it with a bottle in the morning, but just trying to get back to what my hair used to be. What are some good products or masks I can use in order to get that moisture back and how often would I need to do them?"
lulumajorca,be2jip,Do you wash your hair everyday with traditional sulfate based shampoo? If so you can keep your same routine and just switch the shampoo out with a with a sulfate free cleanser or a conditioner and co-wash. I do this every other day and usually shampoo once a week when I deep condition. Ive been using the Giovanni 2chic line but it works with any decent conditioner tbh.
mousemarie94,be2jip,"Are you conditioning your hair? Deeply? Weekly? Or more? 

May solve some issues."
