index,id,comments
AppeaseMyDelusions,cafrcz,"Have you tried doing a hair mask..i use bentonite clay and acv then follow it up with a hot oil treatment (on a non lazy day) works for me.
  I agree with the previous posters im sure it will revert back though"
DSTST,cafrcz,"Natural hair ruined by chlorine pool. Help!&&&I'm currently on vacation in Jamaica and swam in a family members pool. Since then my hair has been wrecked. I'm a 4a/4b and there is little to book curl, its rough like a Brillo pad, and is not curling with any amount of conditioner or double butter cream or anything. I'm freaking out. Afraid I'll have to big chop again after years of growth. I'm not in my usual surroundings so idk what to get or do to get it to revert back to its natural curl. I booked for a hair salon in a few days and i hope to god they know how handle natural hair, because almost everyone here has a perm, but I can hope. Do you guys have any tips, tricks, suggestions? I'll listen to anything at this point. Please help me!"
SamTheeRuler,cafrcz,"You have to use something clarifying like shampoo or an avc rinse to get the chlorine out. Then I suggest a good, moisturizing deep conditioner. 

Also for the future, whenever you go swimming and you plan to get your hair wet, always wet your hair before going into any body of water. It prevents the absorption of water from said body of water."
TuffTitti,cafrcz,"please try a true swimmers shampoo & conditioner, or a chelating shampoo/conditioner - there's also a mineral build up treatment for only \~4 [malibu hard water wellness remedy](https://www.amazon.com/Malibu-Hard-Water-Wellness-Remedy/dp/B0019HYC6G/ref=sr_1_24?crid=QWO3UWAU8QUW&keywords=chelating+shampoo&qid=1562559810&s=gateway&sprefix=chelating+%2Cbeauty%2C135&sr=8-24) Shea moisture has a clarifying shampoo that might help too."
bitchcraftmra,cafrcz,"This has never happened to me and I have 4c hair, so I’m assuming it will revert back. Obviously I can’t give the best advice, but just apply oil and leave in and do some conditioning treatments"
lavasca,cafrcz,"What does “chelating” mean or do, please?"
AppeaseMyDelusions,caefjd,If youre going to keep it braided its really simple. After you take down your hair let a hair stylist trim your ends every 6 -8 weeks. Keep your hands out your head. Oil your scalp and just because youre natural does not mean you have to become a product junkie.
SleepieSheepie8,caefjd,"Personally, I big chopped because i couldn’t stand the two different textures. I have mostly 3c hair and i didn’t want to put in the effort to style it so it wasn’t so obvious. My hair grows really fast though so I cut it back in January and now, when it’s straight, it touches my bra strap. It’s up to you. Some people don’t mind the short length, others will. I, for one, don’t care about length. Do whatever you’re comfortable with. If you’re even remotely hesitant about big chopping then just don’t do it :)"
ericaeveryday,caefjd,"Your journey will and should be so personal. Do what makes you feel best or your hair will consume in the worst way. Try your best to ignore people’s unwarranted opinions as there will be a lot of those. 

With that said, if I, personally, re did my journey, I would BC so I could have enjoyed my hair  at every stage. I was like you, not sure I would be comfortable with short hair. Now my hair is almost at tailbone length and sometimes I’m still curious what I would like with a TWA when I see ladies rocking theirs. Obviously, hair will grow back, sure, but not for a while. Where as, if I had already cut it, that itch would be out the way.

TLDR, do whatever makes you feel good :)"
flukystraw00,caefjd,Any advice or recommendations for someone starting natural hair journey?&&&I recently decided to go natural. I am getting box braids Saturday to protect my hair and grow my natural texture some more. Is it bad if I keep getting box braids until I get comfortable enough with my length to cut it or should I go straight for a big chop/transitioning? Is it better to big chop or transition? Any tips would be appreciated. Thanks in advance.
batty_luvs,ca6a0m,Did you let it cool in the refrigerator? If you didn't maybe try that. I never had this issue with my gel
cyberpoetiques,ca6a0m,"Flaxseed gel tips?&&&Hi, I was hoping someone could give me some tips on using flaxseed gel as diy hair gel. I used Naptural85's reciepe for making it and it came perfect, super thick just the way I wanted it. However when I am in the shower trying to apply it to my hair (using an applicator bottle) my gel is no long thick, but runny. Does anyone else have this issue?....it super frustrating to make this gel only to have the majority of it slide/drip out of my hands before I can even apply it to my hair. Any suggestions as to what I maybe doing wrong?...

UPDATE: Thanks for the fridge advise everyone, that's what really made the difference! Leaving the gel in the fridge until I was ready to use kept it very thick and I was able to apply it to my hair better without it being running. Thanks again!"
heavwhit,ca6a0m,maybe it’s the heat from the bathroom. i keep mines in the fridge and when it’s only out in room temp it’s thick
millaisme,ca6a0m,The heat from the shower is making it runny??
see_bee_run,ca6a0m,I stopped making it for this very reason....it just rolled of he strands of my hair when I tried to apply it. I’d have to take globs of it and then really smush/work it in. And I think that technique also resulted in it flaking later on. Maybe we boiled it too long? Or maybe something like olive oil should be added...
ssuperwoman,ca6a0m,"Leave it in the fridge. Mine almost went bad when I left it out. It got really thick when I put it in the fridge though, actually gel-like and was a lot easier to use."
AppeaseMyDelusions,ca4ehl,"Faux locs- She make individual plaits in your hair-then she will use marley hair and wrap it around your real hair attaching the faux loc while doing so
Depends on the stylist on how long it can take. But with faux locs you should walk out the salon with the style. 
Look up faux locs/ loc extensions on youtube&&&Satin bonnet or wave cap and regular retwist...once you hair actually fuse to the faux hair (4c locs really fast) then you can wash them regularly."
ventriloquism5,ca4ehl,"How would I get Killmonger type dreads?&&&I really don't mind the fact that they're rugged, I have 4c hair that's probably 3.5 inches picked out.

&#x200B;

https://preview.redd.it/xxjtqrlf6u831.png?width=1443&format=png&auto=webp&s=67ed4e0ab8a0ec718cf2c1a980b22e67b503bce2

[When it was in twists.](https://preview.redd.it/uz470glf6u831.png?width=573&format=png&auto=webp&s=a7a1565b93a7d704137e7878f009c975120f309a)

I want to go to a stylist and have faux locs installed. I'm ready to pay the price, I'm just wondering how I can prepare for that visit, and how can I maintain them and keep them looking like this?

&#x200B;

https://preview.redd.it/ib4ke4il6u831.jpg?width=389&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=9f5d09004af3d0295929856b8761862009b9f9ea&&&Thank you!!!&&&How would a stylist do my hair, and how long would it take for me to get my hair like Killmonger’s?"
ChasingKills,c9wzge,Best way to find hands-on teaching natural hairstyles? I've tried online for months with no results and family/friends are no help.&&&
PigmentedLady,c9wzge,"Try FroTorial app. Its a social media app


I think this community will benefit plus its solely for us and curlies, more of us than anything"
Practical_Sound,c9wzge,"Whoa, I had no idea this existed. Thank you, internet person!!"
suckcess1,c9wzge,"I used to buy DVDs for braiding, twists, cornrows from Marquetta Breslin.  I don't know if she still sells them but perhaps contact her.

 [https://www.marquettabreslin.com/](https://www.marquettabreslin.com/)"
BigBlackGothBitch,c9twlk,"As someone with unruly baby hairs, plain stuff almost never works :( will it get the hairs soft and smooth? Sure. Will I look like a troll doll? Yes"
EnlightndMind,c9twlk,If it’s moisturizing and has water as an ingredient or don’t put it on dry edges then yea it’s healthy. Try not too manipulate too much.
PigmentedLady,c9twlk,"Homemade Flax seed gel is awesome!&&&If you have: 

Dry, itchy, irritable scalp issues or diseases (common seborrheic dermatitis and scalp infections) 

Thin 

Sensitive

Hair, then no. It is not healthy to use edge control. 

Avoid ingredients that are drying, irritable, used in car products, etc 


The scalp needs to breathe, its still a breathing organ and needs oxygen just like the rest of your body. If you want to retain growth, then most harsh edge control is not good for the scalp.&&&Also try homemade irish sea moss gel OP!!!"
Primary-Lecture-8076,c9twlk,"This is so awesome and so helpful, especially for those who love DIYs and knowing what ingredients are in their beauty and skincare. Keep up the great work! you can check <a href=""https://www.idealglow.store/product/ultimate-moisture-shampoo/"">moisture shampoo</a>"
Sea_Soil,c9twlk,"I don't think there's a point if you are completely natural (I don't wear wigs, or any added hair, just the stuff that grows out of my head in it's natural form) . I've never used edge control and my edges are super healthy and thick. 

I bet just plain aloe vera or shea butter would work to smooth things down if you must."
Storytella2016,c9twlk,"I only use alcohol free edge control and only on days I really need it, and my hair is much healthier than when I did it every day."
WeSleepAlone,c9twlk,Is using edge control healthy?&&&I’m natural and have always used edge control. I’m noticing that I cannon retain length on my hairline. I just recently bought Mielle edge control because it’s all natural and organic. I read that using edge control is not good for your hairline because of the alcohol in it. So I’m using an edge control that has no alcohol. I used to wear sew ins and not take good care or my hair. I recently changed to making u part wigs that I can take off every night and care for my hair. I wash and deep condition twice a week and moisture with LCO.
dyam,c9twlk,"Honestly, no holding product is “healthy” for your hair. Even the ones that say they are moisturizing, or alcohol free, or strengthening, or whatever else. Products that hold make your hair stiff, which can cause breakage. Edges are naturally much softer and thinner, which makes them even more susceptible to breakage. 

Occasional use is fine, especially when you wash it out and re-moisturize and the end of the day. But daily use, especially just if you just reapply every day without washing it out is certainly not healthy for your hair and will eventually cause breakage and thinning.

What I do is slab on some leave in conditioner, brush my edges down to how I want with a soft bristly brush, and then wrap with a satin scarf and let it dry. If I’m in a hurry, I’ll apply a little heat over the scarf with my blow dryer. But usually, i just leave it in while I’m getting ready and I’ll take it off when I get to work. It normally stays put pretty well unless I sweat or it’s rainy or humid."
lavasca,c9twlk,I am intrigued.  I’ve been natural for 4 years and have only heard about edge control in the past couple years.  Most women in my family don’t do it.
thatsameawkwardgirl,c9twlk,"Yeah it's bad. Your edges are delicate, especially because they're manipulated alot from using brushes and just sleeping on it. There's constantly friction there, that's why for most people they're short, and for some, non existent. Like some have already mentioned, homemade flaxseed gel, shea butter, or hair grease is a better alternative. That, and a scarf, or anything to hold them down. But for me, I'd rather just leave them alone. Mine are thick and on average about 4 inches long.

If you want to regrow them, try using castor oil, or Jamaican black castor oil. They'll grow it back, and even thicker and stronger than before.

But if you can't help using edge control. I recommend adding the oil anyway first, to protect your hair from the gel."
HeyItsKimberlee,c9qrz2,"I wouldn’t say your hair has to be in a protective style to grow but I think the less you do with your hair, the more it will grow. And don’t worry too much about the exact definition of natural. I leave it at not having my hair relaxed/texturized. No chemical processing. If others have a different definition, cool. If you end up having a different definition, that’s cool too."
churrybum,c9qrz2,"are twist outs/braid outs bad?&&&all my life i’ve worn braids and other protective styles to grow my hair, my hair is at a length that i want it now, i trimmed off all the damage i’m thinking about going natural, but what exactly is natural? 
is it just no chemicals/heat and weaves? and will wearing it out all the time make it now grow as much? i would probably just band my hair and do braid out/twist outs all the time since they’re low manipulation styles. 

basically, does your hair have to be in a protective style for it to grow?"
paceandunderstanding,c9qrz2,"Not disagreeing with you here, but you prompted some interesting thoughts for me.

I am thinking now the only 100% natural, for anyone, is product free, manipulation free hair.  (no twist out, heavy gel, etc) 

I can’t make a scientific distinction between a defined twist out and a blow out:  One uses heat to accelerate the same process of reassembling hydrogen bonds for the hair to take a different shape.  In both cases the hair is temporarily taking on a non-natural form by the same physical principles and requires moisture (reapplication of hydrogen) to return to natural state. 

So for me blow outs, presses, twist-outs, stretching, etc are all the same level of ‘naturalness’.  Even though the non heat options are usually less damaging, and more natural-looking.*"
ttcool8,c9qrz2,"Natural is just having no chemical or thermal alternations done to the hair. So if I were to straighten my hair, it would be my natural hair straightened. But if i got heat damage I’d still be natural but not 100%

I’ve grown my hair best with twist and braid outs. My hair thrives when left alone and when stretched. My hair is just grazing bra strap length but it barely reaches my shoulders when shrunken so I can wear my hair down frequently so long as it’s not rubbing on my clothes"
CoffeeB4Talkie,c9oz25,Oh I love my tangle teezer. Even got a back up. It makes detangling so much easier and better when doing my daughter's hair too.
MadamCookie,c9oz25,"If your hair feels coarse run a detangling tool through it&&&I was detangling my hair tonight when I realized how rough and dry my strands felt although I added my favorite products. I was about to grab my scissors to trim when I decided to give my good ole tangle teezer a whirl. 

Oh. My. God.

My hair became so smooth, shiny, elongated and back to NORMAL. I always forget that my fine strands LOVE to create very small tangles that are hard to recognize at first until I pull apart my clumped curls. Tools are not the devil if you know how to utilize them!"
MemphisOshun,c9n28j,Does hair seem to grow more when dirty?&&&[removed]
Jojotherabbit123,c9lbwu,"Sew-In Hair prep!&&&Hello everyone! I just got a wig and I am gonna have it sewn in this weekend. I wanted to know any tips that can help keep my hair in good condition while it’s protected. I did a hot oil and a deep conditioner treatment yesterday and my hair responds well to weaves and sew-ins. 

With my hair I have been putting a little water and sealing it with a lil leave in conditioner and oil and it helped TREMENDOUSLY with breakage but it somehow still felt dry, thus making me do it almost daily, and I am afraid of buildup underneath the wig. Maybe I put too much? Tips?"
radlegend,c9lbwu,"Weekly co-washes with lots of conditioner & a mask. Depending on how thick the conditioner is, you don't have to rinse it all out. 

Also try those spritzers with a mix of conditioner and water - if the mixture is light enough you could probably spritz every other day."
GloriaG14,c9l8gr,I like to do the greenhouse method oil treatments when my hair is in twists and I’ve noticed that it’s gotten pretty dry. You just cover your hair in an oil that can penetrate the hair shaft (I usually use olive oil) then cover your hair with a shower cap/plastic bag and then put a scarf over it and leave it overnight. The next day your hair will be super soft and moisturized.
Sea_Soil,c9l8gr,"What you described would work perfectly but you don't need to take them down. I would recommend focusing on just the ends because the rest of the hair (inner hair) stays moisturizes and protected from the elements as long as its in a twist. Putting leave in and oil on my hair everyday would cause a ton of build-up. 

&#x200B;

I have normal porosity hair but I noticed that as long as I properly moisturize my hair before twisting (LOC or LCO) I can keep them in for a week and when I untwist them after 7-10 days the inside is still super moisturized. It's just the ends that dry out."
Wind_your_neck_in,c9l8gr,Thats exactly the best way to moisturize
empathalogist,c9l8gr,You can also give the twists a gentle squeeze to help the moisture and oil penetrate your twists.
moonchild2998,c9l8gr,"How to moisturized hair in twist?&&&I know I posted here yesterday but I’m back again with a question. I’m trying to take the “lazy” approach to my hair, as in not manipulating it more than once or twice a week. I’ve taken to leaving it in two strand twist which I then cover with my scarf. I have a pretty low key job working with kids so I have no one to impress, so it’s perfect. 

But how can I moisturize my hair in twist? Can I spray them with water and then add some leave in and oil? Will that manage to get the most inner strands? I just don’t want to have keep manipulating my hair all that often.&&&Okay thank you! I just thought it would be excessive to take them down just to moisturized and put them right back up&&&That’s a brilliant idea!"
BlankeSpace,c9kix9,"My friend does flat twist and her hair doesn’t have that much shrinkage. I do two strand twist and band them or pin them up to reduce shrinkage. 

If you can, I know a few who uses the curl stretch cream by Shea Moisture and DevaCurl and it works nicely for type 4 hair."
MadamCookie,c9kix9,After every style I do (twist out/braid out/wash n go) I braid my DRY hair. I split it down the middle and loosely braid each side into 5 or more sections. I make sure to leave the ends out and tie the end with small scrunchies to hold it in place. I only do this for the first night and the rest of the week I pull it in a low ponytail.
kayla_babes,c9kix9,"You can try the “banding” method which just involves wrapping elastic bands around the twists to keep them stretched 

 Or when you sleep you can divid your twists in half and cross them (right hand pulls hair on left side to the right and vice versa) and wrap with a scarf!!"
moonchild2998,c9kix9,"I do this! I have like 99% shrinkage (or something like that) and the bands definitely help. If I don’t use them, my shoulder length hair becomes a barely ear length twist out. It’s rough"
throwawaymyhomies,c9kix9,"How to retain length from twist out?&&&Hey so I'm kinda new at maintaining natural hair. I've generally always just left it in braids or let other people style it for me, but long story short, I'm doing it myself now and there's a lot of basics I don't really know. Just about 6 months ago did I start doing twist outs. I didn't really put much care into them because my hair wasn't too long. But good looking twists seem to be vital now.

That's where the problem comes in. I did my twist outs on stretched hair. Used my new products and after taking the products out, my hair length reverted right back to it's natural length. It was the same length as when I get out of the shower. I decided to add some volume to see if that would add some length and it did virtually nothing. I lost a lot of definition, got volume, but got very little length.

I was wondering if there's a way to help keep my length. I'm broke asf, and so I would preferably not like to spend more money to try other products and get similar results. Are there any tricks to maintaining length? Would wrapping my twists in flexi rods help maintain length? Would flat twists solve this issue? Also, would combing my hair as I do a twist help retain length? Any information would help. Thanks."
CoffeeB4Talkie,c9hkqm,"I just want to say to pay attention to what kind of deep conditioner you use. I would start out with a moisturizing one, as opposed to a protein one.

Shea Moisture was too heavy for my hair. I found out that my hair is low porosity, so I use lighter products. I use a leave in on wet hair. Not dry, not damp. If needed, seal with a light oil.

Also, I know I sound like broken record, because I always say these things, but I do NOT do cold water rinses. Warm water only (more on the hotter side than cold).

I use The Mane Choice products. I also use pureed aloe leaves, and JBCO. I've heard great things about the Kinky-Curly brand. I purchased the shampoo and leave in/detangler. Haven't had the chance to use it yet though."
Dubious_Unknown,c9hkqm,"Am I taking care of my hair enough? Am I doing it right?&&&4b/4c undefined short dry, friZzy hair, male. It looks like a tiny short afro when in reality it's been massively shrunk and when stretched can reveal it to be about 4 inches. Nobody ever really gone out of their way to educate me on my hair, so I done some extensive research. Here's where I came to a conclusion and put into practice the last few months.

1. I used to always play with my hair with my hands or use picks to fluff up my hair dry or just flat out never moisturizing it. Now: I either always keep it in a durag and wear it around or to sleep or wear a hat cap, always for work. My hair is out, usually compressed about 10% of the time while the rest is either my hair is always under a durag or work cap. I switched to silky satin pillow cases. I also never really comb it or pick it out unless I have either spray some water on it or put my JBCO conditioner in, acting as a detangler.

2. Used to seldom use shampoo and conditioner. Sometimes soap. Never condition. Now: Because of a small dandruff problem I use Nizoral every week and Shea Moisture JBCO conditioner either every week or mid week if I feel like refreshing my hair. Then I use Africa's Best Herbal Gro to.

3. Used to never, EVER deep condition. Now: tbh I still haven't tried deep condition but I want to so I just ordered a Hot Head thermal cap. I don't know what deep conditioner would work best for me.

4. I tried to use the LCO method but it didn't really work for me. I tried using Shea moisture/Cantu leave in and olive oil but it has a tendency of leaving residue. So I stopped using the LCO and was recommended using Herbal Gro from Africa's Best. Smells nice, and it isn't too greasy but I feel it's not doing anything for my hair. Because it gets dry the next 2 days.

When I started doing these things, the quality of my hair started to improve alot and it's no longer feeling like a crispy leaf ready to snap any moment. It feels softer than usual, and I don't lose alot of hair because of low manipulation, detangling when wet or conditioned, and always wearing something on top of it.

However, it's still kinda dry. After I moisturized it, it'll stay moisturized until the next 2 days.


Besides deep conditioning it, what more can I do? Was I LCOing wrong? What products would work best for short, dry, friZzy 4b/4c hair?"
Storytella2016,c9hkqm,"Honestly, just like I have to moisturize my face every day (I’m in my 40s), I have to moisturize my hair every day. It sounds like you’re doing a lot right, except you have the assumption that haircare doesn’t necessarily mean daily care. It’s totally ok that your routine works well, but you can’t go three days without moisture."
tenoasis,c9hkqm,"I just learned that I have low porosity hair as well! What creams and butters do you use for your LCO? I’ve been using Cantu’s leave in conditioner for years but I also just learned that Cantu’s brand as a whole is drying for my hair. I’m trying to find a new oil (Argan, jojoba, castor, tea oil) to use as well. I just don’t want to spend a lot of money on products I may not need and learn from someone who has low porosity natural hair as well"
amel-i,c9eorp,"What do you guys think about this? I have low porosity 3c-4a very dry hair, would you recommend this?&&&"
y_99,c9a64e,Moisture: The most important concept for faster hair growth - The Hairtress&&&[removed]
shewhoshallnotbe,c99ufy,Big chopped over a year ago and have been letting my fro do what he wants to do lol&&&
Preshylust,c98yzm,I use the denman brush. LOVE IT!
black_beautytlc,c98yzm,Has anyone ever tried the D31 or D41 denman brush?&&&I feel like the original brushes such as the D4 rip my hair out even if I modify them.
CoffeeB4Talkie,c98in3,"I find that oils don't work for my scalp at all. 

I grease it while my scalp is still damp. Haven't had an issue with itchy, dry, flaky scalp since. 

I also have been adding tea tree oil when I shampoo."
HeyItsKimberlee,c98in3,"Could be the oil you’re using. I use Black Seed Oil, very light, and sometimes Jamaican Black Castor Oil, very thick, I used to use oils from natural hair lines but I think they had too many other random chemicals and it would cause my hair to be so dry and flakey after like 2 days so I switched."
bigtittycam24,c98in3,"Dry scalp&&&I wash my hair 1-2 times a week and use leave-in conditioner as well as Camille Rose natural hair oil to moisturize my scalp. 2-3 days after washing, my scalp is very flaky and dry despite that I moisturize every single day.

Does anyone have any recommended products? Am I doing something wrong here?

I have type 4b hair.

UPDATE: I tried using BLUE MAGIC for one week. I used it at nighttime before wrapping my head and then I’d put a thin layer on in this morning. Still by mid-day, my scalp was VISIBLY dry. 

This week, I’m going to try to combine the use of the Camille Rose oil and Blue Magic. I’m using the oil first and then putting the grease on after so that it seals in the oil. Hopefully this method works! 

Stay tuned for another update :)&&&I tried Blue Magic and I’m getting very pleasant results :)

I used it for the first time last night and I already see a huge difference in my scalp this morning! 

Whenever I moisturized with the Camille Rose Oil at night, I was flaky the next morning but this time I DID NOT experience any flakiness the following morning after using Blue Magic

Definitely recommend!&&&What do you use to grease your scalp?"
qblakeuk,c98in3,what you need is sulfur8 medicated shampoo i used to have the same isssue. Furthermore i would recommend using a noursihing scalp oil like [Alikay Naturals Essential 17](https://www.blackbeautique.com/products/alikay-naturals-essential-17-hair-growth-oil-236ml) regularly to keep scalp hydrated.
shortcake21,c98in3,"I have the same issue, and it’s gotten progressively worse throughout the years. Interested to see what others recommend"
DaniMrynn,c93jj8,Get those curls!!
JadedMis,c93jj8,"It looks really good! Mods, can we get a sidebar of great natural hair stylists?"
Leeara1,c93jj8,That hair color is gorg.!! When should you get a haircut?
WtfWhistle,c93jj8,I got a much needed haircut. I loved how the back looked and wants to share.&&&
ebuhhlen,c93jj8,omg those curls look bomb
ineverhadyourbabytom,c93jj8,Yaaaaaaas my highly melaninted Queeeeeeeen!
shychickennugget_,c93jj8,Do you have highlights? Your curls look gorgeous!
MadamCookie,c8y2sd,If you have high porosity hair I would recommend the maui moisture curl smoothie paired with a thick leave in like the Camille rose sundae glaze.
boldkulturebeauty,c8y2sd,"What is your hair texture? If you're looking for something to add a little weight, sometimes leave in conditioners will do the trick.  I would caution against anything too heavy or thick because that an actually cause build up, if not properly cleansed from the strands, and cause the hair to look and feel dry. I would stick with plant based water soluble products because they are easier to remove from the hair. some of my favorites are Kinky Curly Knot today, Camille Rose moisture milk and Tre'Luxe Untie the Knot."
saucetheauxx,c8y2sd,Products for Moisture Recommendations?&&&I’m looking for a product that moistures and weighs hair down. I actually like products that give my hair a good weigh.&&&thank you for this! I have 3c hair&&&thank you!
