index,id,comments
BraidingBeast,bqp5l7,I love the Jamaican Mango & Lime mango papaya scented black castor oil. Works wonders for my hair and smells so good!
Hopeforabettertaco,bqp5l7,Dark and lovely au naturale products have a really great smell. Very fruity and the smell isn’t too strong.
Jagb52,bqp5l7,Everything Cantu and As I am
NsideDaNsideda,bqp5l7,"If you already have unscented products that you like, you can go the DIY route and add fragrance oils.  The Bulk Apothecary site has lots of pineapple and mango scents.  Or if you're ok with the cost and time for online vendors, check out Annabelle's Perfect Blends."
chapine,bqp5l7,"Fruity-smelling product recommendations&&&Hello y'all! I was walking down the street and a shorter girl passed me and I got a whiff of her hair and it smelled divine! It smelled like mango and was truly the best smelling thing I've ever experienced. I wanted to stop and ask her what she uses, but I was running to take a final. Do y'all have any fruity product recommendations? It doesn't matter if it's shampoo, conditioner, leave-in, whatever. I just want my hair to smell tasty! 


I like mango and pineapple but I'm down for whatever. Bonus if there's a good body lotion :) Is coconut a fruit? I'm anti-coconut"
cherryjune,bqp5l7,The Beautiful Textures line smells amazing! Very sweet and tropical.
legatron27,bqp5l7,"The Kinky Curly ""Knot Today"" leave in has a nice, light & fruity scent"
magicmusi8,bqp5l7,Curls blueberry bliss is super duper fruity.
ow-mylife,bqp5l7,The Alikay Naturals line smells really fruity
raqqqers,bqp5l7,I usually dont like strong smells in my hair but my one exception is the Jane Carter Nourish and Shine Mango Butter. It smells so gooooooood!!💖
marynketiah1,bqmk7l,Crazy growth in a year&&&
CoffeeB4Talkie,bqjvx1,"For me, after I rinse out the conditioner/deep conditioner (whichever one I do last)."
MisSinterpreter123,bqjvx1,"Shampoo, deep condition (rinse it out in cold water after 30 minutes), towel dry, use some leave in and the go on with the other steps. 


Optional: Spritz hair during the week with a mix of 1 part leave in to 2 parts water if needed."
QueenCalli,bqjvx1,Before ur styler when hair is still wet xx
colors32,bqjvx1,"Personally for me,I have the best results when my hair is damp not wet. My hair is low porosity tho lol. I usually wait a bit and do something else before applying my leave in."
dudebigrob,bqjvx1,When is the best time to use a leave in conditioner?&&&
leeleep93,bqjvx1,"I put it in while I'm still in the shower and put a shower cap on, because some times I'm a lazy natural"
nursebae,bqjvx1,I put it in after I wash and condition my hair.
wildhuntressophelia,bqjvx1,"A lot of people claim right out the shower is best, while your hair is still wet and can absorb the products."
zawati_,bqjvx1,I do mine right after shampoo-ing because my leave-in has a lot of protein and I like to put it in when my hair is at its cleanest. Afterwards I do conditioning and everything else
DragonMaouss,bqibne,I begin the LOC method. Do i need a cream to put on my hair everyday on the loc method or no ? + Here the products i use for LOC&&&
tonieyan,bq9oec,"Hey guys, what are your favorite protective styles for the summertime? Mini twists are my favorite because they’re so easy but I need something new!&&&"
HeyItsKimberlee,bq8bpm,Isn’t it called yaki hair when it’s a coarser kinky curl? I think that’s what I used to look up.
floralsparkk,bq8bpm,"Isee hair. Very affordable. I've ordered 6 times now. Very happy.

Deep curl and kinky curl are my fav"
juiceiscold,bq8bpm,"Yep, I have a friend who uses this company and they ship worldwide, hope this helps 

https://m.hergivenhair.com/index/?h=ig"
millievanilly,bq8bpm,"Does anyone know if there is such thing as human hair that is textured just like 4a-4b hair? If so, any recommendations?&&&I know there are loads of hairs that look like 3c textured hair but is there any that's just a bit tougher slightly more similar to the smoother textured Marley hair that would look realistic with 4a hair? Would be good to find a supplier in the UK that does clip ins, half wigs, extension bits etc for my cheat days but human hair would last a lot longer then countless bundles of synthetic hair.

Thanks everyone"
moreizmore,bq8bpm,[Heat Free Hair](https://heatfreehair.com) For Kinks Collection
tooptoop,bq8bpm,https://miyihair.com
ellababiie21,bq2t9o,Help us make our dream a reality&&&
akumangie,bq1y1m,Wanna learn a simple and cute braid style u can do at home? Watch my short tutorial and let me know your opinion.&&&
dsgdf,bq1ojz,"Greasy hair&&&Technically I‘ve been natural for a couple of years (on and off), but I started really taking care of my hair around July last year. From what I can tell my hair is high porosity but whenever I put products in it after wash day, my hair just feels so greasy. Like, if I touch it the next days my hands will be full of grease. Is that normal? Or does that mean that my hair doesn‘t absorb the products? I‘m currently using the LCO method and I‘m pretty sure my hair is not low porosity...
What am I doing wrong?"
MisSinterpreter123,bpkj5m,You've never deep conditioned?
leeleep93,bpkj5m,You got it. Just keep it up
llama_alpaca234,bpkj5m,Pray for me&&&today is the first time deep conditioning my hair for years. I'm just hoping it comes out right. i got a 4a/4c mess but that's my own fault.&&&Lol I've always been terrible at doing my hair and keeping it moisturized.&&&Not in years. I felt like I wasn't getting any results. I did finally find a product that my hair responds pretty well to.
paceandunderstanding,bpkj5m,"lol, deep conditioning is like the safest thing you can do!  Nothing to worry about!! :)"
curlsforever7384it4,bp5am6,2 strand twist advice&&&[removed]
Niasmomma99,boxook,"High pony/puff (hair atop the head), and try wrapping styles that involve tying the fabric in front. Fabric with a little stretch might help also."
Practical_Sound,boxook,"This was posted a while ago and I don't know if OP is still checking, but I'm an almost-every-day headwrap wearer with fairly short hair and I use a shaper (you can see examples [here from one site](https://wrapunzel.com/product-category/essential-tools/)) when I need more volume."
ScaredThug,boxook,Came here to say that.
k4tp33,boxook,"Head Wrap Question&&&Apologies if there’s another subreddit for this. But the back of my head is flatflatflat. Anything I tie around it just falls off. But it’s nearly beach and festival and beach festival season where I am, and I would love to be able to wear some simple wraps to keep my hair from too much sun exposure. Does anyone have any advice on how to keep them on my head? TIA!"
spottieottiekhaleesi,boxook,You can make a big bun in the back using some braiding hair or a scarf around a ponytail to make a base to put your head wrap over
tbrooksbitch,boxook,"I have the same issue . I use one scarf & pin it down . like , an absurd amount of pins to make sure it stays on . then I wrap the second patterned scarf over it & that seems to work ."
Khunte99,bosrqy,"I literally had the same experience. I ended up cutting my hair down to .5 inches 6 months ago. Currently it's length is at 1.5 inches give or take, but through these 6 months I didn't have to do too much to my hair and I was able to see which products work for me and which don't. Currently I use Camile Rose Naturals and that really works on my hair but I'm still trying to discover a shampoo and conditioner I can use without it drying my hair completely after I was it (currently use Camille Rose Naturals shampoo and conditioner) My sister suggested researching how to take care of it, but like you I don't have either 1. the time, or 2. the money for it so I'm just using the rest of the products until I run out to try a new brand of sort. Now cutting off all your hair and starting over may seem daunting and extreme but I'm pretty sure I cleaved my hair of all the split ends and just bad juju that was going on in my hair. Now I'm deciding whether or not to keep my hair short or to ride it out. But if anything, I found getting my hair cut really low allowed me to wake up in the morning and pick it or run my fingers through it (that's what my stylist told me to do) and keep moving. Literally took me like 5 minutes to do my hair in the morning, and only 10 minutes to style it and moisturize it. Jury's still out on whether or not I'm keeping it short because of this, but good luck to you and I hope you find what suits you!"
LLM_54,bosrqy,"I hate my natural hair and dont know what to do about it.&&&I have type 4a/3c hair and I've been natural for roughly 7 years and I still have not learned the ways of natural hair. I went natural during my early highschool years back when it was getting big and natural hair gurus were starting out. Like most people I watched the girls with the super cute hair that tool 45 minutes and two shea moisture products to do. But that never ever worked out for me. Hy hair has always been frizzy and I never like the big hair shape on my face.

I'm very minimal in the beauty department. I dont wear makeup because I think it's a hassle and I like to wear casual comfy clothes. Natural hair contradicts this in every way! I feel like in order for my hair to look good I'll have to commit to weekly 20 step wash and go's with deep conditioning, hair mask preparation, preps, twisting, braiding, etc. I'm also a broke student and I cant afford to spend loads on all these different styles and creams. Because of this I always wear my hair pulled back in a bun. I hate that i never wear my hair down but i dont want to spend 3 hours on a wash day and 44 minutes on daily touch ups. Currently I wash my hair with shampoo weekly and detangle with a deep conditioner then throw my hair into a bun and avoid it until next week. I also hate that my hair is waist length and so nice looking when straightened but slightly past jaw length when curly, its driving me insane!

I want hair that looks good but I dont know what to do. I get briads once per year and love them but i cant afford to do them constantly (i also dont have the time and i know it's bad for your hairline if done constantly). I'm not gonna relax because my hair was fried when I was younger. I cant straighten because I exercise and dont want heat damage. And I never frew up wearing a weave so I dont know anything about them but they seem costly (and I hate an itchy scalp). Should I just start investing in wigs because I absolutely hate doing hair? Please comment down below.

Tl;dr I absolutely hate doing complicated natural hair routines but want to look cute. Should I switch to wigs/straightening my hair?"
__Shadynasty_,bosrqy,"I wash and go every day but use different products each time. I rotate through oils and conditioners just to avoid build up. Each day my hair wants something a little different from me and so I just go until it feels moisturized.

This method doesn't work for everyone, but most of what I saw didn't work for me."
amel-i,bosrqy,"I am the laziest person on earth and curly hair products are expensive as hell here. Here’s what I do, I wash, condition & deep condition my hair then I apply a mixture of Shea butter and oil, section my hair and do braids. I keep the braids in for about 2-3 days, then I unravel my braids and just wear my hair like that for the rest of the week. I never restyle it, and if it gets too frizzy I’ll wear it in a bun"
badashley,bosrqy,"I’m the same way. I actually cut my hair short after being natural and letting my hair free grow for five years and never been happier. I’ve never liked having a lot of hair period and loved the shaved look on me. 

If that’s not your thing, two strand twists were a life saver when my hair was long. I would twist my hair, leave it for a week (maybe two depending on how it was doing), take them down and wear as a twist out for another week, cowash and repeat. That way I was really only taking a day or two out of the month to really focus on styling."
becausesleep,bosrqy,I'm a little bit scared that you are in fact me and I just don't remember posting this....only difference is I have 4c hair and I been natural my whole life.
chytastic,bosrqy,I am not sure where you like but a natural hair salon might offer pointers. I know I struggle with my 4c hair and have been contemplating the same thing.
juiceiscold,bosrqy,"This legit sounds like me and I believe I have the same hair type as you, I’m very lazy when it comes to my hair but I know have to do it or I’ll look crazy, I have some tips 

I wash and style once a week like, when I wash my hair I sometimes skip regular conditioner and just use leave in conditioner when I’m ready to style, and to avoid tangles during the shampoo stage, I put my hair in super big twists before hand. 

The style I’ve been doing lately is a wash n go, because it’s the easiest, and I don’t have to wait for forever for it to dry. I’ve been using Mielle Organics pomegranate and honey leave in conditioner which is about 11-12 dollars or so   and Eco Style Black Castor Oil 5-7 dollars and Flaxseed gel depending on where you buy your products from.  I suggest buying from Sally’s because if you don’t like it and only use 25% of it, you can return it. This all together will take about 2 hours depending on how thick your hair is, and I sit under a dryer for about 45 minutes to make sure everything is dry. 

My hair shrinks up so bad, just the way you described lol, so to stretch it after everything is dry, I use the banding method, search for it on YT, takes all of 5 mins.
This stretches my hair the first night. For the  second night and for the rest of the week, I just pull all my hair to the front of head, wrap a scarf around it and sleep. In the morning, add some oil, shake shake, and go. Doing this lasts for atleast 5 days, you can always reapply some gel to make it last until your next wash day.


So in total I say I might spend about 4 hours doing my hair for it last 5-7 days, hope this helps OP"
mardem,bosrqy,"Ay nenita, I only prep my hair once a week and it lasts alllllll week long. My current is going on two weeks because it's been a hectic and lazy kind of week and I kid you not... my curls are still defined inspite of being in a bun for the last two days. Another thing is to not look at it as a chore or to be stressed about it. You are young and should really look at it as self-care, self-love because you and your hair deserve it. Oh and I only use two/three and at the very most four products and lasts me an incredibly long time."
paceandunderstanding,bosrqy,"Similarly, I don’t like the wash & go and all the sacrifices that come with doing that. (money, time and tangles).  For me it was braids, not individual, but french braid/crown braid/ side braids that saved me as low maintenance low time commitment hair styles.  Also since you have a lot of hair, you can show-off your length & volume that way."
wyok,bosrqy,"What about wearing twists for a week, then a twist out the next week? Wash and repeat every 2 weeks. 
Or locs! Thats what I did when I was still in love with my natural hair, but tired of styling it.
Wigs are also a good option, but I HATE the idea of covering up such beautiful, textured hair. I freakin love natural hair but hey that's me."
ScaredThug,bom8qh,I used to love to do coils and coil outs.
localworm,bom8qh,"Short 4b/4b hair styling?&&&Hi all! So I recently cut my hair into a fade, but now I’m letting my hair grow back into a fro. My hair is about an inch and a half at this point, so I have just a baby fro that I don’t know what to do with. My hair is really thick and coiled, and I only went natural a short time ago, so I’m struggling handle my hair right now. I keep my hair in a wrap most days because of this, but I’d love to have it out.
I’ve tried to look up ways to style it, but in the videos I’ve found, the girls tend to have hair that’s closer to four or five inches. So I was wondering if y’all had any tips or resources to share!"
Faux_extrovert,bods4v,"Can someone tell me my hair type.&&&<blockquote class=""imgur-embed-pub"" lang=""en"" data-id=""a/hkS5Uar""><a href=""//imgur.com/hkS5Uar""></a></blockquote><script async src=""//s.imgur.com/min/embed.js"" charset=""utf-8""></script>"
Kdolla679-,bods4v,Bad link
Brittbrown610,bodflw,Have you tried different products/different combinations of products? I had the same issue and switched the gel I use during styling and it made a huge difference. Unfortunately some products just don’t hold up for multiple days :(
IWantMyBachelors,bodflw,"I try to use natural products on my scalp and hair. It doesn't build up either. I use vitamin E oil and aloe vera gel on my scalp and hair. It hydrates my hair, makes it softer and I can use it often (but I use it once a week). There's a [clay](https://www.amazon.com/Aztec-Secret-Cleansing-Original-Bentonite/dp/B0014P8L9W?th=1) that I use on my hair and scalp, it cleanses it, getting rid of build up without stripping moisture from the hair and it's natural. You could use it everyday, if you like. Bonus: it brings out your curls too."
hey_effie_hey,bodflw,"When you applying product to your hair don't start at the roots. Start s few inches down. Work it down, and then sparingly work some up further if you must."
kilaphedre,bodflw,"What products are you using?

It sounds like you're using products that don't play nicely together.  

Have you used a clarifying shampoo?  It may be that you need a really good cleanse for your scalp as well to clear up product buildup."
ltsbbygurll,bodflw,"How to keep product from building up so quickly?&&&Say if I wash my hair one day and put in product, the next day I’ll look at my scalp and I see a bunch of product bits. I wash my hair maybe every other day and maybe I’ll wait two days if life gets busy.
And i know washing my hair everyday is bad for it and it will dry out quickly...

My hair also requires lots of moisture to maintain my curl pattern.

Is there anything I could do to fix this?"
