index,id,comments
napturax2,ax36sm,Critique my YouTube channel&&&[removed]
MajorLocation,awncg1,soften 4c curls&&&[removed]
Hopezero,awl1kc,"Transitioning Tips?&&&Hello!I just relizsed that my hair is extreamly heat damged and I've been heat free for a few months. I've been deep condtioning once a week, and I am slowly cutting off the damged part of my hair. and oiling and twisting my hair when I'm at home. If anyone else has expericed heat damge I have a few questions

&#x200B;

How long did it take for your hair to grow back to the same length before using heat?

&#x200B;

When did you do the ""big chop"" thing?

&#x200B;

What products did you use while treating your hair?

\-Thanks!"
brokeboyblues,awkl6a,Moisturize help&&&I was just wondering how often u guys think hair should be moisturized? I was my hair once a week and moisturize my scalp and hair that same day. Should I be doing it more? 
floralsparkk,awkl6a,Once a week because I sew my wigs down but daily if I could
Kdolla679,awao38,"Keep growing it, that’s normal "
brokeboyblues,awao38,Uneven hair&&&So I’ve been growing my hair for a couple months now so it’s not too long. I’ve been trying to get it to hang downwards but I’ve noticed my right side is noticeably shorter and less than my right side. In your experience do u think as it grows the unevenness will be less noticeable and my hair will look sorta even or......?&&&Thank God!!! And thank u for the response!!
Jazzers88,aw9r2m,What kind of spray bottle are you using? Can you link a pic?
riddle_me_this1,aw9r2m,"Aloe vera juice clogging spray bottles&&&Hello everyone!

I've been adding aloe vera juice to my water spray bottles and have probably gone through 5 or 6 in 8 in 6 months at this point. The fact that the last occurrence just happened now, with an empty leave-in spray to which I just added aloe vera juice confirms that it's the culprit. The spraying mechanism gets clogged and unclogged up until the point where it seems just blocked and more pressure breaks it and I have to get a new one. I've tried different formats, it happens with each.
Has it happened to you too? If yes, how have you been able to work around it?&&&I do that already, I should have mentioned it :)&&&Hey, I know it's been forever and I didn't reply to  your very kind attempt to help! In the mean time, I moved on to a sturdier bottle and knocked back even more on the juice to water ratio and it seems to work for now. Thank you again!"
stripedcherry,aw9r2m,Dilute it with water. 
MisSinterpreter123,aw8zg7,Great job sis👏🏾
curlgarden,aw8zg7,"natural hair event success&&&I posted a few weeks ago I was vending at my first ever event and hosting my first ever natural hair event both in the same day! It was super amazing! It was amazing being able to educate woman about natural hair and just hold real conversation around womanhood and our hair. 

Like guys for a first timer I was nervous as heck but I did it and I loved it! 
"
emancipationOfGigi,aw8zg7,Great 👏🏾
Crushed1ce,aw2qr1,Oooo. I wanna try yours.
Jazzers88,aw2qr1,Texture ID Deep Conditioner 
Lohbabyy,aw2qr1,I deep condition once a week with the Shea Moisture Manuka Honey Hydration Masque for 25 mins with heat
Ntwallace,aw2qr1,"How often do you deep condition & what do you use?&&&I usually do it every wash day (every week or every other week) but I was thinking of just switching out my deep conditioner with regular conditioner and a light protein treatment every other week(one week deep condition after co wash, next week regular conditioner and protein treatment) & using a sulfate free shampoo once a month. "
floralsparkk,aw2qr1,"Silicon mix, 3 min miracle, creme of nature argon, mielle. "
wildhuntressophelia,aw2qr1,"I deep condition every wah day unless I'm lazy then i just use regular conditioner and keep it moving. I love the shea moisture manuka honey and mafura oil DC, the Camille Rose blue algae renew and the beruti? One from their newer line and the alikay naturals honey and safe DC"
Blackisthenewpink,aw00cu,Check out Kailyn Ivy’s YouTube video on deep conditioning! I’ve been deep conditioned regularly under a hooded dryer for 6 months and the tangles and single strand knots have gone down dramatically. :)
UnicornAngelQueen,aw00cu,Make sure your ends are covered at night or do a pineapple (very high loose ponytail) and wear a silk scarf at night. Invest in a silk pillowcase and make sure that your hair is not rubbing the top of your shirt during the daytime. Good luck!
floralsparkk,aw00cu,She saved my hair 
hon3yg1rl,aw00cu,You should probably try keeping your hair stretched the majority of the time. Like braiding/twisting when you go to sleep. And on wash day keep in your hair from shrinking all the way by splitting your hair into four sections and then lightly twisting and then pinning those out the way while you wash one. I recommend this since type 4 hair tends to develop these things more than other hair types due to the amount of shrinkage & the tightness of our curls. Hope this helps xx 
nashnaya98,aw00cu,So I’ve been dealing with this problem for 2.5 years...&&&Hi! I have gone completely heat free in May 2016 due to extreme heat damage and breakage. I have grown out my 4b natural hair getting rid of the dead ends but now my hair won’t stop creating knots within itself!! I have tons of single-strand knots! I try to cut out the ones I find on wash day but it seems never ending. How do I fix this problem & retain length??
sqwzmahmeatybts,aw00cu,"I concur with keep your hair stretched. I used to get them terribly, maybe 1/4 of my hair was ssk'd. I keep my hair in a protective style 99% of the time now, and I hardly get them now."
AdamantiumFoil,avqubz,"Yep yep yep. I leave mine in twists 95% of the time so that detangling is easy and I can minimize knots. I'm hoping that when it gets longer I get a little more confidence, haha."
Beautyinloss,avqubz,"Fear of wearing your own hair?&&&Does anyone else have a fear of damaging your hair somehow so you feel compelled to leave it up? My hair is finally a decent length (still have a long way to go) and it’s healthier/ wearable. I’m constantly in fear of wearing it out, though. I’m scared I’ll break it off while learning through trial and error/testing products. 

Has anyone been through that? 
Any tips? 😢"
TeaAt240,avqubz,"I feel this on a spiritual level lol I usually do a one week on, one week off approach. I protective style with 2-strand or flat twists, head wraps or creative up-dos then I do a twist out the following week. This usually aligns with my wash schedule - usually every other weekend. I do struggle with moisture though, so I have been deep conditioning more often, which is throwing off my schedule. I'm going to be lurking on this post to see the suggestions myself because I need a solution too!"
soopaaflii,avqubz,"Yessss I feel this. I wore protective styles for a whole year just so I could grow out my hair. Now that it’s finally grown out to my desired length I never want to wear it down 😂 Kinda defeats the purpose of growing it out, but I feel you because I don’t want to damage it.

I think that we have to do is see our hair as just another part of our body that gets damaged sometimes, but bounces back. For example when you get a paper cut on your finger it sucks but you don’t just throw the whole finger away...it heals and gets back to where it should be. You don’t wear a cast and decide to never hold a piece of paper again. We should have fun with our hair more because it won’t forever be healthy or forever be unhealthy...we just have to learn to enjoy it where it is at the time and give ourselves the freedom to do with it what we want. "
BB770M,avovsk,I use my denman brush every time I do my hair. It is my savior. A wide tooth comb doesn’t do anything for me.
Ntwallace,avovsk,"How often do you use your detangling brush?&&&I just got a tangle teezer & im thinking of using it every wash day & in between that use either my fingers or a wide tooth comb to detangle. I have type 4 hair, using it for the first time after finger detangling my whole time being natural & not detangling my twist out in days had me shed(yes I made sure it was shedding) a lottttt of hair but my hair is soft & my roots are never this smooth, plus I had a lot of shrinkage from the brush "
spillingpictures,avovsk,I use it once a week on wash day. I also use it as a scalp massager!!
Hazelmere_rs,avhrbj,"Olaplex themselves have said they recommend doing protein and moisture treatments after doing Olaplex treatments, since Olaplex isn’t either of those. I religiously do Olaplex treatments and do protein and moisture treatments in between sometimes. Just do the protein/moisture AFTER the Olaplex, because Olaplex won’t be as affective if there is protein blocking it from penetrating all the way. 
Also you mentioned doing an Olaplex dupe which I would not recommend. Olaplex has patents on their products so nothing else is really gonna do the same thing at all. Olaplex re-links broken disulfide bonds and the dupes are usually just silicones and oils that coat the hair with a film that builds up around the shafts so it temporarily feels better. Olaplex is the only thing that actually strengthens it from the inside permanently. 
"
Urfavorganiccheeto,avhrbj,"Olaplex & protein treatments&&&I was just thinking, would it be bad to use Olaplex (I would use the Olaplex dupe from sallys beauty supply its like $2) & and do a light/medium protein (Aphogee 2 Min Reconstructor) on the same day or mix a little bit of each together to make a super hair strengthening treatment then deep conditioning afterwards? Has anybody tried this before? I'm really trying to strengthen my hair so that I can retain length, via protein treatments, deep conditioning, trims & low manipulation styles. &&&I did the 2 Step Treatment like 2 weeks ago, but I feel like the affects wore off already. I love how it made my hair feel tho! I'm just looking for something a lil more reconstructive for mh hair to last more long term and more holistic, since olaplex repairs the inside of your hair cuticle and doesn't just coat it on the outside like protein treatments. &&&It was probably olaplex 3 (the 'stand alone treatment') if you didn't get it done at the salon. How much did the olaplex help your hair? And I'm glad to hear that someone else thought of it too, and that it didn't jack their hair up! Lol. Did doing the olaplex & protein treatments on the same day make your hair super strong and retain length better? My hair is 3c and mostly 4a high porosity and I feel like not only does moisture come out of my hair fast, but protein too! I think for my hair I need a medium protein treatment WEEKLY along with a silicone-free deep conditioner (Apparently my hair needs loads of protein to survive just like me 😂). I plan on experimenting with doing the olaplex dupe & protein treatment on the same day to see if that helps me retain length. And have you have tried any of the olaplex dupes before? Sorry for all of the questions 😵😶.

***Edited for adding a missing word & clarification."
VOL03,avhrbj,"That might be too much, I wouldn't risk it. I would choose one or do them at least a week or two apart with a moisturizing deep conditioner after each.

&#x200B;

Or if you want a stronger protein treatment just do the Aphogee 2-step also with a moisturizing deep conditioner after."
pikkonoloidlee,avhrbj,I've done this before with olaplex no 2 or 3 and aphogee 2 min (although I haven't mixed them) and haven't had any issues. From my experience olaplex strengthens the hair without making it dry the way protein treatments sometimes can so I don't have any issues when doing both. I haven't tried it with a more intensive protein treatment though.
Anasasi,avfuuk,"Picking out hair , pulls out hairs&&&Starting to follow this thread and read more into protecting and strengthening my hair. When I pick my hair out I have a small bunch of hairs in the teeth of my pick. Worried as these hairs normally have follicles attached. Any suggestions or thoughts?&&&There are bulbs attached to the hairs. Little follicles"
JustSomeBadGas,avfuuk,It also helps to finger detangle 1st so you can avoid ripping out anything that shouldn't be coming out.
UnicornAngelQueen,avfuuk,"It sounds like those little hairs are pieces of strands that are breaking, especially since there is no hair bulb at the ends of these hairs. Try switching your conditioner and alternate between oil treatments and mask weekly to help retain moisture and prevent breakage."
stripedcherry,avfuuk,"If the hairs on the comb have a white bulb-ish looking thing attached to it, then no worries! Those are hairs that were going to fall out anyway. If it doesn’t or if it shorter than your length of hair, then it’s most likely breakage. "
blackmagickchick,avekz3,"Protecting my hair while on the clock.&&&I just started working again (yay!) and am trying to figure out how I should have my hair. My job has no problem with natural hair, but I'm starting to have some issues. 

Since I big chopped over a year ago, I've been doing just wash n goes. I currently work customer service, so a lot of the time I have a headset on. A couple of times I've found hair that has broken off on the headset and noticed that it gives me the weirdest indent in my fro. Both are likely because of the fact that the headsets have cracks and can't stretch enough to fully accommodate my hair.

So should I switch to protective styles (suggestions on which ones are welcome) from now on or is there a way I can keep just doing wash n goes, but protect my hair while on the clock? I've considered breaking out the bonnet, but I think I could only pull that off when I have overnight shifts.&&&I can't flat twist or cornrow to save my life, but I'll see about investing in headscarves/headwraps.&&&We play musical desks, so I don't always have the same headset. Though it has been suggested that I buy my own, so maybe I will and get silk fabric to wrap around it."
himynameismaryjane,avekz3,I would try buying a silk fabric to wrap around the headset band. Like a reverse bonnet lol 
lamborginimercy,avekz3,Maybe a cute headwrap? Or you could twist the front sections of your hair back and leave it curly in the back. 
montilyetsss,avekz3,"This. I work from home, my job provided me with everything but I couldn’t stand the headset, I wrapped my satin scarf around it and called it a day. I also game and my headset isn’t accommodating so I do the same thing. 

Or sometimes I’ll just slap my scarf on my actual head along with my bonnet, lol. "
