index,id,comments
tangycandy,art18f,Natural Hair Questionnaire&&&[removed]
BeautifulGorgeous97,arf1pl,"Yes, and it's a struggle. The only style I can do are two strand twists with rubber bands at the root. "
Chunswae22,arf1pl,Can't cornrow and have trouble with my fine motor skills. So have to waste so much money paying braiders to cornrow my hair too tightly 😥
Dahliacid,arf1pl,Me xD for the life of me I can’t grasp the concept 
Dimmaemmy,arf1pl,You have to start on a dolls hair or maybe a friends hair
Ivysakura,arf1pl,"I come from a long line of women who cannot cornrow.  Grandma, mother and now me.  I pray this will end with my daughters lol.  "
Light_Aegle,arf1pl,I can't conroll either. Watched lots of videos and tried many times but just can't. Feel like my lack of ability to do it limits me to only a few hairstyles 
McShortenstein,arf1pl,I can but I only just learned in the last few months. My mom taught me after 23 years of being the person to braid my hair. It's all about the way you hold your hands and it's totally different braiding someone else's vs braiding your own. 
MelanieSinclair1021,arf1pl,The one time I wanted a crochet style I got a braider to braid my hair for me ($20) and just went home to do the rest myself. 
MiserableOwl,arf1pl,"I can't either! I can't flat twist either. I've watched all the tutorials and I just can't do it. They're always too loose or I end up somehow putting a knot in my hair. I'd love to crochet my hair one day if I could just figure out the cornrowing process. 

&#x200B;

So I'll be watching this thread for tips! "
annc4057,arf1pl,"I can't either. I've tried over the years, but can never get it. I can only do a French braid "
anotherhumanlikeu,arf1pl,"Any other naturals who can’t cornrow?&&&Declaring this a support group lol. I feel like my inability to do it is holding me back from so many styles. I’ve watched so many tutorials but I can never seem to get the hang of it and I always get my hand positioning muddled 😫

Those of you who can, how did you learn and how long did it take you? I’d appreciate any tips! Thanks&&&I think it must be! When I see people doing it it looks so straightforward, then I attempt it and it’s a disaster&&&I’ve been told that cornrows are like mini reverse french braids, but that doesn’t make it any simpler to me lol&&&Crochet is the main style I want to try! I’ve looked into braid-less crochet but I’m so paranoid about the knots unravelling and leaving a trail of synthetic hair down the street 😂&&&Impatience is definitely my downfall too"
banana-n-oatmeal,arf1pl,"I learned with my mom (YouTube wasn’t a thing back then), but I learned to do box braids with YouTube."
blvcktea,arf1pl,My mom is really good at doing my hair so she’s been doing it the vast majority of my life. Now I’m in college 5 hours away and already a semester in I finally know how to handle my hair. However I still can’t understand cornrowing or braiding from the roots in the slightest. 
cheeky_shark_panties,arf1pl,I've determined that cornrows are witchcraft at this point. I don't get it.
floralsparkk,arf1pl,"Braid and grab hair, do it over and over again. "
heeyebsx13,arf1pl,Out of 25 years I’ve only not been natural 4 years.... and I couldn’t cornrow to save my life if o had to. 
iamCHIC,arf1pl,"I was horrible at it. I’m not a pro now but I can do a pretty good job with straight back cornrows. Beautycanbraid on YT has a great tutorial. 

My main issues were not holding my hands perpendicular to the braid and that caused me to drag the braid and it was loose and messy. "
koi19,arf1pl,"I cornrowed 2 braids into my hair goddess crown style, just to see if I could once. Only time I've ever done it and still have no clue how I managed it. "
ladyAnder,arf1pl,"I'll two strand twist, two strand flat twists, and even put in tiny two strand twists in my head. Don't ask me to do a cornrow. "
lazycupcakee,arf1pl,"I can't flat twist, (barely) braid, or cornrow. My little arms can't handle it and so impatient. "
littlewolf1275,arf1pl,I can't do it either which is why I keep my hair so short now. 
madipp23,arf1pl,i can do regular braids (3 strand) perfectly at any size... but nothing else. something that might help is practicing on a doll or a wig.
misszoeline,arf1pl,Right here right here!! 🙋🏾‍♀️ Lol idk why my fingers are so defiant.
montilyetsss,arf1pl,I can’t. Attempted about twice and said it’s not for me. 
sweetgirl30,arf1pl,I absolutely can not cornrow lol I’m pretty much the worst at it
tabisadelta,arf1pl,"This thread just made me feel spo much better about myself. 
Nope, I can't cornrow, French braid, flat twist... nothing. But I can two strand twist like a mofo!"
uhyeaokay,arf1pl,i can’t braid just flat twist. my mom tried to reach me for YEARS. i just can’t.....i feel ur pain
yourbestbudz,arf1pl,☝🏾
Jazzers88,ar6d0a,"Clip-Ins&&&Do y’all sleep in y’all clip in? I know you’re not suppose to but I was just curious at to how you maintain keeping up with them. Do you take them down every night and have to reapply in the morning? Do you twist/braid them loosely then put a bonnet on? What’s the tea &&&Yes, for protecting your hair &&&See! I knew someone out there would confirm these myths lol thank you "
SweetTNWhiskey,ar6d0a,Lmao I just slept in my clip ins last night because I can too lazy to take the out. &&&I just put the clip ins in chunky twist. I twist my leave out with some of the clip in so it can be some what uniformed then slap a bonnet on the sleep. I usually try not to sleep in them though. 
acb118,ar6d0a,Do NOT sleep with them. At the very least do not have them actually clipped in. That's a piece of metal or plastic pulling out your hair for an extra 8 hours. Don't do it
codeiqhq,ar6d0a,Clip in hair extensions? You absolutely should not sleep in them. It will probably damage them. Are you talking about keeping them in for protecting your hair?
queenofeeveerything,ar6d0a,I do. I’ll wrap my hair if straight or do pin curls if curly with the clip ins still in my hair. It’s so much easier in the morning 
rosha267,ar6d0a,LOL I wore clip in extensions for YEARS and always wore them to sleep. No damage whatsoever. I'm really confused about these warnings 
Faux_extrovert,aqj8vf,"Best way to regrow edges&&&After years of really not caring about my real hair and more wigs than I can count my edges are super thin.

What's the best way to regrow them? And what are some good protective styles to wear?&&&I never do glue or pins, but lots of lace front which I this was rubbing me the wrong way. Thanks for the tip. I love peppermint oil, so I'll definitely look for it!"
Mynotredditaccount,aqj8vf,"Jamaican black castor oil, and low manipulation (: "
SunnyCarol,aqj8vf,"Something that girls keep doing that destroys their edges no matter what texture is slick back hairstyles. Those ponytails, that brushing your hair back... Girl, I know white girls losing their edges over that shit. Leave them alone! It makes a huuuuge difference. Be patient sweetpea! They'll grow back! <3"
acb118,aqj8vf,Castor oil! Massage peppermint castor oil onto your balding spots. But for your edges to grow back you absolutely cannot do any of the styles that are ripping them out in the first place. I would wear wigs but without ANY glue or pins on your edges
cocolanoire,aqj8vf,"I mentioned this in a different thread - Biotin (but make sure you drink tons of water) and folic acid. They make a huge difference, but be warned that you will grow hair everywhere "
iamCHIC,aqj8vf,"Baby them. Be very gentle with them. I don’t use edge controls or gels on my edges. The alcohol in them will probably dry my hair and break them off. I make sure to put the leave in and/or whatever product I use on my hair on my edges. If I’m doing a style where I need to pull my hair back (braids, ponytail, twists) I leave my edges out. I tie a satin or silk band around them too. 

I have very fine 4C hair but I’ve been doing this for about a year or two and my edges are full. "
moonflowerbabe,aqj8vf,My edges started thinning after I had my baby. I’m talking dreadlocks dangling on by a thread. I was able to regrow them by using castor oil with a couple drops of rosemary and cedar essential oils. 
MisSinterpreter123,aqh7j7,"🤦🏽‍♀️🤦🏽‍♀️🤦🏽‍♀️Your type and gender mean nothing but thanks for sharing.

Learn your porosity and density. Hair type is only good for seeing how a style will look on you, sometimes. Use a sulfate free shampoo, do not use a 2-in-1. Try Mane Krush, mane choice, Alikay naturas, Shea moisture, Camille rose naturals, Carol's daughter just to name a few. 

Good luck."
brokeboyblues,aqh7j7,"What should I was my hair with&&&What shampoos/conditioners would u recommend to keep my hair healthy, shinny, and happy (all the things they say in the white lol shampoo commercials). I have 3C hair and I’m male if that helps. "
Ctrl161,aq9ndk,"How do I define my TWA?&&&I’ve been natural for about 8 months I transitioned and did a big chop. My hair grew a substantial amount in the 8 months it was down to my shoulders. But last night I decided I was tired of my hair at the length it was and the dye job was uneven so I chopped it again but this time it’s shorter that my first big chop. My hair is about two inches long and shrinks down to 1 inch.  What are some tips and advice for styling and defining my twa. I used gel and finger curled/coiled it but it’s very frizzy and I’m not a fan of it. Does anyone know a different method to get non frizzy curls? 

My hair is 4a/b but very soft and easily manipulated &&&It does thank you!
&&&Thanks! I definitely will try this &&&No I haven’t but I plan to I just ordered one off of Amazon "
PoetryRaven,aq9ndk,"I had a similar problem,  after I big chopped my hair was so frizzy and short.  So I just texturized it until my hair grew out long enough  to cut the texturized ends. "
cherry2cherry,aq9ndk,Have you tried using a curl sponge before?
originalsoul,aq9ndk,You can also use a soft bristle brush in the same way that you use a curl sponge. Get some conditioner in there (and gel too if you like) and use circular motions with your brush. 
sj_81,aq9ndk,"I finger coil mine - I have 3C with patches of 3B and 4A.  Was shaved down to a grade 2 in July and now it’s just over 4 inches long. 
Routine:
Wash with Shea Moisture JBCO shampoo
Deep condition with Shea Moisture JBCO masque
Out of the shower T-shirt on it for a few mins
Shea Moisture JBCO leave in raked in
Shea Moisture Curl enhancing smoothie raked in
Then - pinch of Eco styler between thumb and forefinger and finger coil whole head while watching Netflix. 
Satin scarf and go to bed. It’s still wet in the morning but I roll with it, work in an art gallery so they don’t judge. 
Hope that helps!
"
MisSinterpreter123,aq6pjz,"It just means you aren't putting a relaxer or texturizer on your head. 

Some think it means no color as well, there are vegan hair color companies. Yes, we wash our hair. I wash mine once a week, or every 10 days. Use a sulfate free shampoo and deep condition. "
SoloLeveller,aq6pjz,"First time posting&&&I just want to know what "" natural hair"" mean. Is it means that we dont use shampoo at all or occasionally use natural shampoo. A question from a guy that wants to take care of his hair. 
&&&I notice that my hair is much more 'fuller' and more manageable if i shampoo it less often. How do you keep the hair from unpleasant smell though if you want to shampoo it less often? "
sophistirachet,aq6pjz,"Natural hair just means that you are not using chemicals to change the composition of your hair ex perms, texturizer.  You can use shampoos and conditioners however I'd recommend you shampoo occasionally because it tends to dry out hair and co-wash (i.e wash with conditioner) more regularly. "
TheYellowRose,aq0p0z,What's the purpose of your survey?
kakaynatrual,aq0p0z,DETANGLING HAIR&&&Hey I'm doing a survey about detangling curly-afro curly hair. I have my own problems with detangling but that's not enough to know the common issues. Feel free to discribe detangling horror stories and your own problems with trying to detangle.
Marmalade91,aps7ax,Excited to try this! Thanks for sharing.
ebbee,aps7ax,Which brands do you use?
netflixpolice,aps7ax,I'm saving this! My hair feels like straw if I'm not constantly spritzing 
timeknife,aps7ax,"A super-moisture game changer: activator gel + hydrolysed keratin&&&Hair type: 4c, very coarse with high porosity. 

I discovered the mix of my activator gel with my keratin hairspray made a great solution to keep my hair moisturised during the day while protective styling.

Usually this lasts for about two and a half to three days which is extremely rare for me. 

➡️ You will want to use a 1:1 ratio of gel and keratin spray. The kind of activator gel will be the ones that smell a bit like your aunties jheri curl. 

Results: After using this mixture for three weeks, my hair felt very elastic (it usually snaps with no elasticity) and stronger.

⚠️Warning:this really adds a lot of moisture to hair, which means that if it’s in braids it would usually start to come out of your braids so be careful with that.

&&&Great. Let me know how it works for you. It beats everything else I've done, but it will make your braids/cornrows look older&&&The Hawaiian silky apple cider vinegar leave in has hydrolysed keratin as the second ingredient. 

The activator gel is the World of Curls one"
BeautifulGorgeous97,apj6bj,"Is my hair getting too thick for headbands?&&&For a couple days now I've been trying to put my 4c hair into a puff, but each time I go to put a headband on it slides all the way up and falls off. At first I thought it was because of the gel I've been using but yesterday I didn't apply any gel and the headband still slides up. Does anyone else have this issue or is it just me? &&&No I haven't. What is it, and where can I buy it? &&&Like regular hair ties? Do you have to stretch them out? "
ellewoulds,apj6bj,"Yeah. After a certain length I have to switch to *regular hair ties. (I big chopped twice over the past decade lol 🙃)

What the heck autocorrect lmao"
natrulyme,apj6bj,Have you tried using a PuffCuff instead of a headband? It’s easier and no headaches! 
plumpohlily,apj6bj,"Omg. That looks useful! I have wavy hair and i get headaches if i wear headbands and tight ponytail bands. But this product is not available here in the philippines - too bad.
"
