index,id,comments
DegreeDubs,b2dee6,"Holy shit, don't wear lighters for earrings period! Darwin Award type shit lol."
TheYellowRose,b2dee6,PSA: don't cover your hair in oils and then wear earrings that are also lighters&&&&&&It was so stupid. I'm hoping she at least has the excuse of being faded.
Urikalynn_,b2dee6,Damn I really need a where is she now follow up video lol I would like to see the damage and what she did so it wouldn’t be so noticeable 
gtmaki,b2dee6,This wasn’t very smart 
Freebeing001,b29knt,"Do you cover it at night? I find that a lot 9f breakage occurs while sleeping with my hair unprotected. It loses moisture and rubs on the fabric of the bedding. Personally, I retain growth much better when I moisturize before bed and cover my hair. Good luck. "
Lyrr3d,b29knt,"Male having trouble with growth (length)&&&Im a black male with natural hair and i've always had trouble growing my hair long. I have a full head of hair. It ceases growth at about 5 inches and it takes a very long time to get there. 

I've currently began growing my hair again in November and its only grown about 1.5 inches. Any help and tips are greatly appreciated.&&&My regimen - wash and condition twice a week. I take Biotin pills daily and I use sof n free hair lotion. My hair gets wet every night in the shower (not sure if this is relevant). &&&Great. So focus on deep conditions and moisture? My goal length is 6 inches on the top.  "
Vanrayy12,b29knt,"Honestly, I wouldn't worry about trims if I were you. Shorter hair doesnt have the same propensity for damage."
ellamaii,b29knt,"What’s your current routine? I think that’s the best place to start. Hair always grows, it’s really a matter of retaining the length. So it’s dependent mostly on your regimen!"
BowlShirt,b22gzo,"Are these silk pillowcases legit? Looking for something that won’t dry out/tangle my curly hair.&&&https://www.amazon.ca/Bedsure-Pillowcases-Pillowcase-Envelope-Closure/dp/B07HL5K4RM/ref=mp_s_a_1_1_sspa?adgrpid=59971126286&hvadid=310031683355&hvdev=m&hvlocphy=9001437&hvnetw=g&hvpos=1t1&hvqmt=b&hvrand=3134201386791003084&hvtargid=kwd-1386799009&keywords=charmeuse+satin+pillowcase&qid=1552801457&s=gateway&sr=8-1-spons&tag=h0a61-20&psc=1

If they’re no good any other suggestions??"
BoxedBoobs,b22gzo,Those aren’t mutually exclusive. There is satin made out of polyester filaments and there is satin made with pure silk filaments (according to Dr. Google). 
Everpillow,b22gzo,"Depends on if you want the features of satin and polyester verses 100% mulberry silk.  Tons of imitations out there claiming the same features of 100% silk.  What to shop for and why?

1. 100% mulberry silk - no polyester/cotton backing or mixed in.
2. Oeko-tex certified - don't bring harmful chemicals in to your skin or hair
3. 25mm - 32% more silk than 19mm.  More luxurious and longer lasting.  

Hope this helps - Let us know if you have any questions. [info@infinitemoon.com](mailto:info@infinitemoon.com)"
codeiqhq,b22gzo,Why do you think this is a silk pillowcase? It is 100% polyester.
leeleep93,b22gzo,I use satin pillow cases and they're great. So like if i dont feel like wearing my bonnet i dont have to worry about it  its almost the same as silk. I recommend you get either one
mangoestriedtokillme,b22gzo,Currently laying on mine as well! I definitely notice less breakage and knotting using that pillowcase! 
BigBlackGothBitch,b1zfde,"You still need to flat iron your roots as your hair comes in. And it seems that it caused just as much damage and thinning as other methods: 
https://www.instyle.com/hair/japanese-hair-straightening

To be honest, there isn’t a way to get your hair straight that isn’t going to involve some amount of damage. It’s just not possible. So if that’s a hair style you like to do, the best thing to do is to try to *minimize* the amount of damage that you’re doing to your hair (use heat protectant oils and spray, don’t place the straightener on the highest heat setting, do only one pass, etc. etc.).  These permanent methods of straightening your hair will not let you return to your original curl pattern and are gonna cause more damage than anything you could do yourself. There’s a reason they’re so harsh.

-from a girl whose mom had no idea how to handle curly hair and made her get Dominican blowouts for 10+ years"
Jazzers88,b1zfde,I don’t know anyone that PERSONALLY does it but I have see a few Black girls on YouTube do it. Check there. 
SABRlNASPEIIMAN,b1zfde,"I used to get it done, but I’m transitioning right now. I have type 3 hair and I got it done in Japan. It became pin straight, even the roots. I would get it retouched every 6 months. It’s hard to curl it, it goes back to being straight. "
Throwawaygal0293ru0,b1zfde,"Anybody here that gets Japanese hair straightening/thermal reconditioning?&&&Japanese hair straightening is a type of permanent hair straightening that's considered safer and more effective than lye/non-lye relaxers due to the chemical ammonium thioglycolate. Instead of dissolving the hair bonds, the crosslinks inside the hair are ""removed"", allowing them to manipulated into a new shape (either in curls or straight). 

I've been trying to read the testimonials of black girls that have gotten this done because I've been looking for a better alternative to relaxers. I have a few questions for those you who have gotten this done:

1. What is your hair type?
2. Which type/brand do you use?
3. Are you still getting it done?
4. Can you still put curls in your hair (i.e. tight spirals/waves)? If so, how you do it? How long does it last?
5. Does you hair lay flat against your head or is there still volume?
6. What hair products do you use?
7. Have you experienced any damage since you started using it?
8. Do you still need to flat iron your roots or is the entire hair strand straight?"
66throwawaybaby6,b1uykg,"i feel like i cant take care of my natural hair. (4c)&&&i feel hopeless. no matter what i do, im doing something wrong. my hair is constantly tangled when i wake up no matter how often i detangle it. my hair is shedding so much constantly.  my mom doesn't know how to help me. i cant do comb coils or twist outs. all i do at this point is wear a headscarf. i feel like my natural journey is going nowhere and its depressing me."
Chunswae22,b1uykg,"I'm really sorry you are feeling like this. I think this is very common, I went through this recently. All I can suggest is if you have the money getting your hair braided or in crochet braids. Then you don't have to style it everyday. Hugs 💕"
FemmeCaraibe,b1uykg,"Sounds like you need a good cut/trim and lots of moisture. YouTube how to trim your hair, and research products that are good for moisturizing your hair. If you can afford it, a trip to a natural hair salon would be an awesome start."
Jazzers88,b1uykg,Where do you find that brush for $10? I see EVERYONE sayin that but I only ever see that brush for $14 and up
PinkPurse12,b1uykg,"Are you growing your hair out of a perm? Perm and natural hair tangle up in each other a lot.

If not then there products that will help but unfortunately you will have to be a product junkie for a while the right ones.

I still get tangles, but my hair is much more manageable with some products that I found that work good in my 4c and my hair is mid back length.

One product that I use that did miracles in managing my hair was Shea moisture restorative conditioner. But make sure you mist your hair with water first and i seal it with softee indiam hemp.




"
ezpez97,b1uykg,"

I posted this answer below on another thread awhile ago, but I think this could help you as well. (In addition to this advice, make sure you DEEP CONDITION every week! Seriously, it makes a world of difference): 


So it used to take me over an hour to detangle my hair and it was terrible. Then I started doing 5 simple things. Maybe these are obvious to you, but they weren’t to me:

1.	⁠I stopped using shampoo. No matter what the brand, for some reason shampoo tangles my hair insanely, even stuff like devacurl “no poo”. Instead now I only use Aztec bentonite clay with ACV to wash my hair, and I do it every other week.
2.	⁠Getting a trim. Trimming off the oldest part of your hair every three months significantly reduces tangles, and will promote more growth in the long run.
3.	⁠Using a detangling brush. This has been so so so essential. I used to only finger detangle because I thought that was gentler for my hair. In reality, I simply was not getting out all of the knots, so they would continue to build each week. Now, I finger detangle first, then follow up with ‘Miss Felicia’s magic detangling brush’.  It’s like 10 bucks and you can order it online and it is actually amazing. It works so fast and reduces detangling time so much.
4.	⁠Detangle in sections. Everyone says this but I never listened. Seriously tho, you gotta detangle in sections if you want to be as efficient and thorough as possible.
5.	⁠This is maybe the most obvious but also the most important: you need to detangle every week. Skipping even one week of detangling can have drastic consequences, as you’re allowing your tangles to build up. By the time you get around to it, it will take twice as long and a lot of breakage will occur.

Hope this helps!"
iamCHIC,b1uykg,Tell us what you do to your hair weekly...
jojo571,b1uykg,"Hey 66throwawaybaby6,

&#x200B;

I want to reassure you that you are not the only person that had to learn what their hair likes.  And that is the first thing to accept, you and I may look exactly alike, our hair texture may seem to be the same, but my hair might hate coconut oil and your hair might live for it and love it.  

My hair might love water and your hair might not.  My hair (and scalp) might love tea tree oil, rosemary oil, JBCO and your hair and scalp might not.

&#x200B;

That said, take a cleansing breath and commit to experimenting (gently) to find our what your hair likes. It's about LOVING you and your hair.  That's right, it's a love affair!  When you find out what works for your hair, oh girl, the POWER!

&#x200B;

That said, the styles and methods right after a big chop - when you still basically have a teeny weeny afro or  TWA are not the same styles and methods for a sightly longer (2-3 inch) fro.

&#x200B;

In general, for myself I found,

1. my hair really likes water - when I had a TWA, until about 2 inches, I wet my hair every day. Note I said WET not wash.  I refreshed my texture with warm to hot water in the shower, then used a leave in to keep it moist.  Now that it is longer, when it is out (I use a lot of protective styling, braids, faux locs) I mist my hair with rose water, and use a little grapeseed oil, or a very light leave in conditioner my current fave is Kinky-curly Knot Today.
2. my hair and scalp do not like a lot of protein, it makes my hair dry and brittle.  I don't use coconut oil at all anymore.  When I first did a big chop Coconut oil was all the rage.  Then people started to notice flakes, itchy spots, dry brittle hair.  It's bad for us protein sensitive folk. I then realized that most of the commercial gels have hydrolyzed protein in them.  Example Ecostyler gel's  3rd ingredient is Hydrolyzed Wheat Protein.
3. I had to experiment with oils and butters to find out which seal in hydration well for me. My hair doesn't particularly like shea butter.  I tried all sorts of things with shea butter.  My hair was like Nope, don't adsorb, get dry and brittle, scalp irritation. Caster oil or olive oil based creams work super well for me (there a a lot of brands out there that are experimenting with the amazonian butters  (Babassu, Bacuri, Cupuacu,. Murumuru and Ucuuba) as well as different nut oil and seed oil butters (avacado, mango, macadamia nut oil butter)
4. silicone serums, mineral oil and petrolatum jelly are the devil - they make my hair look shiny for 5 seconds but oh the dryness - I avoid, avoid avoid
5. Glycerin is ok - but I need to make sure I hydrate (aka wet) my hair to keep it moisturized
6. My hair loves! Honey, aloe vera gel, (yup straight up unrefined honey mixed with aloe vera gel is my go to deep conditioner), Jamaican or Haitian Black Castor Oil (esp with astringent/cooling botanical oils like rosemary, tea tree, eucalyptus or mint), marshmallow root, nettle, apple cider vinegar, clay masks, grapeseed oil, jojoba oil and  moringa oil.
7. I do a protein treatment only every couple of months or so - I mix Braggs amino acids with coconut cream (yup the eating kind) and aloe vera gel and raw honey as a DIY
8. My scalp likes astringent things, my scalp likes the occasional salt water wash/rinse.

&#x200B;

Here is a great place to start... after a big chop act as if you have baby hair... start with some baby products: [https://naturalhairkids.com/basic-regimen/](https://naturalhairkids.com/basic-regimen/)

Concentrate on your hair moisture, and scalp health.

Try some detoxificaton clay masks followed by good heat assisted deep conditioning.

Try some fermented rice water or black tea rinses (you-tube has tons of info/how tos on this)

Look up best ways to hydrate and moisturize 4c hair on You-tube - there are a lot of channels.

Invest in a good hair steamer - your hair might need heat to help deep conditioners penetrate

Don't worry so much about ""tangles"" 4c hair is never 100 percent detangled unless you heat or chemical straighten it.

Find some hair you-tubers to watch, make some of their diy prodcuts to see what your hair likes ... I like  GreenBeauty , naptural85, nappy fu,

And above all, listen to your hair, your hair may like something that surprises you (egg yoke treatment, mashed banana and avocado treatments, regular old pink lotion and blue pomade).  You'll find it, don't worry."
n_kaye,b1uykg,"How often are you washing your hair?
How often are you doing protein treatments and deep conditioners? 
What’s your daily moisturizing routine? 
When’s the last time you trimmed dead and split ends? 
Have you tried a protective style where you can tuck the ends of your hair away? "
shida206,b1uykg,"I think 4C hair does best when it is stretched.   Are you deep conditioning with heat?  Are you detangling with a conditioner with slip?  Are you wrapping your hair with a satin bonnet?  Are you sealing in moisture?  Use a deep conditioner, make sure you are using heat.  I wash my hair, do a rice water treatment or tea rinse, then i detangle with a rinse out conditioner.   After that, I deep condition with heat, then after I rinse, i use a leave in conditioner and then i seal with a oil.  If you don't have the time, just wash, detangle with the deep conditioner, rinse it out, add a nice leave in and seal it with a oil.  Keep your hair twisted  to keep it stretched... twist your hair up at night before bed... it can be done.  Watch NappyFu on YouTube.   "
slippersbruh,b1uykg,Do you have your hair styled for the week between detangling? Or do you have it out during the week?
EgoDripping,b1it85,"I’d wash every two to three weeks with or without a cap since your locs are over a year old. I’d really make sure your retwisting in the same direction every time using clips and a product with a reasonable about hold (be it aloe vera gel, eco-styler gel, castor oil, etc) ON DAMP HAIR and leaving the clips in until your hair is completely dry. Make sure your palm rolling all the way the root too. I’d also say for now, if you really want neat roots, do it every time you wash (2 or 3 weeks). After that, let your locs do what it do. The teenage phase is all about frizz lol.&&&Also!!! It is really important not to over retwist. I’d take thick nappy roots over thin locs hanging by a thread any day. The less often you retwist, the more your roots look like the do now, which can actually be quite beautiful in their own right, especially with some more hang time."
Kdolla679,b1it85,Wash less often or wash with a durag on (heard that helps) there’s videos on it
MicroManager76,b1it85,"It's natural and okay for your roots to be a little loose, especially in the beginning. It also helps with avoiding traction alopecia as your locs grow and get heavy. Should you ever want to comb them down  or cut them out, you'll have a healthier scalp. You should wash your hair right before it feels like it's getting too dry. For some ppl it's once (maybe even twice a week) and for some it's every other week. It's really up to you to figure out how healthy your hair is and what your weekly needs are. Be gentle when you wash...how often you decide to do so...but there's no single rule."
kaijucat,b1it85,"Trouble with Locs&&&I've had my locs since December 2017, but I seem to be having trouble with my roots, as shown in this picture: [https://imgur.com/a/6XzrFkD](https://imgur.com/a/6XzrFkD)

They come out every time I wash my hair, which I do weekly. I don't want to keep re-twisting them every time, as I don't want to put too much tension on my hair.

Basically, should I switch to washing my hair once a month and re-twisting then until they lock up some more?"
Ace_Turnip,b1h1ok,"Questions about trimming&&&1. How often do you trim your hair
2. How much hair do you trim off?"
NonUniversal,b1h1ok,"My hairstylist recommends every 2 months for me, because my hair is mostly out in the open and not in a protective style. "
ellamaii,b1h1ok,"I like to go to a curly hair salon and get mine trimmed and reshaped every 4 months (sometimes 6 if I'm lazy). I've found with more frequent trims my hair breaks off less (cause once it splits up the stand its way easier to break) so I retain length a lot easier. Plus with more frequent trims you don't have to trim off as much, although I'm not sure how much she trims every time. I would say play it by ear and twisting it can make it easier to see the bad ends!"
ladyAnder,b1h1ok,"Every 4 months and it's just like half an inch, maybe a little less. "
n_kaye,b1h1ok,Every 3 months I’ll trim off whatever’s dead/split/not juicy in my twists. 
npbm2008,b1h1ok,"I mostly wear braids, so when the braids come out every 2.5-3 months, I get my hair trimmed/cut at a natural salon. I only wear my hair free for 2-3 weeks, then it’s back in the braids, so I tell her to cut off whatever needs cutting. Sometimes that’s half an inch. Maybe once a year, it’s 2+ inches. 

Following this pattern, my hair started growing like crazy. It’s the longest it’s ever been, and super healthy. My hair is fairly fragile, so in all my relaxed years, it never got much past my collarbone. Now, it’s bra-strap length. "
whiskey155,b1h1ok,I get mine trimmed roughly once every 5-6 months depending on the hair style. For example if I’m doing crochet braid styles then once every 6 months. If I’m doing braids then before every real-instillation (roughly 2-3 months). I ask for the dead ends to be trimmed so about half an inch. 
CopperPegasus,b1b93n,"Of course your best (and least helpful- seeming) answer is be less stressed. It's not entirely useless... you obviously can't remove the 'OMG life' stressors (unless someone is willing to donate you a game farm and a trust fund, of course), but... look into some of the stress management techniques out there. Meditation, or mindfulness if you prefer, has some science backing it as a stress management tool that's inexpensive and easy to implement. See what other stress management techniques you can find that resonate with you. The more you can mitigate the impact of the stress you have to face, the better your body can cope.

Next thing, can you work on the sleep? Easier said then done with the lives most of us are forced to by circumstances, but there's a lot of hard science saying that less then 7 hours a night (you personally may need more) are very detrimental for all forms of body recovery. Keep in mind sleep is when the body rebuilds stuff, from your muscles after a workout right through to skin and hair. So if you can tidy up your sleep hygiene, give yourself at least 7 hours, and make it as high quality as possible, it will help.

Then look to the inside. East your veggies and other health supporting stuff. The healthier your body is, the more resilience to stress it has. A high-quality multivitamin is probably the best for you right now, to support the body all around rather than just focus on your hair. However, talking specifics, the B complex vitamins, especially B6, have some stress-busting science-backed research. Magnesium is very good against stress, as is the amino acid L-Theanine. Fish oil has some anti-inflammatory properties, and sneaky hidden inflammation tends to come with stress too. Check in with your protein macros while you're at it... the hair/skin/nails all benefit from consuming sufficient protein. The body will take away nutrients and protein from these 'non-essential' body parts first rather than skimp your brain and organs, so stress tends to impact them the most. Basically, eat well to support yourself through this, even if stress-brain is screaming 'starch and sugar NOOOOOOWWWWWWW'.

The last step is babying your hair as much as possible. This won't fix damage (hair, once it's out the head, doesn't grow or repair), but obviously the more you can mitigate breakage and damage, even if hair is frailer than usual, the more will stay put to see you through. Hair care is a bit individual, so you may have to experiment, but the general keys are:

1. Product damage: Make sure you are using a very gentle shampoo that suits your hair type. Consider diluting it... you can get the same cleaning power with less damage. Use a good conditioner.
2. Go easy on the heat. Heat damages your hair... the less you can use things like blow-dryers and (more importantly) straighteners, the less damage. If you do use them, use a heat protecting product to mitigate damage and use the lowest heat you can get away with.
3. See (if you don't already know) with things like the strand test if your hair lacks moisture, protein or both, and do what you can to correct the balance. Also see if you can get some clarity on things like the porosity of your hair, which helps with picking oils and combating damage.
4. Oiling works for some, and not for others...generally cos they use the wrong type of oil for their hair. Oils basically fall into 'sealant' and 'penetrating'. The penetrating types generally can enter the hair shaft to some degree. These help ward off excessive water absorption in porous over moisturized hair which causes something called 'hygral fatigue', and should generally be used before you wash. Sealing oils are better for hair that's porous yet under-moisturized, as they help seal the moisture into the shaft. They don't do anything, however, if there's no moisture there to seal in... so they are best used directly after a wash, or after a heavy spritzing with water. Coconut oil is a touch of a special case. It's a penetrating oil but- while no oil contains protein- it seems to help the hair retain protein it has. That makes it great if you need protein, but often a poor choice if you have too much, or your hair doesn't 'like' protein much. Remember less is very much more with oils... you don't have to soak your hair in it for daily use... a few drops in your hand smoothed on are enough.
5. Look to your brushes and combs. First, correct your technique- dragging anything viciously through the hair will break it. Be gentle, detangle first (with fingers if needed), go softly. Then check out your equipment itself. Rough edges on comb teeth, rough finishes on hair bristles, little knobs or cuts that catch hair, will all cause unnecessary breakage. Nylon/plastic combs and bristles often contribute to static where horn, boar bristle, natural bristle, wood and 'bone' (Bakelite) combs and bristles on brushes don't.
6. Combat static, which causes unnecessary breakage. Use a silk or satin scarf under woolly hats. Consider a silk or satin pillowcase. If hair is loose (i know you said it's a bit short right now, but going forward) consider the friction against your clothes too.
7. Use protective styling where possible. Don't let it get trapped in your seat belt, rub on your clothes, get caught in your glasses or under your backpack/handbag strap etc etc... keep it out the way and the ends protected as much as you can. Again, with shorter hair this is harder then with long, where you can use updos very effectively. Do the same check on your hair ornaments and hair ties you did with the brush/comb... is there things that catch? Are there rough ends? Chewy teeth? Then take them out your rotation.
8. Basically treat your hair like a delicate fabric, and do what you can to minimize environmental wear and tear on it.

I hope that helps a bit! I'm also dealing with impossible-to-avoid stress and the effect on my hair right now. It sucks!

&#x200B;

If you want to get into the nitty-gritty, I love the 'Science-y Hair Blog' for her easy breakdowns of all the concepts around moisture, protein and oils. And remember that the internet often confuses people by using 'hydrating' and 'moisturizing' interchangably. Only stuff with water in it can hydrate, although things like oils can help nourish and moisturize by helping the hair hold on to the water it has.

&#x200B;

Good luck! I hope the stress resolve soonest.

&#x200B;"
beforeoddisee,b1b93n,"Anyone ever recovered their hair from stress?&&&Hey y'all! I posted a while ago about how my hair was falling out, snapping, dry, dull, and just overall in pretty horrible health. It turns out........ I was stressed! Like, very very stressed over a very long time. I go to a pretty difficult university and the combination of lack of sleep, trying to manage everything, family problems, and a whole other host of things over the course of multiple months caused me to be pretty stressed and so that's the main reason my hair is falling out now.

&#x200B;

The problem is, my hair won't start to grow/respond normally for a while... like a period of multiple months so that my hair can recover from the phase of falling out back into a phase of growth. Does anyone have any advice for hair recovering specifically from stress? Like besides being less stressed lol - I'm working on that in multiple avenues. My hair is just short enough to the points I almost can't put it into a tiny bun, and I don't want to keep pulling it back and breaking it off at the ends more. Thank you for any help anyone can give me.&&&I love this answer and you. Thank you!!"
Ntwallace,b15via,Hair butter or hair oil?&&&I have high porosity hair 4a(with a little 4b I think) with low/medium elasticity(working on getting it back) I had a issue with wetting my hair every day which caused a loss of elasticity. I don't think my hair is protein sensitive(used aphogee 2 step a week ago then used a hair butter with silk protein in it today & my hair is fine) but I was wondering if it's better to use oil(olive or avocado) or a hair butter for my hair? Or should I use both them proceed with a twist cream for a twist out or a hair gel if doing a wash n go?
FemmeCaraibe,b14t46,"Avoid styles that create tension on your edges. Black castor oil, it doesnt have to be Jamaican, will work. Use it twice a week, because it's really strong. Making sure that particular area is properly moisturized is also important. 

"
KayyxKayy,b14t46,"Loose flat twists and or regular twists can be great for this because you don’t have to pull too much and can leave them alone! 

Also black Jamaican castor oil in small doses is great too! Just try letting your hair relax more and avoid styles that pull the hair too tight or accessories that will chafe the edges."
cocainetea,b14t46,"Tips on growing my edges back?&&&Hey natural beauts!

I have a problem with my edges thinning and disappearing on me. This is all due to braids pulling them out & always pulling my hair back. I always found it easier to wear a puff or a bun or just have my hair out of my face but it's just been wreaking havoc on my poor edges.

Any products, tips, hairstyles, videos, you can suggest to grow my edges back? Thank you!"
kattymelon,b14t46,"Try wild growth oil, it’s really good! "
gaia7homas,b117qh,"Dry & flaky? That stuff is too expensive to cause this kind of a reaction. But pomegranate seems dry to me, like the fruit itself, you know?  So I don't think I would put that on my hair. "
jedaberry,b117qh,As I Am Long and Luxe pomegranate and passion fruit&&&I recently started to use the AS I AM passion fruit line for hair growth.  This is the most recent change I have made in my hair care routine and I noticed I have three spots forward my hairline that are very dry and flaky.  Has anyone else experienced something similar after using this line ?  I have been using this line for like 3-4 weeks &&&The original line was great for me I love As I Am and was on sale so I got it but maybe now i shouldn’t have.  I think I’ll stop using it and see what happens 
AppeaseMyDelusions,b0vmcq,Well sorry sir unless you texturize your hair its not going to become naturally curly or change your curl pattern. For the dryness have you thought of getting a deep conditioner or hot oil treatment.  You can do it yourself but I recommend a beautician who deals with natural hair. What i do recommend is maybe wet twisting your hair and follow up with some perm rods that helps with the curls. No your hair doesnt look ruined looks like typical 4c hair to me you probably just need a trim.
BigBlackGothBitch,b0vmcq,"Also if you’re looking for a routine, I like to recommend mine (it’s what a lot of naturals do actually) but make sure to adjust it to how your hair feels

1- Choose a shampoo with no sulfates in it (look at the ingredients and make sure it doesn’t have sodium lauryl sulphate or sodium laureth sulfate). Shampoo once every 2 weeks, more if you sweat often.

2- Co-wash your hair when needed, I do this every 2 days or every other day. Co-washing is using conditioner to wash your hair, so just skip shampooing. Make sure to leave the conditioner in for 3-4 minutes I stead of washing it out immediately.  Also comb your hair when it’s wet and has conditioner in it, never comb your hair dry!

3- after every cowash/wash, use products in your hair. You’ll find out what works best for you by trying out different things, but some good things to always have in your hair are leave-in conditioners and some type of oil to seal in moisture. 

It may seem like a lot, but your hair is gonna appreciate the routine. "
BoxedBoobs,b0vmcq,"Are the photos you uploaded of your hair right after you wash, moisturize, and twist or after a few days?

What is your moisturizing routine?

When was the last time you had a trim?"
Dahliacid,b0vmcq,It could be the products you are using and lack of treatments (protein/deep conditioning)
Vanrayy12,b0vmcq,You can relax. When my Afro was that small I had the same kinds of straight hairs. Once my hair got long enough I just realized that I have random strands of hair that are looser in texture than most of my hair. You’ll be fine. &&&But it could be that your hair is over conditioned. When I did the baggy and ghe methods that’s what happened to my hair. So focus on a balance of moisture and protein.  
apfeltheapfel,b0vmcq,"Also make sure you put conditioner in your hair when it’s completely wet. When you twist it, you can seal it with oil. "
gaia7homas,b0vmcq,"Try moisturizing it while it is wet, not while dry. My hair is straighter when wet, too. It takes time to train your hair."
stardarkk,b0vmcq,"Please help, is my hair ruined??&&&http://imgur.com/NIX79O2
http://imgur.com/doz36KE
http://imgur.com/gnI9sWP
http://imgur.com/53LUTKi
http://imgur.com/trpjk7o


Take a look at each of those screenshots, when my hair is just out the shower, it looks crazy and it even looks kind of straight?? and I let it dry , and it just feels so rough and still looks like that, it's crispy, even when I put moisturizer in there, I feel like it doesn't help, but when I do a twist out, I get that curly look just for alittle bit, it doesn't last long, like the second it gets wet or humid outside, it goes back.  I want to have my hair curly without having to do a twistout Everytime, why does it look straight ?? I never put texturizer in there either.. please explain, do I have to cut all my hair off?? it also breaks or falls out&&&Some people are saying I need to trim it?? :(&&&I don't really have a routine, and it's been some months&&&I will try next time&&&Will do appreciate it&&&Food protein? or protein in the product?"
Diabetesismylife,b0t05u,phD student needs help spreading the word&&&[removed]
KayyxKayy,b0sj66,"Leaves in are pretty great for keeping hair moisturized! You can also try to LOC method! 

For me when I want to define my curls I start with water, a leave in or oil of my choice and then say like a curling custard or gel! Personally I’ve never tried the gel method but I have experienced As I Am curling custard! It is so great!!

I know Aunt Jackie also has a line of great custards for defining curls! Make sure with both gels and custards that you put a moisturizer before hand! :)"
brokeboyblues,b0sj66,"What do I need&&&I know there’s steps needed to define ur curls like put this in your hair than that. I was wondering if someone could give me a list of what type of products (gels, leave in conditioners etc.) I should be using and in what order to best define my curls. Cuz right now I literally have a frizzy bush on my head.

I have 3c curls &&&Thank u sooo much for the advice. I’ll look further into it but this helped a lot!!"
ForklkftJones,b0rs6n,"With the CVS 40% coupon, you can get it for under $7."
kaylacutipi,b0rs6n,What is the baggying method? (I'm new to the whole natural thing)
lamborginimercy,b0rs6n,"This is good to hear! My ends are pretty scraggly and dry, and while i try to keep them trimmed, I thought I was going to have to cleanly cut off a few inches. This gives me hope that I can salvage them. "
moonchild2998,b0rs6n,"Crispy ends, no more!&&&Alright, so I saw a couple people on another thread talking about how their ends always seem crispy. I was ALSO up in someone else’s thread asking them how they keep their ends from being crispy. My mom, fed up with me buying stuff for my hair, suggested I just cut off the crispy ends, but that won’t help me see length, now will it? Not to mention I had cut off my split ends only last month, so why are my ends crispy again?!

Anyways, I changed up my routine a little bit. I am also a very lazy natural, so Cantu everything has been my life this time around. It’s my second time going natural after I relaxed my hair, but no biggie. Hair grows back. But I never remembered the last inch of my hair being this crispy last time around. I was becoming very frustrated. It was breaking off and just felt really...bleh. The top portion of my hair was all luscious and soft and then the bottom was just...bleh. 

So I changed up my products a little bit. I switched out my Cantu shampoo to Shea Moisture Manuka Honey and Yogurt Hydrate and Repair shampoo. Also I splurged a little bit on this Mielle Rosemary Mint oil. (I say splurged because the bottle is little as hell for $10) but idk if it was one of those products or both of them but my ends are not crispy anymore! I kept the rest of my routine the same, but it seems like since I used the shampoo for the first time Sunday until yesterday when I co-washed, my ends have been feeling better and better with each passing day. I waited until my hair was dry (I used the baggying method to get all the moisture in) to come to any conclusions about whether my ends felt restored or not, but they totally did. 

I have either 3c or 4a Low porosity hair, of any of that is relevant to anyone else. So maybe like me, it’s something in my fellow crispy ends natural’s cupboard that’s just not working. Don’t be afraid to play around y’all. Sometimes it’s worth the little risk. &&&I’m happy I could help! And I feel! When my mom told me to just cut them off I was like...uh no! I’m on over drive to retain length to grow my hair back to where it was and longer, but these ends are playing. It’s not a joke when people say you need to baby your ends. Hopefully this helps and you don’t have to pick up the shears any time soon!&&&It’s where you put a plastic cap (or bag) on the ends of your hair after moisturizing to lock in as much moisture as you can. I put the cap on my whole head over night the let my hair continue drying in the morning. I can’t say how effective it is, but I like doing it. "
AllieBeeKnits,b0poet,"People judge the water only method too hard it’s doing wonders for my bf, I’m personally too lazy for it but have seen the benefits "
BigBlackGothBitch,b0poet,"I now “wash” (just conditioner and water) every 3-4 days and use shampo like once a month, sooner if i sweat a lot. Granted, I don’t do much and don’t sweat often. But stopping shampoo was the best thing I did to my hair."
BoatsMcFloats,b0poet,"I am curious to try this. How did you come up with this? What are the proportions for each ingredient? 

Does it help with hair loss prevention and/or regrowth?"
Jordangel,b0poet,Do you work out? 
Paradyme80,b0poet,Me either. Shampooing totally dried out and killed my hair. Its long and full now with healthy curls. I should buy stock Aussie as much conditioner as I use but i dont miss shampoo one bit. Just wasn't made for me.
Urikalynn_,b0poet,"I switch from shampoo to my own mixture of black soap, water, avocado oil, olive oil, and Jamaican castor oil. 

Such a huge difference I’ll never go back to shampoo honestly "
Vanrayy12,b0poet,You’re better than me. When I tried cowashing only it left me with buildup on my scalp. 
_CoachMcGuirk,b0poet,"That's good for you, I tried water only washing and my head smelled disgusting. Then again, I haven't spent ""a ton"" of money on shampoo over the past 4 years either, so we're operating on different baselines."
_SERDYART_,b0poet,"I haven’t used shampoo in 4 years.&&&Right of the back , yes , I take showers and clean myself :) 

But I haven’t used a drop of shampoo to “wash” my hair in years. It’s benefited my hairs health immediately after I stopped using it. I wet, conditions and slightly rinse it out after. My hair smells nice, it isn’t greasy or dry and my curls are awesome ! 

I don’t regret it and it saves me tons of money.&&&I like to say “right of the back” it sounds batter to me :) I’m sure that how it’s actually said though &&&That sounds so cool. I loved natural stuff like that !&&&So glad to hear this from someone else ! &&&I agree with you. Everyone is different. I don’t recommend this to anyone , I’m just proud of it and wanted to se show other felt. No harm in trying it though !&&&It repels water at first but soaks it up after a bit. And I do, I use the same leave in every time I “wash” my hair.  It’s called “VOL5” it’s $1 a bottle and I love it !&&&Not really, I do cycle fairly often. &&&I agree. People say my hair is “dirty” and I probably smell bad... But I’ve had several people tell me my hair smells nice. And my hair isn’t dirty at all. It’s dirty in the sense of having its natural oils though. &&&Hushhhhhh *better 😂"
chocolate-merman,b0poet,What’s your hairs porosity? Do you use any leave ins? 
floralsparkk,b0poet,"I wish, I go a week without using shampoo and scalp is screaming for a scrubs "
gtmaki,b0poet,"Woah that’s pretty peculiar, glad to hear your hair is healthy!!!!! I only wash my hair once every 3/4 weeks. My stylist highly recommends it because washing often strips my hair if it’s natural oils"
kammithekiller,b0poet,"i mean if what you call 'shampoo' was Mane and Tail then great. But just like anything out there- shampoo is what you make of it. If using nothing works for you- great, but for others- there are actually good shampoos out there made with natural hair in mind, that wont fry your hair out.

&#x200B;

The immediate response should never be 'it worked for this person, im gonna stop washing it.' Take a second and actually look for good shampoo.

&#x200B;

someone mentioned they make their own ""I switch from shampoo to my own mixture of black soap, water, avocado oil, olive oil, and Jamaican castor oil."" and thats what I do too, or I did for a while, but tbh theres a jamaican/african black/castor oil shampoo that shea moisture makes and its been working wonders for me.

&#x200B;

TL;DR: a GOOD shampoo is fine, please at least try a good one before going cold turkey (I always worry bc my little sis did this and..long story short it did NOT end well)"
lauvan26,b0poet,I haven’t used shampoo in 13 years
lolbeesh,b0poet,"I hate to be that person but doesn't the phrase go ""right off the bat""?"
oop-phi,b0poet,r/boneappletea 
yourbestbudz,b0poet,It’s been several years since I have used it as well. 
