index,id,comments
CoffeeB4Talkie,eef9r1,Oh... great idea! I was planning on taking my daughter to Michaels this week sometime. I didn't think to look for fabric for my hair there. Thank you so much! 😊
montero19,eef9r1,"Pro tip: for people looking for affordable scarfs and pillows.&&&If you don’t mind getting alittle crafty. You could easily go to a craft store and buy a sheet or role of silk. And fashion from it headscarf’s, durag, pillowcases, etc. Just A tip for those looking for silk without forking over $30-$50+"
Stormcaster06,eedhdn,"As others have mentioned, I like sulfate-free shampoos. But not everyone gets the results they want from them. Some feel like they are better off with regular shampoo. Depends, I guess.

I find even more important than the shampoo is what you do after the shampoo. I don’t think you mentioned it. Are you deep conditioning regularly? That helps replenish the hair’s moisture (if you choose a moisturizing conditioner) from the shampoo. Some, like myself, need the assistance of heat for a proper DC to penetrate our strands. 

Also, I find a nice, creamy leave-in conditioner keeps my hair hydrated during the week. Others like something a little lighter.

Are you doing any of these things? Are you DC’ing? Are you using a leave-in?"
TheWiltingOrchid,eedhdn,"Maybe the climate? It’s oFFICiALly winter yaaaay. 
I would deep conditioner once a week, experiment with oils. Olive oil is great for moisture and is able to penetrate the hair shaft. In the colder months I opt for a deep conditioner in the shower instead of a regular conditioner."
Worstmodonreddit,eedhdn,Post approved
innocentgigi,eedhdn,"i use a sulfate free shampoo only once a month and deep condition every week. on my normal wash day i use a cowash (panteen gold series, as i am, and aussie all have great ones). then i condition as normal and then deep condition wearing a heat cap to help lock in the moisture. 

when moisturizing my hair i do a growth oil at the scalp, leave in conditioner, some sort of thick creme (i have type 4 hair. i found that using thicker cremes help with moisture lock and curl definition), and i seal in all of that with an oil (either from the panteen gold series or from aussie). Make sure your hair is still wet and work in sections. if a section seems to be drying out before you get to it, wet it with water from a spray bottle. i hope this helps :)"
parrapio,eedhdn,"Speaking from my own experience, washing your hair regularly will not dry it out as long as you know what works for your hair and have a set moisturizing routine. Shampoos containing sulfates tend to be more drying, so maybe check the ingredients of your shampoo? Also be sure to condition (with a silicone free conditioner if you’re not using a sulfate shampoo) your hair after shampooing. I’m only using myself as an example, you don’t have to do what I do lol but I shampoo and condition my hair weekly. After washing my hair I use a leave in conditioner and some oil and style as usual. You can check out natural hair YouTube’s to see what their routines are and figure out what works for you. I hope this helped"
prodigal_vagrant,eedhdn,"Why is my hair dry?&&&I've been told that shampooing my hair regularly will dry it out. I haven't shampooed in a couple weeks, because my hair has been dry. Today I did shampooo, and now my hair feels even more dry and stripped of its oils. Is there any way to encourage my natural oil production again, or should I be using some kind of oil as a supplement for my hair?"
Mensfitnesslifestyle,ee06kw,5 best long hairstyle for men&&&[removed]
JustLurkingHereMan,edzrii,"Your hair looks to be a bit damaged, so identifying your curl type right now would be a bit tricky. You should use sulfate-free shampoo and deep condition your hair more often. Look up the curly girl method to get started. You may not follow all of the steps, but it'll put you on the right track. And do protein treatments to help restore your hair. Every hair type needs a good protein-moisture balance. It'll take time, but if you stick with a solid routine, your hair will thank you for it.

Edit: without the damage, you hair looks like it'll be Type 3 (maybe 3a/3b)?"
Phoenix_echoes,edzrii,"Porosity matters more than curl type and since you know you're low porosity, that's a great start. Stop using direct heat like flat irons, blow outs. That frequency is killing your curls! Deep condition once a week under a hooded dryer (in direct heat since low porosity has a much harder time absorbing moisture and heat opens our cuticles) As for products, something light and water based vs oil filled heavy creams? Maybe? Look around youtube for maybe 3a hair routines."
SorryBrilliant,edzrii,"I need all the help I can get 😓&&&&&&This is helps a ton. Thank you!&&&Thank you!&&&Long story short, I’ve spent the better half of my life either flat ironing or getting Brazilian blowouts. The only thing I know for sure about my hair is that it’s low porosity and that I’ve yet to find a product that doesn’t leave my hair looking greasy. I have to wash daily unfortunately :/

My current routine is shampooing with a variety of shampoos and conditioning with Nexxus Frizz Defense. When I flat iron, I’ll use NYM It’s A Ten but generally wont add additional products if I don’t plan to straighten it.

I need help identifying what curl type I have and  product suggestions would be GREATLY appreciated!"
LilWildHuman,edx1hv,"Products for bleached hair?&&&So I’m going completely blond next week. I’m use to just doing my ends, but I decided to do it all because i just need some change. (I won’t be touching it for a long time after this though.)

For those that have bleached their natural hair, what products were y’all go-to?&&&Thanks y’all!&&&Thank you! I’ll be buying the Oraplex soon! I just did the color today and still have one more session. I don’t think my upkeep will
Be to crazy since I only plan on bleaching it once and letting my hair grow out after. I love the dark roots light ends type of look."
wyndb,edx1hv,"Get ready because I went blonde and had to change from everything I knew as my holy grail. I solely used the JMBCO line from Shea Moisture for a while when I first went blonde, and since then I’ve alternated small things here and there. The wildest and most challenging thing for me though was my hair no longer being receptive to gel (I was a huge fan of eco), so I had to learn how to style with custards, creams and foams to get that same definition. Things that had avocado in it became my best friend also! The main thing is to hyper focus on keeping your hair moisturized with a healthy balance of protein, and PLEASE invest in a bottle of Olaplex no. 3! I’ve always been intentional with having healthy hair, and if you struggle with being consistent on hair maintenance, then i would not recommend going blonde as it is a lot of work. Worth it, but extremely $difficult$ to maintain."
yxxko,edx1hv,Can confirm on the Olaplex. I've been fully blonde for two years and olaplex is my best friend. I also had to change up oils. Evoo (extra virgin olive oil) cold-pressed has been a life saver.
123yougetme321,edugpd,"Can’t speak for the other products but I heard the gummies probably don’t do much, if anything for you other than act as a delicious candy. 

(Yes. Those gummies are actually quite yummy)"
Disturbia8081,edugpd,I am gonna try
LilWildHuman,edugpd,I have to try these! 😍
cammac4,edugpd,Can u comment on the gummies and mask?? Was there a noticeable difference when you started using both
dyam,edugpd,I love those gummies! I get the ones with the added collagen.
jayduhx,edugpd,Faves&&&&&&Yes for both! When I run out of vitamin & miss a few days I def see my skin dull & my hair tends to look a lil thin. The mask smells great & leaves my hair super soft!&&&Do it & lemme know how it works for u! 💙💙&&&Yes! 💙💙💙&&&I dont think I've seen those! I take a extra collagen vitamin once in a blue but it upsets my stomach 😩
virtualyouth,edugpd,are those your nails?😍
iwuvpeesha,edu299,Should I feel ashamed to wear a wig?&&&[removed]
Worstmodonreddit,edr9oh,I don't think 3s can get their strands to look like that. Most likely the ends at perm rods
afromight1,edr9oh,"Is this finger coiled ends or something else ? How can I achieve this protective style ?&&&&&&Please elaborate. 

Here ends are twisted. Isn't a protective style for protecting our ends ? 

This person is on IG and she says this style lasts about 6 - 8 weeks ."
apple-pen,edr9oh,"First of all as state prior it is not a protective style. Her ends are not protected from potential rubbing against shoulders, the air etc. It is a low manipulation style, as to re-style it it doesn't take excessive manipulation.  To me it looks like it is a  twist and curl. Twising the hair then rolling the ends with a perm rod."
quality-bun,edr9oh,"I’m seconding this, looks like a twist out with a perm rod"
rtd1843,edr9oh,"The ends depend on her hair type. If her ends ARE finger coiled, then her hair type is probably in the 3s. Tighter hair types produce smaller finger coils than what she has.  If her hair type is more course and kinky (in the 4s), then no, they aren’t coiled in this picture. You can achieve this style with flexi rods, perm rods, twist out with rodded ends, straw sets, etc."
shaidashh,edr9oh,Not 100% sure but maybe perm rods on the ends of a twist out?
that_girl_there409,edr9oh,"I'm not an expert, but it could be a variety of style sets from 2 or 3 strand twist-outs, comb-coils that have been separated to give more volume, curlformers that have been separated, hair pieces styled and added to give more volume. With all of that being said, this is not a protective style."
thatguy2130,edr9oh,Thats.... Not a protective style.....
Dahliacid,edqa36,"Probably cud be what ure using too, but I use tgin"
DaniMrynn,edqa36,"Like another commenter said, you're not getting rid of the build-up that all of those products are layering on your hair. A co-wash isn't a shampoo, it's a stopgap between wash days; this means that water (which is the source of moisture our hair really needs), isn't getting into your hair, so it's dry and brittle no matter what butters or creams you add to it.

Pick up a good clarifying shampoo (As I Am makes one) to use once a month, and if you continue to use the leave-in and butter cream you need a moisturising shampoo to use on regular wash days."
GloriaG14,edqa36,Maybe you should try a variation of the LOC method. Personally I prefer to do L (liquid). C (cream). O (oil) and that seems to work well for my hair. My texture is 4b-c
Zaylyn5355,edqa36,You need to properly wash your hair with shampoo to get rid of the build up from products.
slimthiccshrek,edqa36,"Dry Hair&&&Hey I’m a 14 year old girl with 4a hair (I’ve had the big chop) and I need some help. I always put As I am products in my hair like the CoWash, Leave in Conditioner and the Double butter cream, and they always make my hair feel soft and curly when it’s wet but dry and brittle (but it still keeps the nice curls) when it’s not wet. I’ve noticed that my wet hair never really feels soft until I put the double butter cream, and the leave in conditioner doesn’t really do anything, it’s just the combination. So does anyone know any products that makes my hair moisturized the whole day even when it’s not wet?"
JunjiMitosis,edldua,There is a Cantu mixture bottle that has coconut oil and jojoba oil that doesn’t really smell like anything. It’s like $3
Someone1Somewhere,edldua,"I tried coconut oil, but I don't like how it smells. Does anyone have any recommendations for an oil that is similar to Coconut Oil?&&&I pre-poo my hair for the first time with coconut oil last week, and I think it worked nicely for my hair. I wanted to also use it in my hair post-wash/between washes, but the thing is, I'm not a fan of the scent of it. 

I'm just looking for an oil that acts similarly to coconut oil, but doesn't smell like coconut oil.

&nbsp;

Thanks in advance for any suggestions&&&Oh, I feel silly not thinking about mixing it with something more fragrant... I'm thinking like I can only use one oil at a time

Thank you for the peppermint recommendation"
cslrc,edldua,Babassu oil has a similar fatty acid profile as coconut oil
mamaswirl,edldua,Grapeseed oil or almond oil.
sweetsleepysub,edldua,The next closest thing is tea tree oil. I use it for my hair and to get rid of ingrown hairs plus it smells great
withsprinkleszz,edldua,Add an essential oil. Peppermint is good for scalp
CoffeeB4Talkie,edh78n,"Yeah, you're doing too much. Relaxers and washing every other day? That's excessive, IMO."
fxnder01,edh78n,"Excessive Relaxers and heat can cause dry hair, breakage, split ends all types of problems. A routine relaxer sounds like too much... maybe try giving your hair a break and switching to braids or just blowouts?
Also yes shampooing every other day is too much. It gets rid of the hairs natural oils way too quickly. Wash it every other week or if it becomes too much once a week and remember to condition! You also will need to deep condition your hair and I advise you get a hair mask or a protein treatment as heat can remove important proteins in your hair."
just_another_user01,edh78n,"My hair is super dry and i don't know what to do about it...&&&i get relaxers every 6 months, if that's important. i don't know what i've been doing wrong, maybe i wash it too regularly (i wash it about every other day)? [picture for reference](https://imgur.com/a/NAUvbwP)"
jzdelona,edh78n,"I stopped relaxing my hair and did a brazilian blowout treatment instead, which helped, and I just tried an Inca Glow treatment with a blowout/straightening iron, it’s much healthier than relaxers but both the Inca and brazilian are expensive at a salon"
mixedish,edh78n,i used to get my hair relaxed and i washed it once a week. my hair is natural now and i still only wash it once a week because my hair is dry. also i switched to using more sprays during the winter because creams didn’t evenly disperse and kept my hair super dry!
Catnip3978,ederpi,"I straighten my hair (4C, very coily) once every 2-3 months to get it trimmed because it’s a nightmare to cut while it’s curly... usually I get it flat ironed  professionally because neither my mom nor I know how to do it ourselves. Usually I go to a beauty school since it’s way cheaper, and I’ve never had a bad experience at the salon I go to. I always make sure they use lots of heat protectant, that’s always important.

Usually my hair stays straight for about two weeks before I get tired of it and wash it. While it’s straight, I usually oil my scalp with hemp oil in the mornings, and sleep with a silk pillowcase at night. Sometimes I’ll have to touch up the roots, but I always make sure to use heat protectant and not use too much heat.

After I wash it, I usually use a hair mask or a deep conditioning treatment. I leave it on for 30 minutes to an hour, rinse it out, and LOC the crap out of it! Of course, this is just my routine, what works for me might not work for others."
ViviVoxNox,ederpi,What’s LOC again ?
ghosteddd,ederpi,"straight naturals - how do you keep your hair straight longer? and how do you straighten it?&&&I’ve done heat, stretching, curlers, and creams. what’s your favorite method and how long do you get it to last/how do you get it to last? when you revert to curly, what extra loving do you give your hair?"
Curlygirlk,ed5j92,Hey guys join me on my natural hair journey!!&&&
atlgeek87,eczaru,Me after 3 days lol I know that struggle so well
montero19,eczaru,Saw this guy on my Insta and thought some of y’all know the struggle too 😭&&&&&&This man is basically what I’m trying to get my hair to look like down the line 😩goals AF
shaetia1200,ecwqsq,"I make wigs, do braids, and natural hairstyles... I am 16 and ready to move forward with my business plans.&&&"
