index,id,comments
GeronimoRaggedyman,btgkyx,Curls aren’t water proof!&&&
Prinesspeach2927,bt71om,Doing your own crochet braids&&&[removed]
Bellaskywalker1,bt4wiy,I’ve been doing my braids a lot. Look up the rubber band method and have your mom use a rat tail comb to get the sections straight then put rubber bands on your hair. For a beginner rubber band method works well with letting the braids look fresh and keeping them tight longer.
Rectar2019,bt4wiy,"I did it once from a youtube video. For me, ai couldn't grasp the first section at the root, so I found a method where you judt use rubber vanfs instead. A good tip! Have a couple of days set to do your hair..it took me either all day or two days to do it. As far as parting, I had someone assist me with the parting since my hair is so thick"
Riversongbluebox,bt4wiy,"When putting in box braids, faux locs, etc. use the ""brick layers"" method of parting so when you install the hair, you won't have empty holes and gaps and it will look full. You can google this method, or simple put, dont part and put row after row under braids. I hope this helps."
SilentSleepingKitty,bt4wiy,"Box braids on self for the first time&&&But I don’t even know where to start. My mother finally decided to stop paying for them and I never realized how expensive they were.

Do you have any tips on sectioning? Any tips in general? Product recommendations and uses? Methods? What are people doing when they take the hair and separate it only to put it back together? Any type of hair in particular?(I’m gonna ask my mother what kind of hair we usually use but recommendations are always nice)

I don’t plan on straightening my hair or anything (everything is packed away as we’re moving) I have 4c hair

Also, how do you guys prolong your braids? I’m trying to prolong that as for as long as I can.&&&Thanks 😊 a lot of the time I do better by reading and then watching&&&Thanks 😊&&&Thank you 😊&&&Thank you 😊&&&Thank you 😊&&&Thank you 😊&&&I just attempted the rubber band method, took me 12 hours but it happened lol&&&Thank you 😊"
barmeloxanthonyMD,bt4wiy,I did it once on myself. Took a couple days bc Im a lazy son of a Bitch. Kanekolon is what I used. Separating and putting it back is to make it thin out on the ends or whatever I believe. I just watched a few different YouTube videos and winged it. Wear a silk scarf at night or at least silk pillowcase.
dimarive11,bt4wiy,"rubber nad method for sure, i have always done them myself but im definetly not a pro  
in my head they last fro like 3 weeks, but there is always a few slipping im 3b3c"
funkdd,bt4wiy,YouTube will be your best friend on this one
sqwzmahmeatybts,bt4wiy,"I would recommend stretching your hair with twists or braids before you get started, since it's your first time. 

And yes, pulling/feathering the braid hair is important to make sure your ends aren't blunt, and the braids won't unravel if you don't want to burn the ends. 

I'm terrible at sectioning, but I do know, that when I did my passion twists, working from bigger sections helped me a lot. I used 6 sections. 

Good Luck, and I hope you get lots of practice!"
withloverei,bt4wiy,"YouTube is your friend!

I’ve done box braids on myself several times and I highly recommend the pre-stretched hair they now sell at the beauty supply. Saves time and gives you a neater look in the end."
_totallysafeforwork,bsx0bj,"I second the castor oil tip. Also, if it's the same spot that's always itchy, you could visit a dermatologist (if you have access) just to make sure it's not something else going on. Alternatively, you can add a few drops of tea tree oil to the castor oil and use a sulfur shampoo to eliminate any possibility of this being a fungal issue."
amel-i,bsx0bj,"Yes. Go see a dermatologist. Do you take a break in between wigs? That’s very important, your hair needs to breathe"
atiqbunny,bsx0bj,"tiny bald spot in the middle. help me fix it pls?&&&my hair is 4b and usually i have it braided in cornrows (for wigs). i’m usually scratching in the exact middle of my head. & today i decided to wear my hair in two slick ponytails & i was checking to make sure my part was straight (it was) & i see a very small bald spot, no bigger than a raisin. there’s no hair there. it’s not like it’s just my hair is breaking off from the scratching, it’s bald scalp right there!! am i gonna be able to grow it back & how?"
zodiaczealot,bsx0bj,Use Jamaican black castle oil. Put some on your finger and rub it on the spot once a day. It should help the hair grow back. Just make sure you stay consistent with it!
AllieBeeKnits,bsoeoe,Facts there is nothing wrong with your hair it is just the nature although I'm not crazy about the flat iron part
floralsparkk,bsoeoe,Learn to love what you have. Twists help alot though
foxxa121,bsoeoe,"I don’t think your hair needs to be ‘fixed’ more so maybe a little TLC....TRIM - THOSE - ENDS 🙂. You will see an incredible difference in how your styles perform/look. Next a couple of options, both are very helpful and I recommend incorporating occasionally into your routine. It’s not cliche when you hear people say your hair will tell you.
Option 1 - clay mask, I like bentonite or rhassoul.
Option 2 - protein treatment, the aphogee 2 - step is the bomb. 

Sample routine:
I like to trim my ends on dry stretched hair. Depending on how comfortable you are doing it yourself. Now I do my clay mask before washing, mix your clay with water, and a bit of apple cider vinegar.  Sometime I put a few drops of  rosemary essential oil in but that’s optional. You want the consistency to be like loose Pudding, easy to spread. Get the scalp and all of you strands. Section hair before applying. Let dry, hair will get stiff.   Because this is an excellent, cleanser and detox l scrub/massage my scalp good when washing out clay. I won’t even use shampoo.  Deep condition then style.

Or you could do the protein treatment which is applied after shampooing but before deep condition.

TRIMMING your dead / dry ends is a must regardless which option you choose.  

Hope I helped. 🙂"
photographer1111,bsoeoe,"I’ve tried just about everything and my curls never stay (4c hair) once my hair dries my curls basically disappear and become small and frizzy. Does anyone know how I can fix this?&&&I haven’t gotten a hair cut in a long time if
That has anything to do with it (about 5 months)
Not to mention that my hair only become defined if it’s the top of my head (which has longer curls) other wise it’s not really noticeable."
sqwzmahmeatybts,bsoeoe,"Shrinkage is reality with afro textured hair. There's nothing to fix, because nothing is wrong :D

To cut down on shrinkage there are:

Twistouts

Braid outs

Banding

Blow drying 

Flat ironing


All of those things will make sure your hair stays stretched out lost of great tutorials on youtube for each. I really hope that helps."
ebbee,bsodo1,"I had to start making compromises between eliminating frizz versus having volume. Using more lightweight products really helps keep my curls light and springy, but then I have way more frizz than when I used my heavier styling products."
ladyabercrombie,bsodo1,An afro pick
photographer1111,bsodo1,"When I do wash and goes my hair losses all volume and my curls a very flat, how can I fix this?&&&"
6Lilly,bskt8s,Looooove kinky curly knot today. It makes my hair so soft❤️❤️❤️
Loonelle,bskt8s,"What are some great no protein no silicone leave in conditioners?&&&I currently use Camille rose avocado leave in. It works great, but it still has a lot of protein. caster oil and avocado have protein. Its hard to find no- low protein products without silicone's!  I need some girlies who use no protein, no silicone products. What are your go-to's ?&&&Another one! Thank you!&&&I'll check it out. Thank you&&&Thank you for the suggestion.&&&I'll check it out thank you.&&&Thank you. I'm adding to the list."
MoscatoRose,bskt8s,I believe Eden Body Works has products that are protein and silicone free.
accio-tardis,bskt8s,The As I Am Leave-In Conditioner doesn’t have protein or silicone.
coconutmillk,bskt8s,kinky curly knot today
dyam,bskt8s,"Shea Moisture Low Porosity Protein Free Leave in Conditioner/Detangler 

They also have a protein free shampoo and conditioner"
juiceiscold,bskt8s,"Mielle organics white peony leave in and the pomegranate and honey leave in, I’m not for certain about the protein though, but def no silicones"
katsqaz,bskt8s,Came to suggest these too! I love the pomegranate one
twixe,bskt8s,Camille Rose Honey Hydrate
SABRlNASPEIIMAN,bscam3,Why is your username luxhairshop? It’s hard to remember
briannasaurusrex92,bscam3,"You fucking liar.

""I found this place called lux hair shop""

You **ARE** that place.

This is lazy, cheap, and disingenuous."
luxhairshop,bscam3,How to treat hair lost?&&&[removed]
sqwzmahmeatybts,bscam3,Wow. TRASH.
Rae_T,bsbzem,Growing natural hair in primarily wash and gos ?&&&
brainsweeties,bsbzem,"Wet and oil your ends often, like every couple days or every day if you can."
dyam,bsbzem,Is this a question?
paceandunderstanding,bsbzem,I found that getting my hair soaking wet often lead to a lot of gnarly split ends.
curlgarden,bs7t97,"second natural hair event&&&I am super excited! I’ve been really wanting to build community around natural hair in my city. In June, I am throwing a second event which will be a curly girl brunch! 

Super excited!"
scbbK,bs7t97,"That's so cool! Is there anywhere I can read about your event? I've recently realized that I would like to build a stronger curly hair community in my city, as well, and I'm looking for ideas on how to do that. I'm in Oklahoma City."
Blackisthenewpink,bs6ff5,"It will take some time for it to grow out if there’s no underlying medical issues. I would say 2-3 months, maybe longer for you to see the start of new growth in the area. Don’t freak out...it just takes time. 

I would apply Jamaican black castor oil to the spot daily or even twice a day. You can also massage the area for a few minutes with your fingers or a scalp massager. 

If none of that works, then consult a dermatologist and they can better diagnose you."
missb3,bs6ff5,Bald Spot - Help!&&&I found a small bald spot at the top of my head last night and I am lowkey freaking out. Has anyone else experienced this before? What did you use to make the hair grow back? My mom thinks it is stress induced but of course now I am stressing about the fact that it is there lol.&&&Thank you so much! I will try that and definitely head to the dermatologist if it doesn't change or gets worse.
