index,id,comments
Laniejo2u,cvgzi9,My First Devacut!&&&
Jsi87,cvf8cp,"That's a skin condition...hard to say psoriasis or dermatitis, etc. Seek medical attention they'll get squared away"
SmittenAmor,cvf8cp,"100% aloe vera juice + a few drops of tea tree oil in a spray bottle. Spray daily. Diluted apple cider vinegar after shampooing, pour massage for a few minutes then rinse."
bdd4,cvf8cp,"r/psoriasis
Ask your doctor for some Clobetasol"
cilantroxlime,cvf8cp,"Diluted apple cider vinegar or tea tree oil (not used together) are two star ingredients that come to mind that may help.
Also, Dermae makes a Scalp Relief shampoo and conditioner line that contains a “therapeutic Psorzema Herbal Blend” and it really really helped me with persistent fungal-related scalp itchiness."
datcougarassassin,cvf8cp,"For your body? Shea butter all day. For your hair, I think you should go to a dermatologist but you also need some more moisturizing products. Curls Dynasty has some good cocoa shampoo, check them out."
moburkes,cvf8cp,You might have seborrheic dermatitis. Try a carrier oil mixed with neem oil.
myrmewmew,cvf8cp,"Might be psoriasis. There are some steroid creams you can get from the doctor that can get it under control. ""As I am"" has a dry and itchy scalp line. I like the cowash and the scalp oil has salicylic acid in it that is used to treat psoriasis."
stushkaiser,cvf8cp,Help plz&&&&&&Any brand suggestions for the neem oil?&&&❤️❤️❤️
Disturbia8081,cvdwfh,"Spiral rod mistake&&&I watched a few videos on doing spiral rods for the first time.  My 4c hair has gotten longer I figured why not try something new. I bought 1 pack of spiral rods thinking it was enough and it wasn't. My wash day is tommorrow and I want to try this. So is there anything I can do to still do the spiral rod and maybe half my head looks different ,or forgo the rods til I can get more?"
JadedMis,cvbe2k,There’s not much you can do right now except to keep it moisturized. Also maybe change to an anti dandruff shampoo like neutrogena t gel shampoo. When it grows out a couple inches do some mini twists and leave in for a week. Finger detangle instead of using a comb. Find a good deep conditioner. Don’t mess with your hair too much and it tends to grow.
chrisissues,cvbe2k,"Before and after of combing hair out after my shower and shampoo/conditioner. Anyone have advice on product to stimulate growth? Im trying to grow it out but haven't since 2013, little lost.&&&&&&*Block of text warning:*

So im 22, never really let my hair grow out since I was 17 and had to for a few months. Bored of the usual buzzcut, so I'm growing it out but feel I could be doing way better than how I am now because I feel the growth has slowed down considerably after my last haircut. 

I currently wash and condition my hair with Carols Daughters products once a week, regular black vanilla shampoo and hair milk conditioner. If I shower in the morning, I use Carol's Daughter Hair Milk 'Curl defining butter'. If I shower at night, I put in Creme of Nature Argan Oil and a little doo gro. I do this part at night because it tends to leak, so I put on a durag and go to bed. Every other day I use the carols daughter stuff to keep my hair moisturized. Im told my hairs very soft, so I guess im sorta doing something right.

Im not sure if I am doing fine or if I am over/under doing it. I cant use olive oil products, which doesnt help me much, and struggle with dandruff the longer and thicker it gets so thats also a problem (hasnt come back yet!). Im also trying and considering dreads, so thats another reason im growing it out. Not all the way around, just up top like a high top. 

So if anyone got advice on products and what I can do to style it in the meantime, please help me cause im sorta clueless 😅."
datcougarassassin,cvbe2k,"I recommend Mielle Organics, Taliah Waajid, Curls Dynasty and Soultanicals."
jwash1894,cvbe2k,"I use peppermint oil and a olive oil based moisturizer on my hair every day. I also use a moisturizer infused with honey and that helps. 

Also, eating well does wonders too."
096x,cuzr1x,What is my curl pattern?&&&&&&Is there a difference between coily and kinky?
Abstractt_,cuzr1x,"4b I'm guessing?

Why the actual fuck am I getting downvoted"
UniquelyElle97,cuzr1x,Mine is pretty similar if not the same but 4b
kvhjo,cuzr1x,I’d say coily 4b
Abstractt_,cuzbgf,"My short hair is always frizzy at the ends, makes it look kinda straight-ish. I'm fine with it because it significantly cuts down on my shrinkage when its frizzed"
CoffeeB4Talkie,cuzbgf,"It could be the products that you're using. I learned the hard way that my hair hates coconut oil. I can use products that contain it, but not a lot. 

It makes my hair hard. So it'll be like oily hay and then frizzy as all get out. 

I know there are people that have the same issue with glycerin and/or aloe."
CurlsNeedLove,cuzbgf,"I’m in the same boat, my friend. Applying all your products on soaking wet hair is supposed to help prevent frizz, but I already use so much water when detangling.  So I’ve decided to just accept it."
Storytella2016,cuzbgf,"My experience is that conditioning and care can change dryness, strength and brittleness, but that frizz is a styling issue. It doesn’t sound like you use any styling creams or gels to get it under control?"
amw0421,cuzbgf,"Is frizzy hair just apart of some peoples type and texture?&&&So I cut my hair back in December of last year because I wanted to start over and try to get my hair back to a healthy state. It was dry and unmanageable.  I even switched out all of my products to see if that would help. So I bought As I am products and a few months into using them my hair started to become dry and unmanageable again. It was then that I realized I was protein sensitive and dealing with protein overload. So then I switched out all of my products again and started using Camille Rose products. My hair was doing better and was the softest it’s ever been but I started to realize that I now had moisture overload. 🤦🏽‍♀️ I can not win. So I’m now deep conditioning weekly, I incorporate a protein treatment and follow up with a moisture treatment and then twist up my hair. Some weeks I’ll just use a moisture treatment. I leave my hair in two strand twists all week and cowash/wash and deep condition again. I don’t do anything else to it. So my hair is constantly protected. I spray it throughout the week with the mane choice aloe leave in spray or Shea moisture coconut milk spray for protein. But my hair is still pretty frizzy, especially around the roots. I’m just wondering if my hair is just meant to be this way or if there’s something I need to be doing differently. I think my hair is 4b/c.&&&I know that I am protein sensitive to an extent but I am trying to get my hair balanced right now from the moisture overload I was experiencing months ago so that’s why I was spraying it with the Shea moisture coconut spray. But for the most part none of my products contain coconut oil. How would you know if your hair is sensitive to glycerin or aloe?&&&When I twist my hair I use the Camille rose almond jai and I just started using the mielle custard for gel. ( before I was using the Camille rose butter gel) I thought I needed to offset all the moisture I was putting into my hair by adding a protein throughout the week so that’s why I spray it with the Shea moisture coconut milk spray.&&&Lol I’m this close 👌🏽😩  I mean I think my hair is fairly healthy so maybe I should be grateful for that. Lol"
brainsweeties,cuzbgf,I don't really understand what frizzy means in regard to natural hair as opposed to straight hair. Do you mean you have shorter hair that sticks up instead of clumping? That happens to me until those parts catch up to the rest.&&&Oh you mean like a lack of definition? Yeah that might just be your texture.
juniper_fox,cuzbgf,"This is definitely true for some and could be a factor. So many people treat coconut oil like a holy grail. I've tried it in many forms but found ultimately my hair benefits way more from things like avocado oil and jamaican black castor oil. 

Also I only just started using specific styling products (before I just had an arsenal of moisturizers and leave in conditioners) and that does seem to help a lot for holding styles together. Some frizz I feel is inevitable but it can be minimized."
StarrB1010,cuw3qv,Heyy&&&
StarrB1010,cuvyh1,Hey guys I am new to the group and I wanted to share my YouTube channel with you guys the link is down below ⬇️⬇️ https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCVcTe08p2WiTPxoQEy6-fHQ&&&
2oatmeal_cookies,cutvvo,"I don’t, but I used a crochet hook to pull the hair under my rubberbanded sections. I had no breakage."
AvSheba,cutvvo,I wore mine for about 6 or 7 weeks. I had zero breakage and they looked suuuper natural.
communistweather,cutvvo,Knotless Faux Locs Breakage?&&&I want to try the knotless version of faux locs but they look like they could possibly cause breakage. Does anyone have experience with them?
jlynnjewelshoppes,cutvvo,just make sure they arent roo heavy and too close to your edges
Generic_E,cu8uyg,"Best way to stretch hair?&&&I'm really trying to achieve the SZA look on my hair, I have the length but unfortunately have the shrinkage too.

I'm trying to achieve a blowout look on my hair but so far nothing has worked

With the banding method my hair shrinks back up 30 mins after taking out the hair bands

With African hair threading my hair comes out super dry and super stiff and putting moisture back into it only leads to it shrinking back up. 

Any tips?&&&1) I can't cornrow to save my life
2) won't that lead to heat damage?"
datcougarassassin,cu8uyg,"After washing your hair, detangle in sections with a leave in conditioner that's not water based, spray with heat protectant and blow dry each section on low heat. After you're done with each section, cornrow that section. Repeat. That's what I've seen work for others including myself."
Girlunderabag,cu87fz,Help! Replicating this hair color on kinky wig!! Any advice is welcomed!! Color is discontinued&&&
Brinaken,cu7lnd,"Keep up the good work. Kinky/curly hair is very high maintenance, royalty takes times to design. 🌹"
Disturbia8081,cu7lnd,It looks good ☺
Haircules3,cu7lnd,I really like it. Looks hella healthy and cute
Missthang61,cu7lnd,BEAUTIFUL!!
Raeleenah,cu7lnd,😍 it looks amazing! You're doing great with it.
Sarah1777,cu7lnd,GOALS!
Shijima-Kimon,cu7lnd,😍
UniquelyElle97,cu7lnd,Yes Sis ❤️
WtfWhistle,cu7lnd,Gorgeous 🤩
chefboyarbrii,cu7lnd,4 year anniversary of getting my last relaxer!! Cut 6 inches off in January and cried for 2 days but looking back at it I needed it. Just discovered the shingling method and raking method.. did one section with the shingling method & laughed. Did the rest with raking and still took me an hour&&&&&&Thank you!&&&THANK YOU!!! ♥️&&&Thanks!!&&&Thank you! I’m trying 😬&&&Thank you! ♥️
datcougarassassin,cu7lnd,Looks super cute. ❤
ineverhadyourbabytom,cu7lnd,Yaaaaaas I'm loving the volume girl!!!
kaysymone,cu7lnd,omg your hair looks so cute!!
DrizzyRando,cu6ddq,"It really be like that sometimes. I use Aussie Shampoo/Conditioner then style with Cantu Leave in conditioner/pomade. I seldom use olive oil spray from Palmer’s. Try and brush more, could help stimulate growth. I use a boar bristle one. Hope that helps."
deermeat999,cu6ddq,My hair in the front of my head is growing very very slowly or not growing at all compared to the rest of my head&&&
iamyiyaj,cu6ddq,my hair is the same. The front looks like bangs on me.
