index,id,comments
lightskinqueen3,apburc,"Hair dryer brush vs. hair dryer&&&Which would be better to minimize heat damage? &&&I’ve already caused quite a bit of damage to my natural curl texture (3C-4A type). My roots are still curly but my ends are pretty straight. I blow dry prior to flat ironing (I know... this is also a culprit of the heat damage). I’ve never used the dry brush but my hope for it is that I can gently go over sections a few times on a low heat setting  and this will minimize the damage my blow dryer has caused (I used to flat iron all the time and I didn’t have an issue, I got a new hair dryer and this is when my hair became damaged), "
misszoeline,apburc,"Disclaimer: I’m not a hair stylist, so all I know is what I’ve learned from dealing with my own hair. With that being said, I feel like both of them have a similar potential for causing heat damage because it’ll depend on how hot they both get. Either way, you should use a heat protectant any time you use heat on your hair. One consideration with a hair dryer brush is that the bristles might cause breakage if you’re not careful with them, whereas you can choose what type of  comb/brush to use with a normal blowdryer. I also have a thing against unitasking appliances, thanks to Alton Brown, so there’s that lol. Are you looking to do a wearable blowout on your hair or just stretch it for further styling? Because I use curlformers (knockoffs I got from Groupon bc those things get expensive real quick) to stretch my hair without heat when I’m going to get braids or something and then I use this pick when I want a blowout. https://www.sallybeauty.com/hair/hair-styling-tools/hair-dryers/universal-hair-straightening-pic-attachment/SBS-301147.html?utm_source=google&utm_medium=cpc&adpos=1o1&scid=scplpSBS-301147&sc_intid=SBS-301147&utm_content=SBS-301147&gclid=Cj0KCQiA14TjBRD_ARIsAOCmO9YOjM6sKlelWfm73-r1FWPqgG_OJDqxpNHE3TvxnN1aj2dvOJTtaXoaAm7MEALw_wcB&gclsrc=aw.ds"
FK510129,apajyz,"Edge protection and wigs&&&This winter I’m using wigs to cover my natural hair. I’ve been natural for almost 10 years and winter hates my hair. So I’m doing something different. Also I noticed over the summer and fall that my temples were thinning. I bought a wig grip from the local beauty store: it was awful and pretty useless. So I went and got a better one from Amazon. It works and keeps my wig on but I’m losing even more hair. I’m oiling my hair with jbco and the oil recipe from Curly Proverbz and massaging it every night before bed. I tie or cover my hair when I sleep. I put my hair in two strand twists because cornrows did a terrible number on my hair. I use twists so I can access the hair to massage it. But I’m still losing hair!!! I’m at my wits end! Help!!!&&&No, I haven’t though maybe I should. I haven’t been to a stylist since becoming natural since it was a stylist that made me almost lose my hair through an over processed relaxer. "
apsg33,apajyz,Have you talked to a stylist?
n_kaye,apajyz,Maybe your scarf is too tight around your temples at night 
kymberlee_hill,ap74gb,Natural Hair Enthusiast looking for feedback on Natural Hair Tech Startup&&&[removed]
urawizrdarry,ap6tui,"Update: DIY Rinse out Conditioner&&&I made a post the other day asking for recipes for a rinse out conditioner. I moved to another country and getting products for my hair costs an arm and a leg. BTMS is also expensive. I have low porosity type 4b hair with these random type 2 strands everywhere (one of my ancestor's genes decided they were going to do what they wanted).

So instead of starting from scratch, I decided to just boil marshmallow root and slippery elm and add the gel to a slightly moisturizing silicone free conditioner that was warmed up. My hair loves it so far even after I just clarified.

I hope this helps anyone in the same position."
JerseyGirlontheGo,ap6ffg,"laughed at ""my grandma hates both"".  I recently did a wash & go two days in a row then did a flat twist-out on day 3 She said ""Good morning. You hair looks so much better!"""
SeeSeeMonkeyMee,ap6ffg,Gramma wants you to be bald with a fade
acj1123,ap6ffg,"My change from 2018 to 2019&&&http://imgur.com/a/I4URRWy

My grandma hates both&&&Unfortunately, I don't have the head for that 😂"
pearbear22,ap6ffg,That Afro is perfectly shaped
shida206,ap6ffg,You look nice in both
ARenee123,aoy4cz,"Yes I agree 100% I used to try and wear my hair curly and personally I didn’t really like it on me, so I continue to straighten it, that doesn’t mean that I hate myself or anything like that, I just like the way my hair looks straightened, and I will never look down on someone who wears their hair curly because like you said it’s just hair &&&This!! I agree with you 100%! "
MauvaisLangue,aoy4cz,"I totally agree with this! I only went natural because I changed my diet and my hair was rejecting any chemical product. I am 90% in crochet braids, braids or any other protective style because I am not a big hair combing person. I did Keratin treatment and I loved it. I am even looking into texlaxing to manage my hair when not in a protective style. I don't judge anyone on the choices they make with THEIR hair, once it is clean nothing else is my business. Unless you are trying to become social media natural hair influencer, I don't see it being anyone's business. Black is still beautiful with natural hair, extensions and chemical treatments. "
MaybeTennessee,aoy4cz,"I’ve been natural for like...seven years now? But I flat iron my hair about 90% of the time and the amount of shame and judgement I feel just reading the comments on social media astound me and honestly do a number on my self esteem depending now sensitive and weak I am that day. What’s wrong with me flat ironing my hair? It’s honestly easier for me because I don’t know how to manage my 2b/c-3a Latina hair and don’t have the patience to wear it curly 24/7.  Am I doing “natural” wrong because I’m not rocking the fluffy curls? I didn’t even know there was a wrong way. 

One day I read “your natural is not my natural” and *damn*. It’s true. What works for you may not work for me and you know what? IT’S FIIIIINE. It’s what I want, right? I’m doing it for myself, yeah? Then that’s enough. Period. 

💜"
PoetryRaven,aoy4cz,"Totally agree!  It definitely took me some time to give over my ""holier than thou"" Mentality when it comes to hair.  I caught myself multiple times being shady to friends for not being natural.  My friends definitely called me on it.  "
Shidapita13,aoy4cz,Day that again twice! It just hair!! ❤️🙌🏾
_CoachMcGuirk,aoy4cz,I hope that you're wrong and it is not and will never be unpopular not to judge someone for making a choice that has nothing to do with them. I'm glad you stopped worrying so much about other peoples hair.
lavasca,aoy4cz,"Agreed! Do what works for you.

We have a lot of pressure. Make haircare an act of self love rather than a high pressure activity to gain acceptance from someone."
sqoorelfreend,aoy4cz,"Same, the only time it annoys me is when people make excuses for relaxing there after nothing works when they've barely tried anything. Like if you just prefer straight hair then relax it you don't have to make stuff up for it"
toolittletimee,aoy4cz,"Unpopular Opinion/Rant to Some&&&I used to judge those who relaxed/straightened/dyed/etc their hair after being natural for X amount of time. But now I realize it is just hair. The amount of time it takes to do natural hair is short for some but lonnnnng for others and if you feel like you’re spending way too much time (& money!!) doing your hair don’t feel bad about putting it under a wig/doing whatever to make it more manageable for you. 

I think too often, especially on social media, we see people shaming each other for not being natural or for being natural and it’s ridiculous. IT’S JUST HAIR. You can do whatever you want to your hair and you shouldn’t feel obligated to stick to a particular state just because everyone else is doing it and/will judge you for going against what they feel is right for you. 
"
Kdolla679,aoudch,I like knot today leave in and a little curl enhancing smoothie
PoetryRaven,aoudch,"I think as long as it's light weight,  a lot of leave in I'd ok.  Also consider even using butters or gels for twists"
amaysing1993,aoudch,"Best Twist outs&&&So Ive switched from using cantu twist out cream to just using a leave in conditionner for my twist outs. I have been a bit of a product junkie lately, so Ive tried aunt jackies leave in, shea moisture, cantu, and giovanni. 

Is too much leave in conditionner bad for your hair? Also can anyone recommend what they believe is the best twist out cream? Or a really good leave in conditionner?"
ttcool8,aoudch,"I actually only use raw Shea butter on my hair (the yellow kind) melt it slightly in the microwave and use a whisk to turn the texture into a more butter like consistency. This has honestly changed the game for me and my twist outs. Type 4a,b,c hair mostly b and then c at my crown. I don’t use any gel or leave in at all and hold and moisture is great"
BigTittiedMathBitch,aoosbi,How often do u condition? 
LadyLAJ,aoosbi,"Perhaps you should do the LOC Method &&&LOC, LOC, OCL CLO, .....they are all the same.  It’s just the order in which you apply the products.  Leave in, oil (essential oil) and cream.  

Grapeseed oil is excellent.  A liquid leave -in is best.  It’s a matter of finding which products works for your hair.  "
Mynotredditaccount,aoosbi,"Something that I haven't seen mentioned here is drinking enough water. You can put all the products in your hair but if you're not properly hydrated, you will see no effects (:
"
TheRubyElf,aoosbi,"Do you seal your leave-in conditioner with some sort of oil or butter? If you don't, try using a light like jojoba or avocado (which are great if you have fine hair or get a lot of buildup), or something heavier like shea butter.

Without sealing in the moisture from your leave-in, it won't stay in your hair for long.

Also, if you can, invest in a satin wig cap! I wear a wig for protective styling too and regular wig caps were always super drying for me, but a satin one keeps my hair moisturized all day. "
TwoTea-Forever,aoosbi,"My hair eats up conditioner and is dry afterwards&&&I use leave in conditioner/ deep conditioner/ regular conditioner. I use a satin pillowcase, but my hair is so dry. I recently did a big chop and I wear wigs as a protective style. My hair is in Twa and I just put it in a wig cap and put my wig on. I’m not sure if not cornrowing my hair is what is making so dry? &&&I bought a heat cap & out it in the microwave and used it when I deep condition. Maybe it wasn’t hot enough. &&&Once a week "
droolingyet,aoosbi,"Water is the only thing that can really moisturizer your hair. As someone said use the Loc method, your liquid should be water. Do the loc method before you twist your hair, than put on your wig cap. If you do this daily, You’ll notice a huge difference.  

I was in the same boat just a month ago. I have 4c hair, and I find if I wash my hair very 3-5, do the Loc method daily and deep conditioning 2-3 times a month. My hair has been looking and feeling healthy. Plus I get a deep condition at the hair salon 1 every 2 months or so. 

You can deep condition all you want. It’s not going to do much for your hair.  If Your daily routine sucks. 
Look at this way, your body needs water daily to survive and to stay hydrated. If you only drink water once a week, it help for that moment but your still going to be thirsty everyday until the  next time you drink water. It’s the same for your hair. 

You have to find a routine that works for you hair. 
It takes time but Stay consistent. 

Don’t forget your diet is also important. Eat better and stay health

Hope this helps. "
ellewoulds,aoosbi,"Do you use heat when you apply conditioner (deep conditioning specifically)? I have low porosity hair, and heated conditioning sessions are the only way I get the moisture into my strands. Maybe your hair isn’t actually accepting the moisture? 

I’d try a strand test for porosity and see if finding out how to lock moisture in based on your porosity helps. It helped me quite a bit when I took over my own hair care. "
floralsparkk,aoosbi,Try deep conditioning with heat
glodoll,aoosbi,"maybe there's something in the ingredients of your products that's drying your hair out? isopropyl alcohol? check the ingredients, first."
tabisadelta,aoosbi,LOC did wonders for me when I did the BC.
AdibaRezcova,aog45v,DE'XE HAIR ROOT COVER UP&&&[removed]
Forsight_FT,aobkv7,Looking for guidance guys help me out?&&&
Dahliacid,ao8hdg,Tell him beard gang ain’t working for him or stop painting his hair line. 
Fur_Mommy,ao8hdg,"When he talks to you ignore him, act like you don’t see or hear him."
Ggirraffee,ao8hdg,Do my hair?&&&I wear a natural fro This guy at work keeps telling me to do my hair I do something with it like bitch do you know how long it takes me  to moisture detangle twist my hair then in the morning I twist and fluff?More time and effort than you've ever spent on yourself in your ENTIRE existence 🚮&&&Yea he is &&&Now I feel self conscious about wearing my fro like I though it looked good but sometimes people ask me if it's a wig but when my hair was relaxed people thought it was weave so idk 🤷🏾‍♀️ like I didn't think anything was wrong with it by  now I'm not sure 
JadeStew,ao8hdg,"Tell him to go do himself, since you’re sure that no one else is willing to do the job. "
Jazzers88,ao8hdg,PETTY! I love it 🤪&&&Honestly it’s all about confidence. I hate doing my hair so I mostly ended up juss rocking my fro 24/7. I already told myself before I started my natural hair journey that I wasn’t gonna abide to the white patriarchal system of beauty. And basically so wtf I want when I want cuz I can and I was born this way. What you REALLY need are some snippy comebacks ☺️
arigoldeb,ao8hdg,Fuck em. He’s probably never grown out his own hair and never learned to love or appreciate it. He brainwashed 
comicstix,ao8hdg,Please talk to your manager about him and/or go to HR
epink94,ao8hdg,"Sounds like he’s intentionally trying to be an a-hole. If it persists, report him."
montilyetsss,ao8hdg,Go to HR and let them handle that. 
naomicampbell9,ao8hdg,Tell him to mind his fucking business.
shida206,ao8hdg,Tell him he is whitewashed and self hating and get the hell on somewhere!  No one asked him!
unwaveringwish,ao8hdg,"Is he black (it be ya own people sometimes)? Regardless, document every time he says something, in writing, and report him to HR if it gets worse"
FulaniQueen,ao47s2,I just placed an order of this on Amazon. I can't wait to try it this weekend. 
breezesmart,ao47s2,I have one and absolutely love it. I make sure to apply heat protectant to my hair before I use it and it always turns out fine. My hair stays detangled for a good while when I use it. 
fluentsyntax,ao47s2,i’ve had it for a few years now. definitely makes it much easier to straighten hair before flat ironing it. 
jamlesstoast,ao47s2,I have type 4 hair and i love it. It’s less time consuming to blow out my hair.
lightskinqueen3,ao47s2,"You don’t notice a lot of heat damage using this instead of a blow dryer? 
"
rossablue,ao47s2,I have it and like it. It really cut down the drying time and didn’t damage my hair. 
sophistirachet,ao47s2,"Revlon Blow dryer brush on type 4 hair?&&&Has anyone tried the New Revlon 1 step hair dryer?  I have 4c hair and I'm not sure if it'll damage my hair long term because of the paddle brush. I have seen reviews from youtube but I don't trust it since YouTubers have a tendency to bandwagon. pls share your thoughts If you've used it or  if have a  any good blow dryer (with comb attachment) recommendation pls share your thoughts 

 [Revlon One Step Ionic Hair Dryer and Styler](https://www.amazon.ca/Revlon-Step-Ionic-Dryer-Styler/dp/B00YCARW5A/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_product_top?ie=UTF8)&&&Thank you so much! I'll make sure to use heat protectant as well&&&Thank you so much! &&&Thank you :)&&&Thank you! I actually just purchased it on Amazon. fingers crossed :)&&&it works really well! my advice though is not to use it on too damp hair. I made that mistake when i bought it and my hair shed a lot. let your hair  air dry for a bit before using it :)"
tabby29,ao47s2,"I love it! It cut my blow drying time in half and it gets my hair super straight! Be careful using it though, you can still get heat damage. I use a heat protectant and the cool setting "
HutorovskayaVsemila,ao41n9,100% OFF GUARANTEE valentine day sale&&&[removed]
BlackTech00,ao0c3a,"Help or tips with my Hair Routine??&&&So I’m a guy and I’ve been growing out my hair since November 2017. My goal is to have long luxurious curls and I just wanna know if I’m on right path with what I’m doing to my hair. After letting my hair grow for a bit I decided to pick up my first products which were the Cantu coconut curling cream and Shea Moisture gel soufflé. I would put those two in my hair everyday but I would be scared to wash my hair because my curls would just come out. Eventually I got OGX Argan Morocco Shampoo and Cantu Conditioner and started to see better results. I didn’t like the Conditioner as much because I thought it made my hair puffy looking after, so I switched to the OGX Conditioner. I started watching more curly natural hair vids and purchased the shea moisture 10 in 1 superfruit complex hair mask for my deep Conditioner. I also mix it up with this Castor oil my mom bought me too. I’ve been looking for a good leave-in Conditioner too so I recently bought the Shea moisture milk which I think makes my hair less defined. Idk if that’s what it’s supposed to do but maybe I can get some tips and advice from anyone willing to share.. sorry if this is long this is like my second reddit post."
the_bririonman,ao0c3a,"Hey! Congrats on your journey! It can be a bit hard to give tips since everyone's hair is so different, but here's what I got:


• Pay attention to your hair routine like it's a science experiment. Always take note of the products used,  the amounts, the order, the result, etc. This will allow you to pinpoint areas of success and things that need improvement. Also- if you change a product, tool, or technique, it's very easy to isolate its effects when you know you've done everything consitently. I promise this helps you be sooo much more in tune with your hair. It'll feel way less like a blind guessing game. 

• Get your technique down; it's arguably just as important as the products. Figuring out how to do your hair allows you to use the products to their full potential. Maybe you need to set your curls soaking wet in the shower, or you get more definition from finger combing than scrunching. Maybe brushes aren't your thing. If you're doing your hair in a way it doesn't like,  the products you use won't even matter.

• Figure out ~why~ you like the products you like. Specifically 1) what do they do to your hair and 2) what ingredients might they have in common. Eg. Hair milks vs. Creams, different types of gels, heavy oils, etc. This will allow you to make inferences about what products are best for you so you can have a better understanding of what's going on before you drop any coin.

• Take care of your hair with appropriate treatments and maintenance. Deep coonditioning, moisturizing, maybe protein treatments, trims, satin caps at night, etc. will keep your hair happy and capable of reaching its full potential. 


Other weird tips:

• use ""prayer hands"" to smooth curling product into hair to increase definition and fight frizz

• when trying new products, mixing them with other products you use on the back of your hand can give you an idea of how they might work in your hair. For example, if mixing the products leaves a white lumpy mixture you might be left with those dreaded white dots in your hair, a smooth, very solid white film on your hand can mean flaking, and a smooth opaque-ish/clear film means the products probably ""like"" each other, lol.

• After finishing a wash and go flipping your head upside down and shaking your wet hair every so often is a good way to separate curls without sacrificing definition or creating too much frizz.

•I love the cantu moisturizing curl activator cream lol

Tbh it just takes time and mad patience.
Gooooddd luck!!!! "
DeniseJarrett,anvau1,Should Natural Hair Braiding Stylist Use a Sew-In Needle Without Regulat...&&&[removed]
HeyItsKimberlee,anph9j,"Mine is Hey, it’s Kimberlee 
I love checking out channels too!🌼"
Kristianmikal,anph9j,Hey yes mines is Vanéx Favors !
netergold,anph9j,"Anyone on YouTube? Looking to find inspiration.&&&Hi, I'm looking to find some new inspiration for my channel from you all. Let me know your channel name so I can see what's out there. 

Mine is NETERGOLD, I'll probably be in your comments a lot. &&&Checking you out now!!"
Chocokat97,ann06f,"You can do twists or flat twists! Those are cute and simple to do. Or you can do the twists but also use something like a head wrap to keep your hair tucked away. &&&Not exactly tips, but I try to make sure that my parts are neat and that my parts is as clean as possible with a rat tail comb. You can also use gel or edge control to make sure the sections are smooth. "
DearDxni,ann06f,Protective & Wearable Styles?&&&Does anyone have suggests on protective style that's I don't need to braid because my braiding skills are not on par. I want to manipulate my hair less because yes I am trying to do the rice water challenge so I'm just trying to get my hair to grow as much as I can. And what I mean by wearable is it looks cute???&&&Thank you! Do you have any tips for sectioning each twist to not look so wack when your hair is down. Because sometimes when I try twists they don’t sit right when my hair is down. 
Lovelynell4,ann06f,"I do twists. Mini twists, jumbo twists, and flat twists into a pattern. Leave those babies in for a week or two weeks. "
juniper_fox,ann06f,"I also can't braid to the scalp to save my life lol. You do a lot of twists and buns and roll overs haha. You just mix up the placement and size depending on the length of your hair. When my hair was long I did twists all over that I would wear for a bit and then take out for a twist out. I wore space buns and high buns and would sometimes roll the front of my hair in on itself to make the ""crown"" effect. You just get creative with what you can do. Sometimes you find accidental styles too"
