index,id,comments
BB770M,azok0t,In my opinion I’d just go for some cornrows. Nothing fancy. Looking cute at the hospital isn’t a thing. I can tell you from first hand experience. 😭I wouldn’t get any long braids or anything. 
BloodOnTheTeaLeaves,azok0t,"Agreed! They tend to be thick, so it doesn't take long to install or take out. And as long as you're gentle, they last a while!"
Dahliacid,azok0t,Maybe get a cornrows style I think they're called Ghana braids. 
Eleanorrigbeee,azok0t,"Cornrows, not too small (so you don’t get itching) or a goddess braid (crown), maybe poetic justice braids. "
Jojotherabbit123,azok0t,"Girrrrrl you better slap a wig on and stop playing! Lol having your hair braided and then slapping on a wig can be effortless, assuming that you will be able to put one on. If not, I would do crochet. Cheap, easy to install and you can still get to your scalp if you need to put oil/conditioner/etc "
Sharbubbles972,azok0t,"Protective Style for Surgery&&&Hello!

I'm getting a pretty invasive surgery soon. I will be taking off work for 2weeks and not doing much. Does anybody have a suggestion for a good protective style. I will be in bed most of the time and do not want to deal with my hair at all during my recovery. I can't braid so I'm willing to get it done. Low maintenance, looks good, and is comfortable... and can  last for 2 weeks. I will still want to look good if I ever have to leave the house or for my follow up appointments with doctor.."
The_Specialist_says,azok0t,I would suggest braids or cornrows. The only reason I would advise against wigs is depending on the type of wig and if it comes off easily. There may be some procedures they will need to get to your scalp for. I was a sleep tech and needed to get to the scalp to do testing. Good luck on your surgery! 
feverdreamgirl,azok0t,Box braids. I had an invasive surgery in January and took two weeks off as well and they worked fine.
PigmentedLady,azansb,"No. It'll actually grow by retaining your hair. It's super important to leave the hair alone, but knowing when to water and feed it like a plant."
brokeboyblues,azansb,"Durag stunt growth?&&&I have a mini fro going on and was wondering if I were to wear a silk durag with a wool hat on top everyday would the growth of my hair slow down or stop or something?

*i know this is probably a dumb question but I know nothing about natural hair and I’m super paranoid about hurting it in anyway &&&ohhhhhhk got it. Thank u so much for the response!!!"
Gabbbsy,az6iav,Do you have problems with it rubbing off on your clothes or anything? 
HeyItsKimberlee,az6iav,"I’ve used a hair paint gel by Gemini Naturals. Loved it. Black owned, natural ingredients, easy to use. I made a YT video on my experience and how to wash it out. Overall I loved it. I used a bronze color!"
MsTreme,az6iav,"What’s your hair type? I’m curious how it works for 4b/c hair 😊

Edit: lol I looked at the website, I might have to try this! "
Urikalynn_,az6iav,I love it! I actually used some yesterday. It’s honestly amazing and fixed that “I wanna dye my hair urge” I usually don’t have to use curling gel whenever I apply it. Perfect at defining curls 
afancysandwich,az6iav,"I used it, direct from the site. It was great. Got lots of compliments. Didn't transfer (it would flake a tiny bit when I touched it but it wasn't extreme). It started off super electric and faded to a nice blue by the end of the week, and washed out easily."
annc4057,az6iav,"Has anyone tried hair paint wax?&&&I know it's been going around in the natural hair  community on IG and YouTube. I recently ordered some in purple, but haven't decided if I'm going to use it or not. Was just curious &&&Okay thanks. I'll check her out&&&Good to know. Thanks "
bubblegumsparkles,az6iav,"Very messy, i used the gold one "
dontputthatjujuonme,az6iav,I just finished putting the gold one in my hair. It was super easy to apply. I’ll let you know how it looks once it’s dry. 
miss-meow-meow,az6iav,Did it get on your clothes? Do you have pictures? THE PEOPLE NEED ANSWERS
mixedbeansss,az6iav,I second this. Really great colors and the ingredients are really great on my hair. 
moonchild2998,az6iav,Thanks for this! I plan on buying. I’ve never tried colors on my actual hair besides braids and I think it would be a fun look!
pithychick,az6iav,"I'd actually recommend Crown Paint Colors. You can find her on Instagram.  It's owned by a black woman.  There are over 30 colors. 

I used it.  Super easy to apply.  Actually moisturized my hair.  And washes out easily.  You lock it in by drying the hair on cool.  Lasts about 3-5 days.  "
BrieAlysse,az2yc8,I had terrible results with Deva Curl. I make my own products but I’ve pretty much used everything in the store when I went natural lol. Let me know what problems you’re having so I can recommend something more accurately. 
TealLover98,az2yc8,"I want to try something new!&&&Hey everyone! (Long post alert!)

For the past couple of days I’ve been wanting to change my hair care routine. I think my hair is not getting the complete satisfaction from the products that I’ve been using. I have 4c hair in the front and 4b hair in the middle on down. 
The products I use is Not Your Mother’s Natural Coconut Milk and African Marula Tea Tree Oil shampoo and conditioner, Shea Moisture Jamaican Black Castor Oil LIC, and Cantu Curl Activator Cream, and a oil blend. 

I’ve been looking into Deva Curl products, so if you have used them please share your thoughts! Or if you have any recommendations that would be helpful as well! I’m a college student so cost is a big factor. 

Thank you in advance!"
sqwzmahmeatybts,az2yc8,"Shea Moisture has worked great for me. I actually get a lot of their stuff on sale from CVS or target.

The whole blends line from garnier is pretty cost effective, and really moisturizing as well."
AppeaseMyDelusions,ayzea5,"bentonite clay and acv mask, follow up with a deep condition and hot oil treatment.. how is your diet? do you take vitamins (biotin folic iron) and get enough  water "
FemmeCaraibe,ayzea5,Bentonite clay and apple cider vinegar work wonders!
almondbuttered,ayzea5,Hair porosity can change. I believe mine changes with the weather/ seasons. Check your porosity and adjust your products and hair care routine accordingly. 
colors32,ayzea5,"My natural hair feels dry/brittle all the time products that usually work don't feel like they are working anymore?&&&Hi, so for the past month or so I've been really struggling with my hair. Idk if this is a factor but I'm not 100 percent natural. When I lived with my step mom and dad a year a ago my step mom didn't like that my hair was so kinky so she put a texturizer on my hair. 

I haven't gotten a texturizer since then. Lately I feel like none of my products are working the way they used to my hair doesn't have slip and it feels way harder to detangle. Its mostly been since like January.I tried trimmed my ends twice actually and my hair still feels hard to comb at the ends.I thought maybe it could be the natural hair vs texlaxed texture tho I didn't have much issues before. My texturized hair is only slightly looser than my natural hair.

I feel like no matter what I do products kind of sit on top nothing is getting penetrated in my hair and my hair gets dry quicker. Im pretty sure I have low porosity hair if that helps. Any suggestions? "
moonchild2998,ayzea5,"Sorry to bother you. I want to try the second one, but is it okay to wash down the drains? "
nemicolopterus,ayzea5,This also really sounds like protein overload. Do your products have tons of protein?
tabby29,ayzea5,"Your hair might have a lot of buildup. Try using a sulfate shampoo once, or try a bentonite clay and apple cider vinegar mask! They’re easy to do and you can find a good recipe on YouTube "
FemmeCaraibe,ayxdg8,"Maui Moisture, their conditioners and masks are amazing, not to mention they are cheap!"
Kdolla679,ayxdg8,Knot today leave in
PoetryRaven,ayxdg8,"Best product for slip?&&&Looking for recommendations for leave in conditioners with great slip!  I've been considering soultanicals products so if anybody has tried them,  I'd love to hear your thoughts. 
I have low porosity,  type 4 hair if that matters. &&&Should I look for products with these ingredients or should I just diy them? &&&Hmmm,  kinda pricy but I'll check it out,  thx&&&Which one,  I notice they have s few different ones. "
Stb32601,ayxdg8,Mane Choice 4C line
floralsparkk,ayxdg8,"Tgin leave it, it's a 10.&&&I use the green tea one "
pikkonoloidlee,ayxdg8,Another vote for kinky curly knot today (I like it better diluted personally)
rosiebear2018,ayxdg8,I usually mix that with aloe and water 
tiffanyb143,ayxdg8,"Slippery elm and marshmallow root gives the slip you're looking for 

Or aloe Vera gel

Those are what I use. 

"
BigTittiedMathBitch,aymn9m,"Frizzy, rough to the touch, drinks moisture and still feels rough "
Girlinthegreycoat,aymn9m,"How do I tell if my hair is dry?&&&This may seem like an extremely dumb question, but it is a legitimate concern of mine. My hair is type 4a-4c. The 4a part of my hair almost always feels softer/moisturized and the 4c parts feel dry most of the time. 

Considering I moisturize my whole head of hair equally, is what I feel as dryness really just me conflating texture and moisture?

How can I tell whether my hair is dry or just naturally a little coarser? 



"
Hummus_Hole,aymn9m,"Good question.  I honestly don't know the answer to. Sorry.  :-(

Have an upvote."
lemontimes2,aymn9m,"You may need to use a thicker moisturizer or sealant for your 4c hair section. There may even be varying porosity levels in your hair as well. One way to tell if your hair is dry is if it’s breaking off easily (not shedding, breakage on the tips of hair) try keeping your hair stretched with twist outs or braid outs. It may be easier to tell the level of softness like that because the stretched style will make the texture more even all over. Hope this helps. "
lildw22896,aymn9m,I actually was having this debate with myself just yesterday lol i also have 4aish hair in the front then 4b/4c in the back.the definition of coarse relates to the circumference of one strand of hair.if you compare you strand to a piece of thread if its thicker then the thread you probably have coarse hair. 4c hair loses moisture and is harder to moisturize because of the tightness of the curls so what ive concluded for myself is that since some of my curls are looser they are easier to moisturize and the 4c ones are harder to.so yes one part of your hair can be dry while the other isnt. Not really sure how to combat it yet but my best guess is using different products and methods on the different parts of your hair
originalsoul,aymn9m,You'll have to be Mindful and compare how your hair feels when it has JUST finished drying after being damp. That will give you a baseline to compare to. 
shida206,aymn9m,"I think you are going to have to treat the more kinkier sections of your hair with a bit more love and TLC.  If they need more moisture, treat your hair with more moisture.   Make sure you are using a thicker or heavier moisturizer where you need it.  Make sure you seal the moisture in with a thicker butter or oil in the 4C areas.  You don't want your hair to get dry.  Use a refresher or some aloe vera juice in between moisturizing to give your hair some TLC... dry hair feels crunchy, parched, and dull."
CantuTwists,ayft6z,"It depends on how you style it. I braid/twist my 4c hair and don't have to redo it for about a month,  ( I wash it with the braids in whenever necessary). The process of learning what works for you is hard, but once you get the hang of it, it's easy."
Chunswae22,ayft6z,Because it is for some.. We don't all have the same hair 
CurdledCrossiant,ayft6z,"I agree, for a lot of women around me, they didn't grow up on how to deal with their natural hair. 

Im 22 and only learnt how to actually manage/understand my hair when i was 20! Prior, it was ""easier"" and strongly implied to have it relaxed ect. 

European standards, erasing black hair history ect, plays a factor to the dislike and difficulty into handling 4c hair in it's natural form. But then everyone has different reasons and experinces.
"
McShortenstein,ayft6z,"This. I have 4c hair, been natural my whole life and I just don't have the time or the patience to give up my Saturday mornings to spend 3 hours doing my hair, especially in the winter when it's got to be dry before I can leave the house or it'll freeze. My hair is middle of my back long and some days it's taken a lot out of me to not chop it all off when I'm 2 hours in and I've still got half my head to style."
Noxxi-a,ayft6z,"I won't say it isn't difficult because that depends on alot of factors. I went natural because of lack of funds to get my usual braids and it wasn't fun and i made alot of mistakes but tried alot of things that eventually led me to figuring out stuff i could do that worked for me but also cut down on time. I don't use a million products, i have one moisturizer and i use the inexpensive suave shampoo with the Aussie deep conditioner. My hair grew long enough to keep it in buns so i can sleep and go about my day easily, too. 

It all depends on what you do But i think it's less a difficulty problem and more a manageability one. But if somebody wants braids or weave or a relaxer because it's more manageable for them personally then that's cool too. "
PinkPurse12,ayft6z,Umm well for me it is and its mainly due to the tangles. It will be soooo much easier to style my hair if I didnt have tangles. Also I have long hair and its a lot of it so you can imagine the effort it takes to make it look decent. AND after all that detangling and then styling getting the twists outs or braid outs to last more than a day...it aint easy.
Thewriterswithin,ayft6z,"Why do black girls say that 4C hair is high maintenance?&&&I have 4C hair... For years people always told me I had wonderful hair but the woman in my family hated my hair and pressured me for years to wear weaves and wigs because I look terrible naturally. Every hairstylist I go to always told me I had wonderful hair but it wasn't being properly taken care of. Finally I went on YouTube and learned how to care for it properly. I learned how to lock in moisture, I learned that water is my best friend  and I taught myself how to twist....  I can get it wet, I can wash it while it is in twists and it still looks decent... Someone even told me my hair was fake.... Lol now that I know how to properly moisturize and style my hair ( it isn't hard just takes a lot of time) now suddenly they like my hair and even my mon went natural. Yup that's right. She went natural because of me most likely. So, I don't understand why people say that 4C is hard to maintain.... It isn't for me.  "
burntchickentenders,ayft6z,"I've been natural for almost 10 years and have 4c hair. It took me years of trial and error before finally finding what my hair positively responds to. I've watched a myriad of youtube tutorials and read several articles all offering a wide array of 4c tips and tricks but what works for one may not work for the other. A hair care professional educated me on the many different attributes of hair (density, thickness, curl pattern, etc.) and how they have a major effect on what products and care methods work best.

Congratulations on finding what works for your hair."
dyam,ayft6z,"Because it is, especially when you compare it to all other hair types. Just because you have the time/patience to maintain it, doesn’t mean everyone with 4c hair does. Also, all hair is different, so just because you found what works for you hair, doesn’t mean everyone has. 

You said you don’t understand why people say it’s hard to maintain because it isn’t for you personally... that’s like a professional [anything] going up to a novice and saying, I don’t get why you’re struggling. It’s easy. Just *do* it. Nothing in life works like that. Sometimes, things come naturally to people. Sometimes, it takes years to get it right. Sometimes, it doesn’t come at all. 

Please, do not belittle other’s hair struggles because they are very real."
iso_inane,ayft6z,I really do not know how it isnt hard for you. i do my own yarn braids bc they have proven to be super effective at retaining my length and also convinient because i can wake up every morning and not have to worry about doing my hair. I have developed a really simple skin care routine but i have no hair care routine. doing my yarn braids takes up to 8 hours. my arms hurt. its a lot of work and i feel like im stuck inside bc taking a break to walk to the dining hall everyone looks at my under construction head like im crazy. then.... today i washed my hair. stood in the shower rubbing and scrubbing my scalp and the middle parts of my sectioned hair. it took ages. then i had to spend a couple of hours combing and detangling. then i had to oil it and put it in twists and pull it back. it will take ages to dry and then i just have to hope its stretched enough. i desparatly do not know how anyone possibly washes their natural hair once a week. the shrinkage brings out the natural unmanipulated curl and is BEAUTIFUL but it also tangles it up to the point that it feels absolutely impossible to get the knots out. when i want to define my hair i look up videos and its always people doing braidouts and twistouts when all i want is to see them define the curl they already have. but then how to stop the shrinkage from tangling? it is utter and complete torture and it will only get more work as my hair grows even longer. i have no clue how anyone is able to grow long afro hair and i am in shock that my hair has grown so much. i am about to make some flaxseed hair gel and hopefully it will help me in someway. also going to wash my hair with aloe vera and try to wash and comb it once a week so maybe that will cut down on so much tangles from trapped shed hair.
juniper_fox,ayft6z,"I have 4C hair and being really honest, it was really difficult for me to learn to care for and maintain for a bit. I'm not good at hair, I can't braid to the scalp and it doesn't help that I'm lazy lol. I hadn't had a chance to care for my curls since I was maybe 6? So it was entirely new territory and lots of trial and error. That was in my junior year of high school that I started. I can truthfully say it feels like my hair has only just gotten ""easy"" to take care of on the past 2-3 years? It's time consuming, but at least I know what to do with it now. "
martina1234003,ayft6z,Agreed! Not every 4C hair is the same
mousemarie94,ayft6z,I also dont think my 4c hair is hard BUT BUT BUT BUT BUT it took a long time for me to learn that it isnt hard. 
originalsoul,ayft6z,"Patience is increasingly more difficult for many as we live in a very fast paced world with a lot of distractions. 4c hair is not necessarily difficult, it just takes more patience. That's all."
sqwzmahmeatybts,ayft6z,"I'm really glad that you learned to love your natural hair, and even influenced your mother to start doing the same!

The operative phrase is:  ""It isn't for me."" 

----That's a personal experience and anecdote, that is encouraging, but not indicative, you know what I mean?


Some people with 4C hair haven't seen their real texture in years, or ever before, some have parents/guardians who never learned to take care of 4C hair, there's transracial adoption, prevalence of European beauty standards, every head of 4c hair isn't the same, etc...

There are many reasons why a black girl would be having a hard time learning to manage their 4C hair...and it's really understandable if you look outside of your own experience."
gratefulkappa,ayeugc,I'm getting this off my chest... (positive)&&&[removed]
alyshajofficial,ay6ten,MY FIRST TWIST OUT | TYPE 4 NATURAL HAIR&&&[removed]
BloodOnTheTeaLeaves,ay0uyz,"Leave ins with herbal/ less sweet scents&&&Hi all!

I was wondering if anyone had suggestions for leave-in conditioners/ stylers without that Cake or strong coconut scent. A lot of the black-owned brands I've tried tend to go for the sickly- sweet cake batter scent, and it really bothers me...

Products I enjoy: mielle organics babassu DC (mint), camille rose ginger cleanse (herbal, my favorite scent in a hair product), mielle organics rosemary conditioner (herbal)

I'm using the camille rose naturals aloe butter gel rn and the scent isn't super strong, but still very sweet. I wish she had a conditioner that was also ginger-based but alas...

For reference, I have long type 4, high porosity, medium density hair. I can't use products w glycerin & prefer thicker creams, but it's not a dealbreaker. Thanks so much!&&&I want the twisting butter SO BAD but it has glycerin in it 😭😭😭&&&I used to make my own products more (i have a chunk of cocoa butter I've been meaning to melt down) but for conditioners & leave-ins I prefer store-bought! I'll have to check etsy though, thank you!!!&&&Ohhh you know, I keep forgetting to try that brand, next time I'm in store I'll have to check it out!"
FishScareMe,ay0uyz,"Sounds like you’re in America, so I’m not sure if this is an online or in store product, but Jessicurl’s whole range is fragrance free/low fragrance. It was one of the reasons I stopped using it haha! "
chocolatecakelumps,ay0uyz,"For off the shelf products, I can’t think of anything that doesn’t have that sweet like smell that’s a cream. When you said herbal I instantly thought of a tea rinse/leave in I’ve seen some use on Instagram @sharnaturals_nyc. 

But have you considered making your own butter from like mango butter or Shea butter? You can add ingredients in that will yield the results you want like oils or whatever. Also Etsy does have some stores who make homemade all natural herbal creams, leave ins, and even shampoos and conditioners. I know shipping and wait time might suck, but may be worth checking out to see if you can find products that have the ingredients you like that won’t smell like a cupcake! "
danysiggy,ay0uyz,"I just got the Melanin Haircare products and I am so incredibly in love. All natural products with no fillers and NO FRAGRANCE. They’re from Whitney, the pretty famous youtube natural hair celebrity. Search naptural85 and you’ll find her on YouTube. The products smell slightly minty, from the peppermint in the ingredient list. "
hambuddy,ay0uyz,"not a leave in, but uncle funky’s daughter curly magic has a light natural scent, so the leave in of that line (good hair) might have the same smell"
montilyetsss,ay0uyz,I second Etsy. There’s some good gems available on there. 
Ntwallace,axvtuy,How long does it take to restore hair elasticity?&&&
MelisCurls,axshk4,I would say have patience. It takes time. Deep condition every week and protein treatments as well. I would need a little more information. How long ago did you stop wetting your hair everyday. How long have you been dealing with this problem? My curls took two years to finally start flourishing after bad heat damage. Just be consistent with your treatments and have patience it does not happen overnight.
Ntwallace,axshk4,"How to restore hair elasticity?&&&I recently did the aphogee two step pro tein treatment with the moisturizer it came with, my hair isn't frizzy or stiff(type 4 hair) it's also very soft as well & seems moisturized but my curls mainly around the perimeter of my hair end up staying stretched out after putting it in a ponytail or bun. My hair also takes long to dry because its thick & I had a habit of wetting my hair almost daily to detangle or style it. I dont know what to do &&&Just recently especially when I stopped working in October. I still did it after just not as much. "
BigBlackGothBitch,axs45b,It’ll always shrink and you’ll have to do it again but think of it this way: shrinkage is the sign of healthy hair.
Urikalynn_,axs45b,I get major shrinkage after a wash in go. I just started doing the banding method and let me tell you worth giving it a shot! It’s amazing and my hair is thriving 
a_dropped_staple,axs45b,"Will washing make my hair shrink&&&I just got a twist out and I'm loving how long my hair looks but I'm scared it'll shrink as soon as I was it. Will it shrink  or am I scared for nothing?


(Edit)  yall were right. It shrunk into the  tiny fro it was once before. I was thinking about two strand twisting my own hair but I don't know if I have the patience for that. "
heihey123,axs45b,"Yes, it will. If you want your hair to be stretched, you will have to manually stretch it again. "
ladyAnder,axs45b,Yes your hair will shrink back when you wash it. There is absolutely no way around it. You will have to re-twist you hair out every time. But I think it's worth it. 
montilyetsss,axs45b,It’s gonna shrink. 
AdamantiumFoil,axrqm9,"I never had dandruff until I started using sulfate-free shampoos and cowashes. Switched back to normal shampoo and boom, no more flakes. YMMV though! I hope you can find a product that works for you.

But to help with your 'getting to your scalp' issue, get a color applicator bottle, put an ounce or so of shampoo in, and fill it half-full with warm water. Shake, and apply directly to scalp with the nozzle. I usually wash my hair before I get into the shower to save water. I also like to use a rubber scalp scrubber when I have a lot of buildup."
BoxedBoobs,axrqm9,"I do the acv rinse between my shampoo and condition because I like to leave the shower with my hair feeling soft, but it has also worked wonders on dandruff! "
Streetmamamona,axrqm9,"Yes, this recently saved me. I had a super dry flakey scalp and did one diluted account wash and poof! All better. I love natural cures"
gianya,axrqm9,"Dandruff help!&&&Hey guys, I’m trying to find a dandruff solution that’s sulfate free and natural/curly hair safe.  I have lots of thick, long curly hair, and getting to my scalp is no easy feat.  Any suggestions? "
kattymelon,axrqm9,To get rid of dandruff it’s best to use a shampoo that has sulphates. Sulphate free shampoos do not remove dandruff.
lavasca,axrqm9,Chelating Shampoo 
metalchopsticks,axrqm9,"I have issues with dandruff too but apple cider vinegar rinses after conditioning have definitely helped! Make sure you use a raw unfiltered apple cider vinegar (it'll be cloudy and have sediment in it called ""mother"") in a 1:3 ratio with water. Try not to get the ""mother"" in your mixture (it's annoying to get it out of thick hair). After shampooing and conditioning, do the ACV rinse and let it sit on your scalp for about 5 mins. It really stings your eyes so be careful. Then rinse it out thoroughly with water. Once your hair dries you won't smell the vinegar, I promise!"
ninjatreehugger,axrqm9,"If you want something that's super efficient against caky dandruff. Trader joes tea tree tingle shampoo and conditioner is amazing. Not a flake since I've been using it. Before I'd tried every dandruff shampoo none really worked. This set actually works and I dont even have to use with every wash. Sometimes I switch up using my go-to cowash for the winter months when my hair is extra dry and I still see no flakes weeks later. Plus the tea tree conditioner works as a great cowash too, excellent slippage and my hair is tight coily 4a. I discovered it from a hair blogger curlynikki when I did my big chop years ago. But I recently discovered naptural85 uses it too. I hope this is helpful and hope you try it, it's wonderfully inexpensive.

Edit: it also allows you to cut out the extra step of an acv rinse where you can just use this as your shampoo and conditioner. Again you don't have to use it for every single wash and condition, you can still use your faves and use it maybe once a month. I've tried the ACV rinse not for my dandruff but only for moisture retainment and it's okay, it's an annoying extra process which makes a long washday even longer."
Paradyme80,axleaq,Definitely. Making sure you keep it moist and a scarf at night is the key and never sponge it when its dry. Those sponges cause alot of breakage. 
brokeboyblues,axleaq,"Is this a protective style?&&&If I were to twist my hair using a sponge into mini coils, would that act as a protective hairstyle in this winter weather? Any response would be great!&&&Shoooot. How do u go about ur hair in this weather cuz it’s messing my scalp and hair up :(&&&I usually just wear my wool hat &&&I see 🤔&&&Than m u soooo much!!! I’m. Starting to get a better idea of what to do with my hair. Thank u"
canariearie,axleaq,I would say no. Your hair would still be completely exposed to the cold air which could dry out your coils. 
sqwzmahmeatybts,axleaq,"If you sponge it into coils and then leave those coils in for a while, I would actually classify that as a form of protective style, since you wouldn't be manipulating your hair for a while."
yourbestbudz,axleaq,I agree that it’s probably not protective. You need something that will cover your hair or you don’t have to manipulate your hair a lot. 
hey_effie_hey,axejs7,It's not at all! What really matter is how your hair absorbs moisture and things like that. 
hon3yg1rl,axejs7,Hair typing charts are wholly inconsistent and honestly “hair type” doesn’t matter at all when it comes to hair care. Porosity is more important. 
lavasca,axejs7,"There was an awesome quiz thing someone posted recently. It was really eye opening.


Please be advised - judge your hair when is fully moisturized instead of dry.  You could get vastly different results."
wagnerlight,axejs7,"Quick question for hair types&&&Might be a kinda novice thing to ask, but where do you guys get your hair types from ? Is there a directory to tell you everything about your hair? Like 4a and such"
whiskey155,axejs7,Stylists I’ve gone to say it’s not really important 
Zion99,ax6i6n,"Grease, grease, grease, GREASE! oh how it has helped my hair retain moisture & become more soft. I love it!"
gaia7homas,ax6i6n,"What kind of ""grease""?"
