index,id,comments
dablkscorpio,bl277s,"Cornrows on square face&&&So it took me long enough but I'm finally realizing that I gotta put more than the minimum effort into maintaining my hair. I've decided cornrows are a good look when it comes to handling the summer humidity. I've seen curved sections done before and that looks cute. But I'm realizing I have a square face so would that really work? If not, what would? Any other styling tips are appreciated as well.&&&Taraji P Henson defintely has a round face. But I'll look into the other guy."
sqwzmahmeatybts,bl277s,"Taraji P Henson is a great example of a square face with cornrows. She looks amazing with straight and curved parts.

The male equivalent, imo, would be Xhibit, who has worn braids most of his career, and they really do fit him perfectly. 

Not sure which example is more relevant for you, but those are my best ideas."
LizMua77,bl1o6n,"I have high porosity hair so it's always a frizz ball.  When I was at that awkward hair length, I would twist the front and keep it in a low loose puff."
PoetryRaven,bl1o6n,I honestly really feel this. I swear there is no help out here for us short naturals. Lol. Protective styling it is ig.
cocolanoire,bl1o6n,High five from a fellow big forehead owner. The hair on the back always looks longer than the one in the front
sqwzmahmeatybts,bl1o6n,"Giant head, mile high 4head here, and yes, I've *just* gotten my hair to graze my shoulders after a decade. I feel like a tiny apple head would have cut my time in half, lol. 

I don't fool with my length unless I'm inbetween protective styles though, so it doesn't bother me too bad."
tabby29,bl1o6n,"When my hair wasn’t long enough to put into a bun just yet, I did a LOT of French braids and twists just to style it! I know how you feel, every natural hair youtuber says that buns are the key to protective stying but there aren’t many options if your hair is too short 😓"
zawati_,bl1o6n,"Hair Length&&&I have low porosity 4c hair and hated leaving my hair out because it always looked... awkward. It's at that length where I can't put it in a bun and can't fully leave it out because it just looks weird with my round face. I hated it and thought my hair was never growing. I now realize that my hair IS growing, but because I have a huge forehead, the length always looks shorter because of the extra distance from my hair line to my eyes. LMFAO, I just wanted to share that.&&&There's barely any youtubers at that really short length to find actual inspiration from tbh, but we'll get there sis!&&&We'll get through this together.&&&I feel the exact same way. But I'm proud of your journey!"
spny22,bkzlcg,Cut Your Hair and Rock ‘n’ Roll&&&
CoffeeB4Talkie,bkucgh,I have had best results with the Mane Choice products. I also don't do protein/strenghtening treatments. They make my hair hard and then it breaks off. Same with coconut oil.
GiantMeteor2017,bkucgh,"I’m a 4c and used to have a similar problem with my hair feeling crunchy somehow even when wet. 

As I Am Naturally’s intensive conditioner changed that in a snap! Also, Shea Moisture’s JBCO leave-in, and light oil.

Make sure to trim the ends, that will also help with the feeling of dryness and improving overall hair health. Good luck!"
JDnice804,bkucgh,"I’m low porosity 4a/4b. I was having issues retaining moisture for about 2 years. My hair was always so dry looking! Honestly, my hair improved and actually even started to have a shine when I started using better products. 

I started using Mielle Organics Honey pomegranate line for shampoo, leave in, and curl sculpting. As my deep conditioner, I used TGIN’s Honey Miracle Mask every time for now on. I always seal my twist with a heavy castor oil and have seen a huge improvement. 

I highly recommend picking up the TGIN mask. It makes my hair feel like better and it’s the best product I’ve ever used to detangle."
SanityorPerfection,bkucgh,"I don’t know what to do!&&&I can’t find the right shampoo and conditioner for my hair, hair still feels dry after washing and conditioning it. Also my hair isn’t growing! I’m not sure what I’m doing wrong. I wash my hair every week or every two week and I keep it twisted so it doesn’t get tangled. I don’t brush or comb too hard.&&&Thank you! I’ll try this out&&&Yes I put a piece of my hair in a cup of water and let it sit and it didn’t sink it was still floating on top. Also yes I deep condition my hair every time I wash it. It either feel really dry or too soft."
xmermaid165,bkucgh,Did you do a porosity check? Do you deep condition?
Pizzasuccubus,bkqahh,"With you having 4c hair, you’re going to need a lotta gel to get those curls to stay. take time to apply the gel to your individual strands. The process is going to take a lotta time especially if you have thick hair. ‘Wash and gos’ are really like wash, deep condition then apply gel and products for an hr or more. You may want to try braid outs or twists outs because of how tight the curl pattern is for 4c. You have to realistic with your expectations for 4c hair, gel isn’t going to turn your hair into 4a or 3c hair, it will only highlight your natural hair pattern btw. I would also suggest a diffuser to combat shrinkage. If you get your roots dry your hair wont shrink up as much."
Spy_cut_eye,bkqahh,"Have you tried really raking it through in small sections (aka shingling)? This is what I do with my 4c hair and it works. I make sure my hair is wet, put a leave in, and use Eco Styler or Kinky Curly or   (Eco Styler works best for me for long term hold - like for 5+ days worth).  I hope that helps."
bbrae_alldayerrday,bkqahh,You can also go through all the steps for a wash n go then do the banding method down the length of your hair which should force it to dry stretched.
deka413,bkqahh,"If you have a naturally tight curl pattern, it's the weight from the moisture that's loosening your curl. Once that water dries, it won't matter what you've put in your hair. Try braid outs, twist outs, etc. to give you that ""wash & go"" look. Other than that, just embrace the 'fro, fam."
efdPhD,bkqahh,"There are a series of products (shampoo, leave in, gel and spray)by Curl Definition that really maintain 4 c curls.  I love the look but the process is too tedious for me to keep it up all the time.  Look it up on YouTube."
ethnicearring,bkqahh,I feel the same way as you.  My only cute wash n go was when I went to get a devacut and she did it for me.... lol.  Guess my hands aren't as graceful as hers.
photographer1111,bkqahh,"My curls never stay when dried HELP!!&&&So basically  I’ve been trying to get my hair to get curls for a while now (my hair is 4c btw). I when my hair is wet and has conditioner in it, it becomes a much looser curl (not at the roots) and I’ve been trying to achieve this look for forever but once my hair drys it quickly turns into a fro again. I’ve tried all kinds of conditioners oils, gels, and even tried blow drying my hair as well as hair spray but nothing makes it stay. I was wondering if anybody knew of a way for me to get my curls to stay. I can provide photos of my hair dry and wet if needed thanks!"
queenstostyle,bkn7nm,[/u/queenstostyle] Different Hair Types And Movement&&&
-Ha-zy,bkmisf,LIVING FOR IT 🔥♥️
Eniac___,bkmisf,from this angle it looks good
Kdolla679,bkmisf,Anyone tell you that you look like the comedian Godfrey
MisSinterpreter123,bkmisf,👏🏾👏🏾👏🏾👏🏾 Looks healthy.
PoetryRaven,bkmisf,Looks good but we need a better angle 👀
Sade1994,bkmisf,Came looking for this comment. A curl sponge would make your hair pop!
bdd4,bkmisf,I suggest you let us see the back lol
coconutmillk,bkmisf,can’t see the hair very well from this angle
macismycrack,bkmisf,Ikr! But cuter imo 😉
suckcess1,bkmisf,Damn you're a snack😋
t_fareal,bkmisf,Need more angles but at that length curl sponges are always a good look.
teeheehaahaa,bkmisf,"Always had an afro my entire life (18M), trying out new styles. How does this look and any suggestions?&&&"
PoetryRaven,bkmirf,"Yarn braids&&&I've been looking for interesting styles to try and i came across yarn braids. They look pretty cool and inexpensive as oppose to buying braiding hair. I've never actually seen this style in person before (maybe i wasnt looking hard enough). So for whoever has worn these before or anyone who can give me insight, i would appreciate it. 

Is it harder than doing your own box braids or passion twists?(ive done these hairstlyes my self before)

Are they more gentle on the scalp or better for protective styling?

Would i have to worry about it matting up?

Are they really stiff (like ive seen in videos)

Is there anything I'd need to know before getting them?

Do they last longer than box braids?

Why doesnt anyone do them anymore?

Any and all info is welcomed .

Thanks for the advice&&&I was worried about that too. I talked to some other people that have tried it before and the suggest the opposite. In fact, one woman said yarn may be better because you can soak it in oil before braiding it into your hair. Well we will see.&&&Same, I have passion twists in rn. In terms of longevity and moisture retention, do you prefer yarn braids over box braids or twists, or do you hold each equally?&&&Did your hair take a long time to dry with the red heart yarn too? If you washed your hair in yarn braids that is. And what method did you use to attach them?"
VaughnVapor,bkmirf,"The one thing I’ve heard is that it is really drying to your real hair (which is why I haven’t tried it). Maybe there is a particular type of yarn that would cause less friction, or be less absorbing of moisture, but I haven’t done that research."
lolokiguess,bkmirf,"it also really depends on the brand of yarn. the red heart's acrylic yarn isnt stiff, has alot of movement and keeps my hair extra moisturized. but brazilian yarn is stiffer. i didnt have to soak the red heart acrylic yarn."
sqwzmahmeatybts,bkmirf,"I still do them from time to time, especially in the colder months.

My hair has NEVER matted in them, but I don't keep them in longer than 6 weeks.

For me, they turn out neater than regular box braids, because it's easier to measure out the strands exactly the same, every time.

They are stiffer than regular braids, but not uncomfortable, or unnaturally so, ime.

Before getting them, I would over moisturize my hair, and be really careful about braiding too tightly. Yarn is ""clingy""


I just finished a set of passion twists, and I can say unequivocally, yarn braids are easier. Although, prepping the yarn takes way more time than passion twists prep.

HTH!"
PoetryRaven,bkgaxx,Yarn braids?&&&[removed]
PinkPurse12,bkekzi,Whats the difference between a hot oil treatment and a deep condition?&&&[removed]
SugarPie89,bk66rd,"What kind of styler should I use for a roller set?&&&Ive decided to learn how to style my hair and want to do a roller set this weekend or so. I don't really have a lot of hair products available to me but I have a leave in and Argan oil. I think my sisters have some hair mousse and gel and maybe a coconut cream (my sister doesnt want me using it tho shh! XD) I was wondering what styling product works best for a roller set? Also if I use my hair dryer to dry my hair, should I use the diffuser or concentrator nozzle?"
SpecialistReaction,bk4huq,My big chop 😬😭 missing my hair already even though I’ve had it braided since about September of last year. I’ll get over it soon! Any tips on how to promote hair growth?! My hair still has some relaxer in it and is currently in braids but I’m planning on going natural!&&&
ForklkftJones,bk3g2c,"If you join cvs, you'll get 40% coupons. That's the only way I buy expensive hair products. I paid $6 for it."
juiceiscold,bk3g2c,"Yes love it, I was looking for an alternative, this might be it"
moonchild2998,bk3g2c,"Mielle rosemary mint oil substitute&&&So I recently caught onto this mielle rosemary and mint oil. It’s really nice and I like it a lot but it’s like ten bucks a bottle. And the bottle isn’t very big. Ya girl is cheap, cheap, cheap. 

So I took some peppermint essential oil and mixed it with Jamaican black castor oil. Honestly it works so much better. My hair stays moisturized and soft for like four days and my head smells like a chocolate peppermint patty, 10/10 recommend.&&&Definitely try it! I’ve been using this for like two weeks now and breakage has pretty much stopped for me"
Pizzasuccubus,bk1lvv,"I would look into natural hair on youtube for styling tutorials and learning more about your natural hair! There is a plethora of information on there. More than you’ll ever need!&&&My only must have products: 

leave in conditioning jojoba oil spray by silk elements

long and luxe curl enhancing smoothie by as i am (which i use for my twists) 

I haven’t found a staple shampoo and conditioner yet, but i did like shea moistures coconut and hibiscus, but I’m still looking for better. I think it is a very good natural hair starter shampoo and conditioner."
jlege_94,bk1lvv,"Someone help a girl out.&&&I decided to quick the creamy crack two years ago and try the natural thing. I went about 7 months before my heart got unmanageable for me so I did the big chop. Now my hair is growing back I have about 4 inches of length when its stretched out. I love my hair now but the problem is I dont know how to take care of it. I've always had it relaxed growing up and when it wasnt I was pretty much bald. My sister both have beautiful hair but I'm too embarrassed to ask them. 

What were some of your must have products in this stage? 
Best place for styling tutorials? 
Or should I just braid it and let it grow some more? 

Please help I'm so lost and I'm worried it will get unmanageable and I'll just shave it off or cave and relax it."
noneofyafriendsbiz,bk1lvv,"Shea moisture is really good. So is OGX and crème of nature. 

Mostly you’ll have to experiment and see what your hair takes to. 

Doo Gro has always been a go to for me, too. 

As far as styling, just look up protective styles and braids tend to help."
