index,id,comments
YungFantasyBoi,eb8ej6,"Urgently looking for advice to help to improve hair/scalp health&&&My Hair Journey:  I've been getting my hair braided since around November 2018. Originally started off with box braids, then switched to corn rows. My hair seems to have gotten longer since then, but the health of my hair and scalp seems to have gotten worse over the course of a year.

I suspect part of the damage is from the an old salon I used to get my hair braided from. They'd wash and condition it, but they were very fast and rough. My hair would still be somewhat wet when they braided it and even when they were combing my hair out I suspect they were breaking some ends of my hair/pulling from the root. (January-April 2019)

Fast forward to this November. New Salon I go to usually shampoos/conditions for me and they're much more patient and gentle, but the braider actually suggested I should get some synthetic hair in the middle parts of my hair because she said she noticed it's shorter there.

My hair is long overall, about lip/chin length, but my braids are basically frizzy when freshly braided because there's so many broken hairs.

Some things to note:-Since about July/August; I've been getting my hair regularly braided ever 2-3 weeks.

\-I notice around a week after I braid my scalp gets itchy. I think I'm a big part to blame because I kind of rub my finger lightly across the parting of my braids, which unknowingly has broken a lot of hair.

\-I haven't thoroughly deep conditions/shampoo'd my hair in a long time. It's usually done in a quick fashion (3-5 minutes wash) at the salon, before they blow dry it.

\-My scalp gets really flaky/dandruffy and some roots of my hair are gunky. I try to keep my hair moisturized by using braid spray that's mostly water based. It's supposed to have anti-itch ingredients etc.

\-Hair type is 4C

&#x200B;

1. Should I hold off getting my hair braided for a few months and find a more open style so I  can regularly shampoo and condition my scalp to keep it healthy, while also giving my broken hair an opportunity to grow? I bought tea tree oil shampoo and conditioner in hopes that it could improve my hair length and fix the dandruff/flakiness.
2. If the answer is yes, what styles would look okay other than box braids/cornrows because my sides/back of my head is faded and the top of my hair is typically braided and tucked into a bun. Only thing I could think of is a ""Jarvis Landry/ Odell Beckham"" twist out type of style.

Sorry for the semi long post, but I'm very concerned and would rather not continue to neglect these issues."
telicia02,eb8ej6,I definitely think you should give your hair a break from braids since you've noticed breakage. Adding tea tree oil to your shampoo or conditioner should help w dandruff.
Dahliacid,eb5l82,YouTube “two strand twist”
cmore_money,eb5l82,"When I do cornrows with gel and Shea butter, my hair looks just like this and lasts. I always put perm rods on the end, too.

I have type 4 hair. I believe the gel is key"
t6yvion,eb5l82,"How do I get this hairstyle? I have thick 4C hair & low porosity with lots of shrinkage&&&&&&Thats what I usually do, but to achieve this length I typically have to blow dry. And by the time the week is over I’ve already sweated and worn out all the curls so it’s just a messy fro lol."
CultsAreTrash,eb2m22,"Where you are headed in the US? If it's a bigger metro area, there are several natural hair care salons that will consult with you, style you, make a hair care plan, & suggest products. There are also mobile stylists that will come to your hotel and do your hair. Don't give up yet! Or buy some cute wigs while you figure it all out. Good luck!"
dyam,eb2m22,"Don’t go back. Natural hair is not and will never be easy. But don’t let that discourage you. I’m guessing you just haven’t found the right products/styles/routine that works best for you hair.

Have you done any research on your personal hair type, curl pattern, and porosity level? If not, that is a great place to start. Using the wrong product/processes is usually one of the number one reasons natural hair doesn’t live up to its full potential.

Since you’re struggling with dryness, I’d suggest figuring out your porosity level. Porosity dictates how hair reacts to and retains water. 

Do you seal your hair after moisturizing? Do you do a pre-poo oil treatment before washing? How often do you wash? What kind of shampoo are you using? Are your products sulfate free? Do you using a satin bonnet or pillow case? Do you wear your hair out often? 

These, and many more, are all things to consider when dealing with dry/thin hair."
haireveryshare,eb2m22,"I was natural for 17 years before I really understood my hair.  I love it now.  

That said you could take a year off and start over if wanted.  If you’re willing to rock a relaxed pixie cut going natural twa from that wouldn’t take but a few months when you are ready to back. 

But getting a fresh cut and style with a top notch natural hair stylist back in the States is my vote."
kurly-bird,eb2m22,"Over it&&&I've been natural for nearly 8 years now, and am starting to consider going back to using a relaxer.  It's just SO. DRY!! It's also not very thick, so twist outs, braid outs, bantu knot outs, all of that just makes my hair look even thinner and super scalpy. I've tried everything I can think of, but I'm just starting to absolutely hate my hair for the first time ever. 

I live in Ireland, there are a few African salons in my town, but they only do weaves, wigs and braids and have given me a hard time about being natural.

I'm heading home to the states in a few weeks and am considering getting a relaxer and a pixie cut while I'm there.
Am I crazy to go back to the ""creamy crack?""&&&I haven't bothered with figuring out my porosity level, but I have done the other stuff and none of it makes a difference. I've bought the sulfate free, all natural, organic hair products. I've done the 2 day process of washing. I get the same results using tresemme 2-in-1 as shampoo, no pre poo, and I moisturize after wetting. I will admit to not taking care of it everyday, I'm very low maintenance. I guess I will do that until my trip and see if that makes a difference.&&&Wow! 17 years. Congratulations! Did you ever go through any really difficult stages in your journey where you just wanted to get rid of it all? I'm not sure if it's just the fact that we're having such a cold and dry winter this year, or if my hair is changing after having a baby 2 years ago, or if this is just my new normal. I'm at a loss and don't have the patience baby my hair.&&&Since being natural my hair isn't much thicker than when I would relax it. It's really quite thin and fine. But I'll probably skip a relaxer and just get a cut that will look good either curly or straight.&&&I'm from the San Francisco Bay area, plenty of great places to try. My mom has a stylist, and one of my sisters is amazing with hair and make up. I probably won't do a relaxer, just a short cut I can straighten if I want to."
phoebelunalove,eb2m22,"If you hair is not very thick a relaxer will make it even thinner at least in feeling, right? I have been natural just a little longer, 10 years but I will flat iron my hair every now and then. I keep things very simple. Most days I wash, condition, detangle, and part my hair in two sections with some old school hair grease/hair dressing and let it dry completely in two knots. I will wear the two knots for a day or two (my hair takes forever to dry) and then wear it down like that until I wash. If I use a product it is for a wash and go.  After all this time I know my hair does not care for clear gels at all (for instance) among other things and I know myself. Taking time to do several twist and knots is not for me either. I have always slept on a satin  or silk (better) pillowcase to keep cotton from sucking your hair dry but other than that, I keep it basic. If I need to hydrate a wash and go in the morning I mist with water and aloe. There are some ""washes"" where I will use conditioner only for washing if washing sooner than 4 days. I hope you are able to find a solution or someone has a suggestion for you before you head back to the relaxer. It is not easy being natural when everyone around you is not."
Lilacbuttercream,eb1n52,Drop that skin care routine sissssss
jayduhx,eb1n52,Good hair day 💙&&&&&& drunk elephant glycerin jelly face wash and the polypeptides  moisturizer. U drink hella green tea & water. I also avoid fckboys! 😂😘💙&&&Thnk u so much! 💙&&&Thank u 💙💙
phoebelunalove,eb1n52,A+ on the photo!
rsedour,eb1n52,"Hi, just wanted to say that you are absolutely stunningly beautiful."
dyam,eb0hqi,"I’m sure there are plenty, but to be honest this is a bit vague. Do you mean an in person class? Because the answers would very greatly depending on the location. If you mean online classes, then there are an awful lot of natural hair tutorials out there already. 

I do however, think it would be pretty cool to see a channel dedicated to a dad doing his daughter’s hair.  Only problem I can foresee you running into is, you viewers would probably be comprised of mostly women, not your actual target audience, which is dads.

I hope this doesn’t sound discouraging, I’m just being realistic, but by all means, you should go for it if it’s something you want to do!"
shelb_bell,eb0hqi,Struggling to do your daughters hair?&&&Wondering if there’s enough men out there lost trying to do their daughters hair that I could make a class that could help? Thoughts?&&&Thank you!!
Sophs_B,eb04ml,"I don't have kids, and I'm not a man (and I'm probably not in your area), but I think it's a great idea."
shelb_bell,eb04ml,Your kids hair&&&Wondering if there’s enough men out there lost trying to do their daughters hair that I could make a class that could help? Thoughts?&&&Thanks girl!❤️❤️
quality-bun,eaydht,I tried a twist out + roller set for the first time in forever ! Any tips about definition would be nice I think it turned out decent !&&&[removed]
Disturbia8081,eatbij,Beautiful
Telatsu,eatbij,We have the exact same hair and wow. Amazing isn't it.
calexrose78,eatbij,Beautiful hair!
tc88,eatbij,Shrinkage&&&
DegreeDubs,eaqk9c,"Looking bright and beautiful! Cap looks secured in place, too!"
haute-e,eaqk9c,Graduated cum laude with a BBA in Accounting today!&&&&&&Thank you! I was about to wear a wig and last minute decided to wear my fro and my dad told me that I looked gorgeous. Definitely going to start wearing it out more!&&&Did the “plastic headband taped to the cap” trick 😂
killac12,eaqk9c,Congrats  👏🏾👏🏾👏🏾
my_okay_throwaway,eaqk9c,"Congratulations!! 🎊🎉🍾 You look absolutely stunning and, best of all, supremely happy! Way to go!"
CultsAreTrash,eapd46,"I had locs for 7 years, freeform. Started growing them at 19 after WHITE ppl at work (hippies with locs) told me my hair looked great natural and curly. I was running late for work one day and didn't have time to hot comb it. lol. This was Texas in the mid-2000s so ""the movement"" hadn't really hit the suburbs where I lived yet. They showed me how to dread my hair and seal it with beeswax. My little brother had locs then too so I knew what my hair would look like. It was the best decision I ever made and my hair was the healthiest it had ever been. I would dye my locs and work on them myself and I could just get up and go out! I cut them one summer because it was so hot and I wanted a change and a chance to figure out how to care for my hair. Good luck! And don't worry what people have to say it's your hair and your body. (That said, I never had a problem dating or getting a job with them but I also live in N.Y. so it's more common). Be prepared to Matrix-lean back when people try to touch them though 🙅🏾‍♀️"
greenhouse4,eapd46,"What’s your experience been with freeform locs been like?&&&Responses from family, friends, within the workplace, dating, white people (etc)

Has it affected how you see your hair or simply thought about the big chop?"
Bananassucks,eaovoe,"You have no idea how much this helped me! Thank you, you're saving a girl's hair!"
DamaDeGatos,eaovoe,"my natural hair routine: ""simple guide""&&&Earlier this year, my co-worker asked me a lot of questions about how to care for her newly natural hair. Instead of continuing to send piece meal emails with a neverending number of YouTube videos, I decided to create this (relatively) concise spreadsheet. This is definitely not a directive for folks, but I think a good resource for people who are just getting started. I wish I had one comprehensive doc when I started five years ago. If it matters, my hair type is 4c. I hope this is helpful for someone.

Edit: spelling
Edit 2: Buy the brands that work for your hair AND your budget! A lot of stores let you return products that you don't like, so I encourage you to experiment.

https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1gk4cs_c3dVWyU3GGrk3WxOs64C-gh5139bda82axSMA/edit?usp=sharing"
NoireN,eaovoe,"This is great! I've been natural for a while now, but am always needing help. And my sister could definitely use this!"
SnazzyP,eaovoe,This is great! I'm going to share this with my mother; her eyes glaze over if I try to describe everything in a single setting lol.
Sophs_B,eaovoe,"This is a really great doc. It would help someone starting out be a lot more confident.

You're a good friend :)"
xRA05,eaovoe,"This helped alot, really appreciate you work!"
danicolela,eanrit,"I use the lco method. I use water as my liquid, ORS olive oil leave in conditioner as my cream, and Shea butter Jamaican black castor oil as my oil. I have really thick and dry hair so this method has been working for me. 

For creams, just keep trying different leave in conditioners to see what your hair likes and doesn’t like. For oils, make sure you are using sealing oils like castor oil, jojoba oil, or grapeseed oil."
iridescentleandra,eanrit,"I don't think it actually matters because the products you use can affect how they layer. Plus where you live plays a role too because dryness or humidity might mean avoiding or using certain products. also you have to factor in whether you have fine hair or thick hair.

I have the same hair type and use the same conditioner. I use a homemade spray as my liquid and the conditioner as my cream. then I use jojoba oil or shea butter or a mix. I don't notice a difference if I put the oil (jojoba) before the leave in conditioner."
xRA05,eanrit,"Can anyone help me with LOC/LCO method for 4C hair with high porosity?&&&Hello, I've been looking on how to keep my hair moisturized, and I saw the LOC/LCO method. So far, I've found a good leave in conditioner- Shea Moisture JBCO one. Anyone know if it's any good? Well now I need help on what oil to use for my hair type. For the cream, I have no idea what it is and what to use. Does anyone mind to help me?
Thanks:)

Edit: Anyone with my hair type: Which one was more effective, LOC or LCO?&&&Nice, how often do you do this and do you do it the night before or in the morning?&&&Ok, do you know your porosity?"
AyrieSain,eaimvk,Any advice on how to care for and style low porosity hair? Would love to know of any good brands too!&&&I live in Australia if that helps in terms of what products are available to me ☺️
