index,id,comments
BlackGirlKnickers,ai5r37,It just sucks that we even have to decide to flat iron our hair to look presentable at an interview.
lazycupcakee,ai5r37,"Flat iron attempt gone wrong...&&&I've been natural for about 2 and a half years and I've never flat ironed my hair. At most, I'd blow dry it, then get overwhelmed then hop back into the shower to revert the curls. I also kinda need to flat iron my hair for some internship interviews in the future and to know how to do it.

So today, I'd decided to flat iron my hair with the three day weekend. The results were not what I expected. I blow dried with the Revlon One Step Hair Dryer Brush, then the Remington Flat Iron at 390 degrees. When I started to blow dry, it was stiff and I thought it was going to be fine.

Instead, my hair looks like I barely flat ironed it and stiff, but it's shiny and soft, though. My ends were knotted, especially my 4b hair, and I detangle with my hands, but used my wide tooth comb today. (I also haven't trimmed them in about a year..~~.with my....fabric shears and it is far from even)~~ I passed the flat iron at most 2 times.

I have low porose, very thick 4a-4b hair and a possible patch of 3c.

I started washing my hair last night with my usual routine:

Pre-pooing: Garnier Whole Blends Hydrating Conditioner (30 minutes)

Shampoo: Love Beauty and Planet Shea Butter Shampoo

Conditioner: Maui Moisture Curl Quench + Coconut Oil Conditioner (30 minutes under a hooded dryer)

Deep Conditioner: Renpure Coconut Creme Deep Conditioner (30 minutes under hooded dryer + overnight under a shower cap)

Leave in: Renpure Coconut In Leave-In Conditioner

Oil: Maui Moisture Weightless Oil Mist

Heating Protectant: Tresseme Heat Protection + Shea Moisture Jamaican Black Castor Oil Serum

&#x200B;

I'm thinking that my products were too heavy, but I need moisture for my hair. Can someone please help?&&&I know! I honestly love my natural hair. It took a long time but I adore it. It's so annoying. &&&Thank you!"
rosemarygirl2456,ai5r37,"I personally don’t know if there is a “safe” way to straighten your hair but I would recommend having higher heat assuming you are at below 400 degrees and I only use heat protectant, a leave-in and this chi silk product...I forget the name.  Heavy products are not your friend unfortunately and for me one pass with the iron is a dream and my hair is 3c/4a.  

Also trimming your ends is game changing!"
Auspiciou,ai27qc,"Wait, pikininny is racist? My mum would call me that as a term of endearment "
BeautifulGorgeous97,ai27qc,"Even though I've been natural my whole life, my mom has this same mentality. When I was younger she had a perm but I was never allowed to have one;yet I still had to wear braids and weaves to cover up my real hair. When I first started wearing it out she would say that my hair was nappy and that I needed it done. A couple weeks ago I straightened my hair for the new year just because she pressured me to. She said: ""Give your hair a break. You can't go into the new year with your hair like that"" so I got a dominican blowout. She also got one (She went natural 5 years ago) but it reverted after a couple days. She could never keep styles in her hair for more than a week but at the same time pressures me to keep them. 2 days ago I washed my hair for the first time since the blowout and my mom went off on me. ""Great, now you're going to keep putting chemicals in your hair."" ""Chemicals"" is what she calls my natural hair products. "
ChrysMYO,ai27qc,"I had an ex that went natural. From her boomer parents she got trepidation about job prospects. Etc. The fact is they were from a different context with different rules. 


It's hard to lose that context. For example, growing up in this era, I dont care how great things get with cops 40 years from now, I will keep to myself the rest of my life. 


Likewise, the older generation was taught to avoid standing out. Avoid accentuating blackness for fear of appearing threatening. They were taught to hate their curls just like girls are taught to hate their bodies now. 


The natural movement is still a trend. It's a trend based on education and awareness but a trend none the less. It will take time for older generations to get used to the new paradigm. 


On the flipside, my gf recently got her hair twisted for dreads. I nearly cried because her 4 yr old daughter said she wanted hair like mommy. My girl asked why I cried. And I said, that's what we do all this for. For that. For that innate love. She never was taught it's wrong to love your hair. That's one less issue she'll have later. So progress is being made. And know that your choices now, influence the generation after you."
Sharbubbles972,ai27qc,"Same here. When I came home with my hair curly they called me ""wooly bully"". My dad would pat my head and ask what did I do to my hair. They would ask me if I had a comb or brush. When I would straighten my hair (very seldom), my mom would always compliment me and tell me the she loves how my hair blows in the wind... how I look so pretty with it straightened. The longer I wore my hair curly and natural, the more they got used to it and stopped making those stupid comments. Think they got used to seeing me and grew to like it over time. However, i know their preference is with it straightened
 On the flip side, literally every guy I've dated has said they like/prefer my hair curly (black, white, latino) Who cares wtf anybody says. It only matters what you like! It's easy to base your confidence on others' expectations. But wear your hair whatever way you like with confidence girl! "
Tesspa3,ai27qc,My mom secretly hates my natural hair&&&Whenever my hair is in a braid out or wash and go she'll say things like you need to take care of your hair and that I'm always coming around looking homely. Yesterday I had flat ironed my hair because I needed to do a trim and today she says I look better like that(straight) and that I need to start doing my hair more. She always had something to say about my hair when I come around. Even when my hair is in a protective style she will convince me to go with her and my sister to get their hair straightened and I'll always say no and she'll get offended.&&&Right. They are something else&&&Right. I've tried to convince myself not to keep going to her house and I succeed at doing it sometimes but then I get so lonely then I end up going.&&&Thanks. 
_CoachMcGuirk,ai27qc,If you've expressed that you don't like these comments and asked her to stop making them it sounds like a good reason to stop going around. At this point in my life I don't have any time for people who don't respect me. 
annc4057,ai27qc,"I kinda know how you feel. I never got the impression that my mom hated my hair, but because she has a relaxer and always wore her hair straight she forced that on me. All through middle and high school she would make me get my hair pressed out even when I wanted to wear natural styles. Because of that I didn't start wearing my hair natural until end of hs/college. "
bennodabear,ai27qc,"I'm 18 and have been natural for over a year. (Transitioned 11 months). I have 4a hair. I wear my hair out in braid outs and wash n go's too and my dad always has back handed comments about it. I'm trying to get a job at a grocery store and he told me I should ""wear my hair like white women on the news like the other black women do"" to look better to my future employer. Needless to say this offended me. He, in so many words, said my natural hair is unprofessional and isn't appealing. There have been other things but this is the most recent. 

I say that to say that depending on whatever generation your mom grew up in, for whatever reason, older folks have negative notions about natural hair. A lot of black ppl refuse to accept the natural movement unless it's with loose hair textures of course. I don't wanna go on a tangent here but I understand your situation.

 Keep your head up and wear your natural hair for YOU. Don't change for ANYBODY. "
starbaeatlantis,ai27qc,"My mom was a little upset when me and my sister cut our hair off and went natural. Our was long. She would also make similar comments and snide remarks. She even called me pickinniny. A term I didn't know was racial until my sister told me. After it started growing out more she started to like it little by little. Eventually she and my aunt also went natural. It's just going to take time. Black mothers are definitely something else when it comes to hair. It may be due to the era they grew up in. Unfortunately, it may take some time. She probably secretly likes your hair, she just may not be used to it yet."
unwaveringwish,ai27qc,"They grew up in an environment that taught natural hair isn’t acceptable, so in a way they’re a product of their environment. Try not to let it get you down and take care of it the way you want

Maybe sit her down and let her know that it’s affecting you negatively and that the hair you _inherited_ is good enough"
bigolqs,ai000v,"Step 0 for 4c hair care&&&I've recently decided to try and grow my hair out. Since I was a kid, I never grew my hair out beyond like 2-3 inches pulled out, when it came to products I never really put in any thought beyond what's the cheapest shampoo I can get. 

Are there any resources that assume like no prior knowledge of hair care or any approached that I can take?"
iamnotaburden,ai000v,"I went natural in 2011 when I was a junior in high school (about 7 years ago), so I had a lot of learning to do! 

I agree with jaymich17, learning a new type of hair is trial and error! I can tell you that it took me a while to find the products that worked for me. Even now I am still switching out shampoos and deep conditioners. 

Water is your friend, and a cheap conditioner works for me for detangling. I usually detangle in the shower with  a lot of conditioner. Get a satin scarf or satin pillowcase. Leaving my hair alone had grown my hair more than any other technique. 

Find Youtubers with similar hair textures as you. My favorites are Nappyfu TV, Naturally High, and It's Kamazing. Another channel called Green Beauty kind of breaks down the science of natural hair. She's really informative! 

Also, one thing I wish I realized earlier is that you may be able to return products. If didn't work for you after a few tries, get your money back! I knew most beauty supply stores have a no return policy, but most big name places like Walmart or Amazon will let you return. Saves you loads of money! 

&#x200B;

I hope this helps!"
jaymich17,ai000v,"Look up the LOC method for moisturizing hair. Shampoo and deep condition once a week. Sleep with a bonnet or satin scarf. If you have tangles, try finger detailing or use a wide tooth comb. Don’t detangle on dry hair!

Don’t feel like you have to spend all your money on products. Find a few that work and stick with them (I like Talia Waajid and Mielle products but know many naturals who use Shea Moisture, Cantu and other brands).

A lot of being newly natural is a trial and error process. Watching YouTube tutorials from naturals with 4c hair was how I started to learn taking care of my own hair. But what works for one person won’t always work for another.

Good luck! &&&CVS pharmacy also lets you return beauty products. They often have sales on natural hair brands as well."
jendie,ai000v,"Besides what was already suggested, good nutrition and vitamins are also important. I've noticed a major difference when I keep up with taking a daily multivitamin. But iron, B complex, and omega 3s have been the most helpful in reducing breakage and encouraging growth.

&#x200B;

Good luck!"
ChocolateGlamazon27,ahz8vj,"I use IC Fantasia Heat Protectant without blow drying - it softens 4c hair very quick, no curl pattern changes. "
iamnotaburden,ahz8vj,"Water and a cream. My go-to is the Shea Butter Leave-In Conditioning Repair Cream. Both combined give me super soft hair.

&#x200B;

If I want to detangle, I use water and a conditioner. Usually a pretty cheap one like VO5 or the Trader Joes conditioners. "
tranquiltb,ahz8vj,Thick and/or Coarse Hair.&&&Those that have thick and coarse hair (or type 4). What do you use that makes your hair feel soft or easier to manage? &&&What about after a blow out and you don’t want your hair to revert? 
Kilokai13,ahtv1b,"I took out my box braids after 4 weeks, I was tired of them & tried all the cute styles. It was a push to even get to 4 weeks, had to justify my $ to myself."
PigmentedLady,ahtv1b,"I avoided showers and took baths bc of this lol, I refused! "
Restlessme,ahtv1b,"I got faux locs for the first time two weeks almost 3 weeks ago, definitely already took them down. They were HEAVY and my scalp was on fire and a few fell out and had to be replaced. The entire style cost $200. 😩"
Wakeup-flawless,ahtv1b,I never keep a hairstyle for more than 4 weeks Around week 2 I usually start to miss scratching my scalp. 
chibinibblets,ahtv1b,"I took some nails off the same day I got them because they hurt after drying and I didn’t like the way they were formed. I’d paid 80 bucks for them. 

Don’t put up with the hairstyle if you don’t like it. Maybe do the next style yourself to save some money? "
foreveryoung737,ahtv1b, If your over it and you have the money take them out and get the stuff you want.
lavasca,ahtv1b,"People oay $70 for a blow out knowing they must take a hot shower the next morning.

Do not feel bad."
wildhuntressophelia,ahtv1b,"DAE feel bad for wanting to take down their hair early?&&&I got faux goddess locs about 3 weeks ago and they are still beautiful and light weight and they haven't grown out too much yet but I just wanna take them out. What make it worse is that I essentially paid $140 USD for this hairstyle (I normally do my own protective styles but I could not do these).

It just seems like such a waste for me to want to pull them out within the coming week or 2. I just feel like I want something different like some fluffy twists inspired by Halfrican Beauty or maybe even a sew in. 

It's not like I went broke getting the goddess locs but I feel a little bad. Does this ever happen to you? &&&I did a sill press on my own hair last August and I took showers everyday for a week and my hair was still straight. I never knew you shouldn't do that, it never was of concern to me &&&Isn't that a bit weird that we have to justify spending our own money to ourselves. I think I'm a little more concerned about what other people are gonna say...""but they looks so good!"" ""Why?"" Blah blah blah. &&&I like the style but I think I'm just tired of them. &&&Oh wow. There is nothing worse than heavy styles. I'm glad mine aren't heavy but they are a bit itchy. How was the take down? I have no clue how to take these out. I know I have to unwrap it but it seems like such a difficult process."
journey1992,ahof99,"Any ideas for defining my frizzy curls with a DIY curl gel or other ingredients?&&&Any ideas for defining my frizzy curls with a DIY curl gel or other ingredients?

My curls are described as 3c/4a, low porosity, fine strands, protein sensitive, easily coated/weighed down (the less oil the better or none), and frizz prone. I also have a ton of allergies and so have to make my own products. Recently, I started making a pretty good detangler out of BTMS and Cetearyl alcohol. I was trying to make a product similar to Kinky Curly Knot Today. While this product helps me detangle my curls (I also leave some in my hair after), I still struggle with my curls becoming dry and frizzy especially as it dries. In the past I used flaxseed gel which really made my hair look great but unfortunately, I am allergic to it (asthma and congestion). I’ve also tried other DIY hair gels that didn’t work so well: okra gel (made hair frizz and shrink), gelatin gel (protein makes her get coated, dry then break), chia seed gel (flakes/coats hair and is really hard to get mucilage out), and xanthum gel (asthma and congestion).

In the past, Aloe Vera juice made my hair frizzy and I heard it’s not the best for low porosity curls.. but maybe I should try Aloe Vera gel. Any suggestions?

Any ideas of other DIY hair gels to try or maybe ingredients I can put in my detangling product to define my curls?

Thank you!"
Sharbubbles972,ahnam6,"Hair gets so dry after I take my twists out!&&&Anybody have this problem? I'll use water/aloe vera, then an oil mix, then a leave in condition to detangle and then 2-strand twist my hair. I'll put a satin bonnet on... then I'll try to do a cute style and wear it to work for 1-2  days. Then I will take my twist out and my hair will feel very moisturized and soft. But by the end of the day after wear my hair out... it gets sooooo dry.... I'll do the same water/oil/leave in... and I feel like it doesn't help! What gives? Any tips??? 

Also feel like I can't even wear my hair out for a second day bc of dryness and knots. Really tough to detangle after day 2.&&&Definitely a great reco! I always see LOC and LCO but never knew which was preferred and why. Thanks for the reco! Any recommendations for a refresher?"
wildhuntressophelia,ahnam6,"Maybe instead of LOC you should try LCO. That way you put the oil on last and it seals in the moisture. Also maybe if you feel that your hair may be dry you can use a refresher in the morning just to keep the moisture level up.
"
BoxedBoobs,ahmkrl,"I don’t! I probably should do it more than twice a week...but I’m a lazy natural. 

What are you using to moisturize? "
Freebeing001,ahmkrl,"I used to. Now I always spray in some StaSofFro after twisting or otherwise styling my hair, then I will spritz with a fine must of water mixed with a bit of conditioner when I need to moisturize. The StaSofFro is my keeper, no matter what else I use. "
Sweetlikecream,ahmkrl,"Does anyone else moisturize their hair twice a day?&&&My hair is DRY. Always. 
I have learnt that I should just moisturize twice a day, because my hair always just sucks up moisture. 
Does anyone else moisturize twice a day?&&&Wow! If I did it twice a week my hair would be SO dry. Maybe it's because I have low porosity hair.

I use Maui moisture curl smoothie"
Vanrayy12,ahmkrl,Is your hair dry? Or does it just not feel like what you’d want it to feel like?
attheendofmyropethaw,ahmkrl,"Try the LOC method. Leave in, oil, cream. It worked wonders for me."
babykcm,ahmkrl,Once a day and then the next day it’s back dry 😤🙄😶
curlgarden,ahmkrl,i do depending on the products i use. i do morning and night which requires me not to have to moisturize the next morning 
thewitchof-el,ahmkrl,"I usually moisturize once a day, at night. After about 3 or 4 nights of moisturizing, i'm good enough to skip a day or two. I've re-started up my hair journey because for the past two years I've been a lazy natural. I have a water bottle that has water + an oil + a glycerin & I incorporate this into the LOC method as step #1. Honestly surprised it works as my hair is low porosity. "
Aaaandiiii,ahaztx,"I wanna go into the house of every YouTuber that's like ""Yeah, I just wash my hair, condition it, put in a dab of gel and I'm done!"" and really see their routines in real time. It really discouraged me once I finally got some length that I couldn't just run a little gel through my hair and brush it with a Denman brush and everything would look perfect (mind you this is nearly ten years ago). First of all, my hair is too darn light to hang...&&&You're gonna look like crap a lot and you're gonna feel like crap a lot. No avoiding it. Then one day you're gonna wake up and find exactly what gives you good hair days and it's gonna be awesome. If you're too tired of waiting for that day to come, take a break and put some weave in your head. No one will judge you.

Although I'm too tender headed to take the last part... I want some freaking weave."
Annabana24,ahaztx,Enjoy the journey 
Beautyinloss,ahaztx,Getting over having the “perfect hair” is the best thing you can do. 
BoxedBoobs,ahaztx,"Don’t get discouraged that your hair doesn’t look like other naturals you see in mainstream media. 

Don’t sweat the people telling you you’re lazy or that your hair is gross or old aunties asking “well when are you gonna do your hair?” 

There is SO MUCH INFO now on natural hair. Some of it is based in science and facts others are based on anecdotal nonsense. If you can find a trusted natural hair stylist for a consult and to help you transition. Don’t be afraid to ask for tips and help. 

Wash and gos for lots (dare I say most) naturals are not as easy breezy as you’d think. It’s more like wash-lots of product-hooded dryer-and go. 

And finally, it’s ok if it doesn’t work for you. Don’t let anyone make you feel like shit for whatever hairstyle you prefer. It’s YOUR hair and as long as you aren’t harming anyone you do you."
Honeychile6841,ahaztx,I said it before: know you're hairs porosity. If it's low then you know not to put a lot of crap on it because it will just sit on the hair and do nothing. Don't wash your hair with cold water if you have lopo hair. The type of products you put in your hair correlates to the porosity. It's a big deal.
Kristianmikal,ahaztx,Water!!!  Drink water and put it in your hair. 
MaxyScab,ahaztx,"Don't be afraid of the scissors. Sometimes cutting that knot, dry strands, or awkward curl is better than trying to save it. It's hair, itll grow back (: "
SandwichClub_,ahaztx,"Feel special about the kind of hair that grows out of your head. 
And take care of it like it's a baby."
Sapphir39,ahaztx,"Transitioning...take the leap and chop it off...it's  really okay. You're gonna look lovely when you do.

Newly natural...embrace the process. Use this time to learn how to take care of ur natural hair so when it gets longer haircare comes easier(ull kno wat works and what doesn't). Take sevetal pics so u can appreciate ur progress. And stop length checking! Focus on creating a healthy routine and the growth will come."
SparkleKittyEyes,ahaztx,If our ancestors manage to take care of their hair without all of those products. Imagine what you can do. 
attheendofmyropethaw,ahaztx,"KEEP IT SIMPLE! You don't need to buy all those products they're pushing. It's all marketing. All you need is a cheap shampoo, a good conditioner, leave-in, oil, and styler. That's it.

Leave your hair alone and it will grow. Low manipulation is key. 

Don't obsess over length. It will grow in time.

Be gentle with it."
conscious_bruja,ahaztx,"Don’t compare yourself to anyone else, especially in regards to growth.

Focus your energies on learning what works best for you and the overall health of your hair. ♥️"
curlgarden,ahaztx,"what is one piece of advice/tips/encouragement you would share with someone newly natural or transitioning?&&&&&&take the time to truly listen, learn, and understand your hair. 

embrace your God-given kinks, curls, and coils. your hair will thank you for it. 

don’t aspire to reach or have hair like someone else, focus on maximizing and having the best head of hair for you. 

have fun. "
jaymich17,ahaztx,Don’t be afraid to trim your ends or breakage. Damaged hair will only impede your progress. 
latisha05,ahaztx,Have lots of patience!!! Hahaha:) 
lazycupcakee,ahaztx,"Have a lot of patience. 

Follow influencers and YouTubers with hair similar to your texture.

Let wash days be days you unwind and relax. 

Deep condition. 

Enjoy how unique and rare your hair is. :)"
moonchild2998,ahaztx,The hair is growing out of your scalp. But focus focus focus on length retention. Be patient always. Patience leads to gentleness and that’s what your hair needs 
n_kaye,ahaztx,"Get sample sizes of products you want to try/do a product swap with friends. 


Your hair probably needs more water than you’re using. 


Low manipulation protective styles will help retain length. Leaving your ends out all the time will lead to tangles, and those tangles will lead to breakage. "
solexchnage96,ahaztx,Be consistent and have patience 
spicegrl1,ahaztx,"#1 your porosity is more important than your texture. 
Check whether u have hard water that will sabotage your journey. 
Save the edges chile! Leave them out of braids & other ""pulling"" styles. Do low tension styles & find styles that let u leave your hair alone. 

Edit: Didn't realize that typing a hashtag makes the text so big. I wasn't ""that"" excited about this statement. Lol"
laybrother,agrbwo,WHAT IS PRP?&&&[removed]
AfroSamurai4,agj2r7,I usually use tea tree or the abc remedy &&&It just sucks cus there’s sulfates which Dries your hair even more 
Embarrassed_Cow,agj2r7,Scalp Psoriasis remedys&&&Hello. So i have a pretty bad case of scalp psoriasis. Ive been. Natural for a few years now and im hairs been the same length for a while and not growing. I think maybe the psoriasis had some part in this. I am very low maintenance. All i do everyday is wet it a bit put a little curling pudding in it and oil and go. Somestimes i do nothing but puff it out with my fingers. I lost my sides when i was a little girl so my styling is very limited. Does anyone have any otc remedies that have worked for them? The insurance i have still makes me pay a lot for doctor visits and a lot fo medication so I really cant afford to go. Any advice is welcome!
IAmMicki,agj2r7,Apple cider vinegar + water. Plenty of recipes on YouTube etc. Fixed my scalp issues permanently.
emceethighlyf,agj2r7,I have a super flaky itchy scalp. Never been formally diagnosed. But an olive oil and brown sugar mixture once a week helps. I heat up some olive oil mix a couple of spoons of the brown sugar in until t has that gritty sugar scrub texture and then massage that into my scalp. Sometimes I put a drop of tea tree oil in. I’ve tried with coconut oil but I didn’t find it to be as effective. 
jaymich17,agj2r7,"I recommend doing a hot oil treatment before shampooing to soften up the psoriasis plaques. For shampoo, I use the Mielle Mongongo Oil Exfoliating shampoo, which has also helped as well. I find it less drying than over the counter psoriasis shampoos like T-sal or T-gel. 

I also will spritz my hair and scalp with a mixture of 1 part apple cider vinegar with 3 parts water every other day which also has helped. "
lexy-plexy,agj2r7,When my scalp is itchy and dry I mix tea tree oil and coconut oil and leave it on my (washed) scalp overmight. Then rinse it out in the next day or so. 
twixe,agj2r7,"Denorex and T-Gel both work great. If you have any clobetasol already you can put a little on your scalp if it's really bad. 

Also consider switching up your curl pudding, if you haven't already; your skin could be reacting to it. Alternatively,  maybe you need a better sealant like hair grease to help your hair hold onto moisture. "
whatisthisjello,agj2r7,Neutrogena makes a shampoo that supposedly helps with psoriasis 
curlgarden,ag4qfr,by curling it to make it look like the rest do you mean you are using heat? Or are you doing styles to make curl like the rest? 
dark_phoenix38,ag4qfr,"How to make naturally curly hair more curly?!&&&Okay, I currently have wavy/ curly hair and the top layer won’t be like the rest. I switch my shampoo to the Dr Bronners Castile soap, which has help tremendously but the top layer of my hair will not curl/wave like the rest so I’m stuck curling it a little to make it all match. 
Is there any products or tips that actually help with getting your hair to become more curly or wavy? 
Side note: I’ve try a few different leave in conditioners or oils that leave my hair looking and feeling gross or unwashed which I want to try and avoid &&&I’m using heat to curl it because the top layer lays more straight/flat compared to the rest&&&What do you mean by transitioning?&&&I mean I’ve been using heat on my hair since I was in middle school (over a decade), it will somewhat curl if I scrunch it with some product. But I can’t really say if it’s just from the heat or if it’s just the hair"
hexaneandheels_,ag4qfr,Are you currently transitioning? 
broken__iphone,ag46ef,"Best product for hold?&&&I feel like lately my twist outs have not been lasting as long as norma/ not holding well. I have been using the same shampoo, conditioner and leave ins so that can't be it but I lately switched to the Eco Style Black Castor & Flaxseed Oil Styling Gel and using Argan oil. Although my hair is softer than ever the styles only lasts like 2 days when it used to last a solid 5. I just bought the mane choice Crystal Orchid Biotin Infused Styling Gel so fingers crossed that gives me hold, but does anyone else have anything that has great hold?"
sdjm815,ag46ef,I use LA Looks gel from Walmart 
AfroSamurai4,ag3m5m,It’s been two years for me and I’m scurred 
BadMouthBarbie,ag3m5m,"That fear isn’t unjustified. Heat damages. That’s what it does. You can deep condition and try treatments like aphogee and olaplex to minimize it, but damage and heat go hand in hand "
MisSinterpreter123,ag3m5m,"I had a fear so I talked to my stylist about it. March makes 3 years post big chop, I've never seen her work with heat tools before but I trusted her with my natural hair. Make sure your stylist uses a heat protectant.

A silk press is just multiple passes through the hair on high heat, that may be too much heat for you. All you need is a good blowout and one/two quick passes with a good flat iron by a professional."
Sapphir39,ag3m5m,I think most of us kinky curl girls do. But once you tske the necessary steps to prepare and protect your hair from heat you shud be fine.
bubblegumsparkles,ag3m5m,I haven’t used a straightener since October I’m on a roll 😊😎
glad2bglick,ag3m5m,"This is my current situation. After debating with myself for a while, I straightened my hair after a couple of years of no heat and am currently wearing it straightened. I’m kind of dreading washing my hair when the time comes . Fingers crossed for no heat damage. "
lazycupcakee,ag3m5m,"I really want to see how long my hair is, but I blew out my hair once and panicked. I can't see myself straightening my hair myself even though I want to switch up styles. My family begs me to because my natural hair is long, but it's going to be awhile. "
rosha267,ag3m5m,Ok not gonna lie I started straightening my hair last month because the only style I know is finger coils which requires me to wet my hair every morning. Not ideal in cold weather. My curls seem to bounce back alright each time I wash it HOWEVER I am also certain I have heat damage in some sections. I really only takes one time to erase years of growth :/ 
sdjm815,ag3m5m,I have heat damage from flat ironing at home even tho I’ve been natural going on 4 years so I’m extremely paranoid. I got my hair done in a silk press in November and it all reverted. So going to the salon is probably the only way I’ll straighten my hair again. Too afraid to mess it up at home. 
skidkneee,ag3m5m,"Does anyone else have a fear of straightening?&&&I have been natural for years now, and in the beginning would wear my hair straight very often. I have cut back a lot now, with the last time straightening my hair being about a year ago. For some reason now I'm afraid to straighten my hair even once in fear of it not reverting back to exactly how it was before. Does anyone else have this problem? Or have any tips on how to get over it?

I love my curly hair, but I really want to switch it up. &&&Oh no! Was the damage just from flat ironing once or multiple times?"
that_girl_there409,ag3m5m,"I don't straighten my hair very often, maybe once or twice a year. My flat iron has temperature control between 250°- 400°F and I usually set the temp to about 325°-350°. I use a heat protectant also try to stick to no more than 3 passes of the iron. So far, this has worked for me and my curls have always returned back to normal. "
thewitchof-el,ag3m5m,"During my first two years at college when I had relaxed hair, I straightened my hair way too often and pretty much fried it. Not really looking to ever straighten my hair until I feel my natural hair is 100% healthy; even then....

You have to depend on the weather for straightened natural hair to cooperate because too much moisture in the air will ruin that 2 hour flat iron job."
