index,id,comments
aliciaStarz,g4lcce,"Clean Scented Styling Creams&&&Hi! Does anyone know any styling creams that have a “clean” scent? I find that the scent of most floral, tropical, earthy, and fruity products are very overwhelming and unpleasant to me. I tried unscented products, but I would really like something that smells refreshing and clean."
unfriendlypisces,g4lcce,Melanin hair care leave in conditioner
SomethingAboutDat,g4j6ea,"What’s the best book?&&&My wife is growing in her natural hair after getting relaxers all her life! What’s the best book for natural hair styles? She and her mom having been looking online, but it would be nice to surprise her with a book during quarantine."
HousePlantPappi,g4e6zg,"What's your go-to quarantine hairstyle?&&&I'm working from home so I have to be decent enough for a VC but don't really have energy for full out wash and style.  (Stress fatigue is so real right now).  How are you styling your hair during this time? My hair is around a 4A so it's effort to detangle. Any tricks for keeping hair detangled, reduce breakage, or suggestions on low effort protective styles?&&&Decent suggestion actually. I have some insecurities around femininity and use my long hair as a crutch (self read lol), so I'm probably am not brave enough to do this. But still, thank you for the suggestion and I'm happy you've had a liberating experience!"
atctia,g4e6zg,"Been rocking two flat twists straight back this week. 

As far as detangling tips I detangle in sections on damp hair and I always twist up each section when I'm finished to keep it detangled"
jelleebeen,g4e6zg,"I buzzed it off. I have a fade now and it’s been the most liberating experience ever. I know it’s not the answer you’re looking for, but don’t let your hair hold you captive or absorb valuable time you could spend resting."
khephira,g4e6zg,"I’m an essential worker, so I have to look decent too, but I’m also not trying to put in too much effort to go to work and then come straight back home everyday lol. 

Blowouts work wonderfully for me for keeping my hair detangled for a long time. I blowout my hair with low heat, tension, and heat protectant and then just put it in a bun or a flat twist crown hair style for like a week or two until my scalp feels like it needs a wash. 


Or if you don’t want to use heat, just a regular slick bun using a cream instead of gel. My trick to keep my hair stretched and less tangled is to brush everything down until it’s nice a smooth with plenty of cream in the shower and then put my hair in a pony. Then I split the hair in the pony into a four sections and twist them up. Once twisted, I wrap the twists around the base of the pony until the form a cinnamon bun looking bun and secure with an ouchless tie. I do this in the shower because the water makes it less of a fight to get my hair to be nice and sleek and helps my hair stay detangled throughout the process. Hope that makes sense!"
sisyphus753,g4e6zg,"I did a bunch of two-strand twists at the end of March, and just took them out today. My hair is 4a/4b. This week, I’m going to try flat twisting my hair for the first time. I think it’ll be a good style for quarantine because I won’t be able to anxiously pull on my hair as much."
blackcherryblossoms,g4clms,"I know this was a while ago but...

I use a black shoe string, the skinny kind that’s usually in running shoes. I start at the front of my head and use it to smooth my hair back as I pull it. 

The bow gets tucked under the rest and it’s all good. Not really painful either."
colors32,g4clms,"What do yall use for four you'r high puffs?also what's your ""routine"" when doing a high puff?&&&Hey yall..I seem to have an up and down experience when doing high puffs , I've been natural for 4 years and I still have troubles with my high puffs. Also when I do get the ""perfect"" high puff it's at the expense of a major headache. I usually use a cut headband but sometimes it doesn't smooth over my head right it hurts etc."
ChemGirl219,g49uy4,Love your locks. The color is amazing on you!
IleegeusAuthentic,g49uy4,"Amazing look, love it !"
MuffinPuff,g49uy4,Gorgeous gorgeous gorgeous gorgeous gorgeous gorgeo...
MzVozz,g49uy4,This color is 🔥!
TheYellowRose,g49uy4,GORGEOUS
cerealthehoodie,g49uy4,"Ur hair is popping, girl how did u do that"
incougnitoxz,g49uy4,"Wanted to loc my hair but they are toooo short. So I did DIY faux locs instead🤗&&&&&&Thank you!&&&I don't live in the US. I bought it at a store here in Curaçao, the brand is Bershka☺️.

And thank you!&&&Thanks😊&&&I'll send you a link showing how☺️&&&Aww thanks, I did make a video I'll send it to you. Also if you have the crochet ones, you can find videos on youtube on how to install them&&&Thanks&&&Yes, my hair is that color, I was so happy when I found the exact same colors for the hairstyle!"
moggywarbucks,g49uy4,You're so beautiful and your hair looks amazing !! How do you do it?? Any tips? I have a bag of faux locs n this warranties for me bored af lol
nataliaevanna,g49uy4,Where did you get that top😍? And these locs are gorgeous
AliceInJuly,g46uf4,"Aloe Vera leaves?&&&Do you use aloe vera leaves? If so, how?"
wazzuuupp,g46uf4,"I am guessing you are asking about the gel. Sometime I scrape off one side of the leave and massage the gel onto my scalp and hair. Other times, I scoop out the gel and use it in hair masks."
AnalTattoo,g43epu,Gorgeous hair!
Bluestreetlightss,g43epu,What hair texture is this? My curls look the same
Chloflee,g43epu,"New here but here’s my hair!!&&&&&&Thanks so much! I just started cutting it myself, a long ways to go but I’m getting the hang of it!&&&I’m not sure honestly, I’d say 3C or maybe 4A!"
zebrapaad,g43epu,I love the shape and bangs. And it looks so healthy 😍
haireveryshare,g41sod,"Amazon detangling brush question&&&I’ve noticed the difference between average and high end detanglers is that the “pro” (more expensive) ones don’t have the little like half millimeter wide artifacts from the mold they were made in.  I can see these fine plastic edges, that are near the end of the bristles, tearing and scratching at hairs.  

Even though I really want to try this new brush, I am reluctant to buy the detangler online because I can’t check for this.  

Does anyone who has bought one know if this is the case with the new style detangler? 

Or better can you post an up-close photo of the bristles?"
SleepieSheepie8,g3zplg,Idk if I would leave rice water on my hair that long. I guess it depends on if your hair is protein-sensitive. I can imagine that would make my hair very dry.
UrDadsFave,g3zplg,"Try to find a good hair lotion, oil and cream and try the LOC method to seal moisture in your hair."
atctia,g3zplg,Don't do it. You don't want to leave something with much protein in your hair for that long. It can cause protein overload and lead to dry brittle hair.
carlskyanite,g3zplg,Can I sleep with a plastic cap and rice water on my hair ?&&&So I’ve been sleeping with oil and a plastic cap recently for my very dry hair(like 1-2 a week) . I was wondering if I can do this with rice water and oil overnight ?
TuffTitti,g3zlpi,Don’t big chop just do 2 inch trims every 8 weeks to let your hair grow out a bit
schemagirl,g3zlpi,"want to big chop all my damage off but a tiny bit nervous&&&okay ive made peace with the fact that i need to cut my hair! but its still scary. i know since we are in quarantine so it shouldnt be too bad. 

to sum it all up: my hair is damaged from constantly getting box braids bc idk how to take care of it! i was always really scared about wearing my natural hair out after not getting relaxers anymore (ive been natural since like 4th or 5th grade). but its always been in a protective style. but now im balding on one side of my head, hair is constantly dry, dandruff, super sensitive scalp, bloody scalp flakes ): its awful! and now i wanna start over. im currently bra strap length. and i wanna go on this journey to become more confident with my natural hair and to start from scratch! i wanna learn more about my hair and how to love it and take care of it. i also wanna learn how to cornrow and do my own braids and stuff like that(: i always let my mom do my natural hair (lol) so that prevented me from learning too and probably contributed to some damage bc she wouldnt even detangle properly. 

a lot of my friends have reassured me that i will be ok and i know i will be but its a huge transition! im trying to think of it as just another hairstyle (: i plan on trying fingerwaves, wearing durags, and stuff like that. im currently 4c with some 4b in the back. honestly lowkey hoping my hair grows back mostly 4b. 

but i am so nervous about the TWA stage! even though i know i will want to wear wigs and wraps and such, i am still nervous. is it okay to wear wigs while my hair is growing out? will that affect anything? pls someone reassure me! lol

i wanna be able to get a protective style like faux locs again by late august in case i dont like it! idk if my hair will grow enough by then though, who knows. i have a pretty thick head of hair too, but my left side is noticeably thinner when my hair isnt done.&&&why not big chop? it feels like the best option and i wanna start over"
lapsrrodgers,g3zkuj,"Help With Tangles&&&It's been a year since I got my TWA and my hair has grown, even though it's not always noticable (thanks shrinkage) and lately I noticed that with the growth my hair is way more tangled than before. It's getting frustrating. I can't touch my hair without noticing it knotting up. Does anyone have any tips and tricks? I don't want to comb my hair too much."
PinkMelaunin,g3z9iy,"I wish I knew about this, now I'm wondering why enough men with 4b/4c haven't made YouTube channels. Yall gotta tell me why tho I'm curious."
montero19,g3z9iy,"Anyone else every notice that the male side of natural hair YouTube (as small as it is) that their aren’t many 4b/c hair types?&&&It’s a very small community as is but it’s literally made up of people 2c- 4a. And every video is about how to make curls looser except for willnotwilly. The only male 4b or below that I can think of is king bril.

Edit: one 4b-4c youtuber found , a small youtuber named Juwan Gaines"
pinpanponko,g3z9iy,"I feel like men with 4a/b/c hair are probably made to feel the same way women are: that their curl pattern isn't that desirable and unless they can achieve a loose curl, they shouldn't try growing out their hair."
