index,id,comments
2noserings,jmgbdf,"How to achieve this look? Is it small parts with bigger chunks of hair?? I tried that once and it didn’t look right, but maybe i didn’t use the right hair&&&&&&Last time i attempted this, the ends of my hair would stick out of the twist and it looked awful within a few days. I used regular braiding hair"
eclipticos,jmgbdf,"Medium parts with big sections of Hair, she probably has 25 or 26 twists in."
mecca_f,jmgbdf,There is a specific hair to achieve this. Freetress Water Wave. Then just use more hair to make the twist chunky
novasolace,jmgbdf,Consulting with my black hairdresser friend who adores braiding-will come back with her advice!
DamaDeGatos,jme961,"I live in the Midwest and am a twist out girl. 4c, low porosity. If you want to have a defined and moisturized braid out every day, unfortunately I haven't identified an option other than to remoisturize and braid on a daily basis. Since I don't want to do this, my winters usually consists of a lot of crown flat twists. My hair retains moisture well with this style, and I'm not over manipulating. If I do decide to wear a twist out, I just accept that I'll only get one day out of it if I don't want to LOC again that night.  

I recently started to accept the fact that sometimes there just aren't any ""tricks"" or work arounds for my hair. I have to do what's best for its health and my time."
Ok-Bike-1912,jme961,"I'm from Minnesota (but now live in the south)- and honestly the best option was to put my hair in a protective style once it started to get cold and always oil/moisturize my hair in the morning. The air is so dry and I felt like I'd wake up and my hair would feel dryer, so keeping it in braids or twists of any kind always worked best. If your hair is breaking off, I would definitely suggest focusing on getting as much moisture locked in as possible and leaving it in one style for a few weeks at a time (inbetween washes etc). I've found that my hair doesn't like me messing with it too much, otherwise i'll see more breakage. For reference, I'm 4a/b, high porosity, fine curly, so oil is one the best things for my hair, plus a curl revitalizer. 

hope that helps!"
miaemo,jme961,"I don't live up north. I actually live in Texas and our winters do not compare at all lol. But I have a suggestion that is just an over all lifesaver for me. I have a humidifier that I use when it gets colder here. I actually bought a cheap hygrometer to monitor the humidity level in my bedroom because I had laser eye surgery and my eyes get really dry when humidity drops too low. So I use that to determine if I will use my humidifier at night. My eyes, skin, and hair have done well with it. Although, this will be my first winter with fully natural hair so I will see how it goes."
quarantinedsince96,jme961,"People who live in the north, how do you keep your hair moisturized in the winter?&&&I’m a braidout girl through in through. I usually wash my hair once a week and then will do a braidout for the week. It used to be fine because I would unbraid two/three times a week for work/school (yes I’m so lazy I go to work with my braidout and get complimented by all my white coworkers on my “new hairstyle”). Now that I’m working from home, I don’t really unbraid my hair because... well I’m lazy. I live in Canada and now that the winter is near, I’ve noticed that my hair is becoming increasingly dry, and it’s even breaking off. This hasn’t really happened before. How do I keep my braidout “fresh” and keep my hair from becoming too dry without having to re braid every night?&&&This actually sounds like a really good idea I’d never thought about! Thank you will definitely try it out!&&&Yes you are right I think I just need to be less lazy and rebraid every night! 

I wish I could cornrow or flat twist, unfortunately my skills are really basic in that area. I’ll just stick to moisturizing more often I suppose."
Missnessa31,jmblgu,Love it. You can't go wrong with a big healthy'fro !
tamoki30,jmblgu,Sunday Funday ☀️&&&&&&Thank you!! ☺️
Confusedsahm,jm880d,"Use a hand mirror and go teeny piece by teeny piece. Thats what I used to do. Eventually I was able to do it just with my finger and feeling where the part ends. Also, if its detangled COMPLETELY, you can just slide the rat tail straight through it. Thats a bit more trial and error though. Either way, still cute! I prefer not to have my hair perfect. Makes it easier."
Miamoney16,jm880d,Beautiful
bastabastacosi,jm880d,Beautiful curls!
blindscorpio20,jm880d,I haven't had a straight part since I've been natural. doesn't bug me but my mother complains about it each time
jwash1894,jm880d,A rat tail comb is super helpful!
lb322,jm880d,Finally long enough for buns!! I’m still figuring out how to get my part even... my hair has always been relaxed/in braids and this is the longest it’s been since my Big Chop!&&&&&&Thank you so much!! I need to hit the beauty supply store up!
tamoki30,jm880d,Yasss poofy puffs! Love these
Annalise954,jm6kkn,"I need help transitioning my hair. (Description in comments)&&&&&&Hi. So my hair has been like this for probably a year and a half, and I don’t know what to do. I have not straightened my hair in at least a year, but probably more. It seems to be growing back curly.. but extremely slow and not in the same curl pattern it was before. I have dried the deva curl no poo and conditioner, but after the bottles ran out I didn’t buy more because it was very expensive and I didn’t feel like it was making a difference. Now, I am currently using Cantu Shea butter for natural hair cleansing shampoo, and Cantu Shea butter for natural hair hydrating cream conditioner. 

After I am done using those products and get out of the shower, I use either my Cantu twist and lock gel or my Cantu moisturizing curl activator cream. Which those products, I have tried 2 strand twists and finger  curling. The two strand twists don’t look very good on me, and they never give me volume or make my hair curly. The finger curls, don’t stay in my hair. At first I thought maybe it’s because my hair is too long and that’s why my hair won’t stay in the curl, but I got 5 inches cut off and they still don’t stay. My hair is a little past my shoulders now for reference on how long my hair is. 

On some short strands in the front, that are maybe 3 or 4 inches at most it works! And on the small curls in the back of my head it kind of works, but the straight-ish ends that are still on won’t curl. And that’s really frustrating because the internet says it’s supposed to be a good method for transitioning hair! I won’t be getting a big chop, I don’t have enough confidence for that and like I said I got 5 inches cut off of my hair and that was a big decision that took a lot of courage from me. 

I am the only person with curly hair in my family, and I live with my grandma. I’m mixed, but I never see my black dad or anyone else from the black side of my family so I got no help with curly hair ever. Me and my grandma would either braid it, or we would straighten it. We did this for many years. We used lots of heat protectant, and people at the hair salon would always tell me how healthy my hair was, so we definitely did a good job at protecting it.. just one day i noticed it became straight. 

But I know the damage is heat damage because I’ve never had a perm, or bleached my hair! (The lighter hair in the front is just hair dye and that was my first time ever dyeing my hair anyways) anyways, back to my problem. The 2 strand twists and finger curls don’t work, and I don’t want to try 3 strand twists because I think I’ll have the same outcome, so I tried using curling rods. They work but again, it’s not curly. It’s pretty flat, and they don’t stay in for very long.  

The bottom of my hair is definitely growing back curly like maybe 3a to 3b, but the top of my hair is more wavy like 2b-2c. It seems to grow very slow, and I’ve tried putting tea tree oil in it because that’s supposed to help but I haven’t really seen a difference in the rate of growth. 

I’ve even tried twisting my hair around straws and leaving it in overnight. And that works, but the curls are more like tight ringlets and it looks very bad. Another thing, when I do manage to get some curls with the methods I’ve tried, when I try to separate them they kind of just fall out. Like they were never even curled. 

I don’t know what to do, because all of these methods and products seem to work for everyone else who’s transitioning but not for me. Also, I wash my hair once a week because my hair never gets oily so it’s not like my hair is greasy or anything.. What do I do?"
littlealaska_,jm6kkn,"Have you ever used flexi rods? You just wrap your hair around it like a curling wand and twist it in a U shape to hold. I personally like to use them with setting lotion like Lotta Body. (I do a lot of roller sets, like an old lady LOL). let dry overnight of your hair is damp, or sit under a dryer if your hair is wet. Transitioning is hard! I know you said you don't want to big chop but honestly trying to get your ends to match your curls would be too much for me. Good luck!!!"
miaemo,jm6kkn,"I have tighter curls so transitioning from relaxed hair to my tight type 4 hair was difficult to blend the two textures with flexi rods, but flexi rods should work for your curl pattern. I could never master a twist out with the two textures and it never looked right until I cut off the relaxed ends. Curlformers worked well for me. I also wore two French braids A LOT because it was easy to do and hid my transitioning hair. With your looser curls and from what you said, you could do braid out with two French or Dutch braids and the hair should blend pretty well.

You should also use the proper products to help hold your styles like a styling cream. I like to use Melanin Twist Elongating Styling Cream. You might prefer something lighter like a mousse. Some people use gels. You have to experiment."
UrDadsFave,jm67ic,Could be too much protein. Protein breaks the structure of your hair.
atomicoddball,jm67ic,"I actually think its quite the opposite, too much moisture and not enough protein,Id say apogee either the two step reconstruction treatment or the two step protein treatment and see the results afterwards.&&&How often do you do a protein treatment?"
inkbyio,jm67ic,"Coils no longer coiling, just zigzagging. Does it need a higher quality protein treatment? More info in the text photo 😅&&&&&&That's what I was thinking just afraid it'll make my hair straw. Thanks!&&&Oh I didn't think of that! I avoid baking soda for that exact reason. I'll try aphoghee/fenugreek thank you!&&&I didn't consider that being high porosity but even if it's just once a month?&&&Once a month, if that, I've overdone it in the past with protein packs so I switched to henna once a month / every couple weeks.&&&Thank you! This is super helpful I really appreciate it 😬"
miaemo,jm67ic,"I've heard good things about Aphogee. If you want to go a more natural route, you can use a fenugreek hair mask or rice water. I also want to note that some people have experienced their curl pattern loosening up when using henna."
natasha9961,jm67ic,Aphogee two-step protein treatment
shesmysummergirl,jm67ic,"We have the same hair! Mine usually looks like this when it’s over conditioned. I’d recommend a mild protein treatment once a month (I use the Shea moisture yogurt protein treatment), and then a more intense protein treatment every few months (I use aphogee 2 step).

I also use the aphogee  2 minute reconstructor if I want something a little stronger than the Shea moisture and not as an intense as the aphogee 2 step. 

I’d stop with the max hydration and just use a good deep conditioner once a week. 

Also some people notice their curl pattern is a little looser after henna. So that could be causing this too."
DamaDeGatos,jltk13,"I've yet to have a ""perfect"" salon visit, but they've significantly improved since finding my most recent salon. It might be worth mentioning that I only go once or twice a year. I schedule my service online, come in and the stylist greets me, immediately walks me to the shampoo bowl, and asks if I have any hair or scalp concerns before getting started. She shampoos, conditions, and detangles there. Her detangling is rougher than I prefer, so I'm going to detangle on my own beforehand. Then she walks me back to her chair and this is when she'll confirm the style that I want. Either way, she has to wash and condition my hair, so the timing of this question makes sense to me. While completing said style, she asks if I want a trim and seeks clarifying info (i.e. which side to part) on my chosen style. 

She doesn't talk much, which is actually my preference. I definitely guide the social interaction. If I start talking, then she'll converse. But since I don't say much, neither does she."
Itsureissomethin,jltk13,"That’s not a normal experience but I also don’t think it’s reasonable to expect them to talk to you the whole time, especially if you don’t open up a reason to talk. 

I would say try a different salon (they should at least be asking you the style you want or why you’ve come in) and be more vocal about what you want. If you want the experience to be more social you may need to drive / invite that, it’s a matter of personality."
UsualTour,jltk13,"Is this salon experience normal?&&&This was the first time I got actual work done at a black-owned salon and I wanted to know if this will be the experience I'm getting every time. 

I went in to get a major hair cut and a silk press. In January I got my hair dyed blue at a salon in North Carolina when visiting my sister. A few days ago I decided I wanted to get my hair cut from back length to shoulder length. 

My problem is when I went in my stylist didn't say anything to me. Like she didn't ask me how I was, what I wanted to get done, she didn't even tell me where to go she just walked me over to the shampoo bowl. I had my hair in big twists cause I tried to make sure it was pretty detangled that morning (I must not have done a good job?) but when she was taking them down she was already being rough. Like she was detangling it and it seriously hurt and she hadn't even started the silk press. I don't know if it was because I didn't detangle well enough or what but her washing and combing through my hair hurt so bad and she still wasn't even talking to me. Every now and then I would say ""ow"" and she would say sorry but that was it.  Then when that was over we started the blow dry and she was still being rough and not saying a word. Then the cut and she started just trimming the ends and I had to tell her that I wanted a major cut because she didn't even tell me how much she was doing. She did a really good job with the silk press and the cut was really clean but is this normal? I thought black salons were supposed to talk to you the whole time and have long wait times so this goes against everything I was expecting. 

Honestly, I don't know if I did something wrong or what the problem was. Like my ends were pretty bad but I figured she could just cut them off before the wash? Did I have unrealistic expectations? I thought they were supposed to ask you what you wanted BEFORE they started doing any work. When I signed up online and only put silk press and cut but was I suppose to put I wanted a consultation too? Am I suppose to tell my stylist what I want instead of expecting her to ask me? This isn't anything like a salon horror story but the last place I went to the girl that did my hair wasn't nearly as harsh with it. 

&#x200B;

TLDR: I went to a black-owned hair salon and my stylist didn't talk to me the whole time, was really rough with detangling my hair, and never asked what I wanted. Should I expect this every time?&&&I feel you. I'm pretty shy myself so I didn't expect her to talk the whole time. I just figured she would have asked what I wanted before she started working. Thank you so much for your reply!!"
lynnlife,jltk13,"If you didn’t like the service, you didn’t like the service. And I would not say that bad service is normal."
mynamesnot_rick36,jltk13,I've only ever gone to black-owned salons and this has never been my experience.
LeidysArtsTravel,jllk6n,But you don't need to show your body.
LimbMissing,jllk6n,Just avert your eyes if it bothers you lol.
Officerdeathwish747,jllk6n,But you don't need to look at or sexualize her body.
TheYellowRose,jllk6n,You look AMAZING
ZestyChrell,jllk6n,"Wow!!! What a transition, your hair looks so freaking health. Gorg 😍. I'm growing my hair now and got had a little heat damage. Like 10 strands lol and almost cried. Great job! I love that you didn't give up."
heartpants,jllk6n,YOU'RE SO PRETTY!! and your hair looks amazing :)
internationalbeauty,jllk6n,Love it
mdereje97,jllk6n,"The left was 2 years ago, the right was 2 weeks ago. Can’t believe I had such bad heat damage. This is for anyone who feels discouraged, keep going!&&&&&&I didn’t cut it all the way off but I definitely cut it super short like by my ears during summer 2019. I have one more trim next week then all my heat damage will be gone😊&&&Yes thank you! And don’t give up either! Honestly patience is a true virtue&&&Thank you! It’s from matte collections and was only $10 💛"
mr_meeseeks_can-do,jllk6n,Yoooooooo!!! Wait so did you cut it and regrow it or did you just repair it over time?
spriingcakes,jllk6n,Stunneerr sheeesh😫😫😍
tamoki30,jllk6n,"Slay, bae! Love the swimsuit too"
CuriousGeorgyia,jldi6w,Help 6yrs natural and no length.&&&[removed]
Monasgma,jkr7cj,What oils do you put on your scalp? What shampoo so you use? Olive oil is great. And tea tree oil.  Congratulations. I’ve got my aloe Vera and fenugreek powder Tuesday —coincidence.
TorchyBrownFlame,jkr7cj,"I have been using a combination of Aloe Vera juice and powder for about a month. It really moisturizes my dry, brittle hair."
stradfmm,jkr7cj,Where can I buy some Aloe Vera juice or gel?
tamoki30,jkr7cj,"Poofy puffs! Thank you, Aloe Vera Juice🧃👩🏾‍🦱✨ #Growth&&&&&&Awesome! What kind of powder?&&&Thanks!! And yay! I use Moringa Seed Oil & Avocado Butter&&&Any Hispanic/ Asian food store should have it! $0.99-$3 max. It’s SUPER cheap and SO much better than regular water"
511lonette,jkljuw,"That's the reason. Baking soda is part of the max hydration method for that reason. I tried it a couple of times, wasn't for me."
Miriam-Esi,jkljuw,I think acidic ingredients help to close the hair cuticle while basic opens them. It has to do with the pH of our hair
anotherfakeloginname,jkljuw,My hair is easy to control/style using acv. I haven't needed to use product lately
journey1992,jkljuw,"Anyone notice that apple cider vinegar/acidic ingredients tighten your curls and baking soda/basic loosen them?&&&Anyone notice that apple cider vinegar/acidic ingredients tighten your curls and baking soda/basic loosen them?

Anyone notice that apple cider vinegar and other acidic ingredients tighten your curls? And baking soda and basic products loosens your curls? I have low porosity 3c/4a curls and I notice that my hair looks more like 4a when I use acidic products and like 3c/3b when I use basic.. maybe because the baking soda/basic products opens up my cuticles so more moisture gets in which ends up loosening my hair and making it more manageable?

Anyone else?"
Naturally_Val254,jkjang,hoy oil treatm&&&[removed]
Tiffanetic,jkj40z,Flexi Rod Set&&&[removed]
123yougetme321,jk2mzx,"What does it mean when the hair coils in one direction, stops and then coils in the other? How do I google this, please?&&&&&&But please...I have very dry high porosity hair. A lot of fine strands of hair. I don’t have a clue what to do with it past straighten it. I don’t know what to use to moisturize the hair, the scalp, keep the the style in tact, sealants, tools, combs, brushes, creams, butters, oils, etc. I’d say it has a 3c appearance when wet, but when super dry it’s more 4a/b. I know the typing system only takes you so far, but it is used and it is helpful to a point. Could you recommend a youtuber or blogger with this kind of hair, please?&&&But please...I have very dry high porosity hair. A lot of fine strands of hair. I don’t have a clue what to do with it past straighten it. I don’t know what to use to moisturize the hair, the scalp, keep the the style in tact, sealants, tools, combs, brushes, creams, butters, oils, etc. I’d say it has a 3c appearance when wet, but when super dry it’s more 4a/b. I know the typing system only takes you so far, but it is used and it is helpful to a point. Could you recommend a youtuber or blogger with this kind of hair, please?&&&Ohh!! Thanks so much! I’m just now seeing your comment!&&&But how would I find this online, I wonder? I saw a forum on it years ago.&&&But please...I have very dry high porosity hair. A lot of fine strands of hair. I don’t have a clue what to do with it past straighten it. I don’t know what to use to moisturize the hair, the scalp, keep the the style in tact, sealants, tools, combs, brushes, creams, butters, oils, etc. I’d say it has a 3c appearance when wet, but when super dry it’s more 4a/b. I know the typing system only takes you so far, but it is used and it is helpful to a point. Could you recommend a youtuber or blogger with this kind of hair, please?&&&But please...I have very dry high porosity hair. A lot of fine strands of hair. I don’t have a clue what to do with it past straighten it. I don’t know what to use to moisturize the hair, the scalp, keep the the style in tact, sealants, tools, combs, brushes, creams, butters, oils, etc. I’d say it has a 3c appearance when wet, but when super dry it’s more 4a/b. I know the typing system only takes you so far, but it is used and it is helpful to a point. Could you recommend a youtuber or blogger with this kind of hair, please?"
Brittbrown610,jk2mzx,"S curls. After I go through my 3b/c 4a curls with my denman brush most of my curls pick up an s pattern. It’s nothing to worry about as far as I know, just a funky thing curls do"
Ihowlatfullmoons,jk2mzx,"That may just be ur part of ur curl pattern, my hair does the same"
atomicoddball,jk2mzx,"My curl pattern is the exact same! And frankly i believe its normal. Ive been natural for 5+ years and my curls have always looked like this, both in the good and bad states. Thats why i hate the 1-4 abc curl typing system because my curls simply never looked like the ones demonstrated. I believe its a result of having more than one curl type because my mom has perfect spirals  and even though my dad is bald i assume he had very kinky hair."
dorodaraja,jk2mzx,"S curl
I wish i knew how to fix it"
