index,id,comments
CoffeeB4Talkie,gd43dh,"I have the Shea Moisture Manuka Honey & Yogurt protein treatment (DC). I will use that first (on damp hair). After I shampoo that out, I follow up with a moisturizing DC."
Defeat_your_past,gd43dh,"Deep conditioning after Protein Treatment?&&&Just got done washing and conditioning, but my hair is feeling really dry and brittle. I thought it might be the conditioner I was using the Maui moisture coconut one, but usually that stuff does me well

So apparently I need a protein treatment? Never done one of those before, and I’m not sure how different it is from regular deep conditioning. Should I do both a protein treatment + deep conditioning this week , or just the protein?"
justht,gd43dh,"Don't use protein on stiff hair, that will just make it worse. Someone else made an excellent post about this in a thread called something like ""my hair breaks if I look at it."" 

Please read that post about watching out for too much protein in your products. Once you're done there, please consider skipping coconut oil (or ""cocos nucifera"") for a month or two in your products as well. It is not protein, but it exacerbate protein overload from other sources, and for some of us it causes stiffness all by itself. (Can feel nice for a while. Then your hair dries feeling rough and awful.)"
occasionalhuman,gd43dh,"If your hair is feeling dry and brittle then that doesn’t necessarily mean you need protein. Unless if you’ve done a drastic chemical change to your hair then there’s probably not a need for a protein treatment. A better way of deciding is by doing an elasticity test on your wet hair. You can look up exactly how to do this, but basically you want to take a strand of wet hair and *gently* try to stretch it. If you can stretch it slightly and then it goes back to normal (think like tugging on a rubberband) then no protein necessary! Probably just from mineral/protein buildup or lack of good moisture. If when you try to stretch it doesn’t go back to normal then it means your hair is lacking in protein."
Catnip3978,gd3gih,"Help! In desperate need of a trim!&&&Hello all!

So, I’m in a pretty bad situation... my hair is in DESPERATE need of a trim, and with everything going on all of the salons are closed. I usually get a blowout and a flat iron to trim my hair since it’s so coily, but neither I nor my mom know how to do that.

So... here I am sitting on the couch losing my mind because my hair is just starting to grow out to where I want it to be and I don’t want to chop it all off because of the damage. Please help me, what should I do?"
TeaLover315,gd3gih,Was going to say this! There are so many natural hair trim tutorials
atctia,gd3gih,Whitney White (Naptural85 on YouTube) has a good video on how to trim coily hair. I suggest you go check it out. It really helped me learn to trim my type 4 hair
atlgeek87,gd2vhg,Weekly twists that I’ve finally mastered band the key thing missing was eco gel and patience...this was two hours.I have thick 3c4a hair that’s drys super quick so using a spray bottle to mist small sections helped too.&&&
AnalTattoo,gczw32,You've got marvelous hair!
Br1tt_x-x-x,gczw32,Wow I tried and it dried my hair up😭
Bunbriharri,gczw32,Used Aztec Clay for the first time! Awesome results!!&&&&&&About 7 years!😄&&&It was a gift ❤ I think you can find it on Amazon?&&&I used the clay as like a deep cleanser! I then used a deep conditioner to get my hair moisturized❤
FantasticHamburguesa,gczw32,"Can I just say, I love frizz. I feel like natural hairstyles are way too concerned with definition and curls. Curls and definition are nice, but so is frizz too and it’s often overlooked and people seem to think it’s ugly. I don’t define my hair cause I don’t feel the need to. 

Your hair is a prime example of beautiful frizzy hair. I love it!"
PinkMelaunin,gczw32,What are the results from using the clay on hair? I use it on my face and its is always so dry after using it
SandwichClub_,gczw32,"Your hair is soo beautiful 😍
I've been thinking about using aztec clay as well for my hair but I'm scared that I'm gonna fuck it up"
Sayurifujisan,gczw32,"It will.  Think of it as a crazy super intense deep cleanser.  After I use it on my hair, I immediately do a deep condition with a heat cap."
Sea_Soil,gczw32,Your hair looks so healthy 😍&&&It does this because it absorbs all the oil. It's a good clarifying cleanser but you should always moisturize after.
XxPrinceLightskinxX,gczw32,Amazing hair. How long did it take you to reach that length?
a4eve,gczw32,where did you get it!
charliegocrazy,gczw32,Target! Aztec Clay! 7.99!
debreee,gczw32,Loooove that stuff. Use it for my face too. I’ve seen people use it on their body as well
gardening_is_fun473,gczw32,Looks soft and healthy!! That mask gave me awesome results too 😁
pj19214,gczw32,Aztec clay is the shit!
scarletwitchy,gczw32,"That’s crazy that you posted this, I’m about to start my loc journey within the next week and was wondering if I should use this as a deep cleanse before twisting my hair! Your hair is so pretty by the way!"
tamoki30,gczw32,💯 co-sign
that_girl_there409,gczw32,"I've used the clay quite a few times in the past and I think it's great. I'm 4 months into my loc journey and did a clay mask cleanse before having my locs done. I did the same as OP; applied the mask (mixed with apple cider vinegar), let it sit for 30-45 minutes, did a thorough rinse and shampoo, deep conditioner and my hair was so soft and clean afterwards. You should definitely give it a try."
Jojobee333,gczf7h,"Honestly, with the moisture problem, I've learned that using heat while conditioning helps moisturize low porosity hair. As far as the knots, the only thing that I've found that helps is trimming 1/4 to 1/2 inch of my ends occasionally.  And keeping hair moisturized helps too, so the strands can slip past each other. But these knots can only be completely avoided by keeping hair stretched."
georgiapeachpeacetea,gczf7h,"How to Help Dry Hair That Keeps Breaking&&&I normally keep my hair in protective styles, but I’ve been wearing my hair out for the past month. I have 4c/4b extremely dry low porosity hair. It keeps breaking off at the ends in tiny pieces. Also, there are a bunch of little knots on the ends of the hair strands, does anyone know what causes this? And are there any products that work well to moisturize and prevent breaking?"
zeroworld1111,gczf7h,"Trim your hair, its severally damaged and try ""Kendra nourishing hair masque"" once a week. Don't wash your hair everyday, it's drying."
BloodOnTheTeaLeaves,gcx4hl,Same. Layered with a hair butter (I currently use Camille Rose Aloe butter gel but want to try their Sweet Puddin buttercream) makes it so nice....
Bokunoreddit11,gcx4hl,TGIN Green Tea leave in is by far my favorite for type 4b/4c hair. It’s one of the few products I consistently repurchase as soon as I get low on it.
CoffeeB4Talkie,gcx4hl,"Lavish by Miche Beauty

A few from The Mane Choice:

Tropical Moringa
Ancient Egyptian
Prickly Pear"
JenandJuice55,gcx4hl,I love Cantu. Anything Cantu my hair will accept so graciously. So I use their Leave In Condition Repair Cream. So luxurious and wonderful.
MissD34,gcx4hl,I love Cantu leave in conditioning cream for daily use and Mane Choice Tropical Moringa leave in conditioner on wash days 🥰
atot20,gcx4hl,Mielle pomegranate & honey leave in.
bottledbed,gcx4hl,I use this along with the honey miracle mask. Makes my hair so soft easier to detangle
justht,gcx4hl,"Have you considered your strand thickness and porosity? Curl pattern by itself doesn't tell you much.

The thicker the strand, the more likely you can get away with thicker consistency in products (and vice versa), all else being equal. The lower porosity, the less overall product you're likely to need."
purpleflowers55,gcx4hl,Whats your favourite leave in for 4c type hair?&&&&&&My strands are thick but I never really understood porosity can you explain that in simple terms.
tamoki30,gcx4hl,Bruhhhh that Jamaican Black Castor Oil & Peppermint strengthen + restore leave in conditioning treatment 😍😍😍😍😍
Sophs_B,gcv325,"If I were in your situation, I'd stick to what works. As time has gone on, my hair's grown well, I've improved my routine, and I've benefitted from some excellent results on a regular basis. At the same time, I've gotten very comfortable with the fact that I'm _definitely_ going to use more product and spend more money on my hair. And I ain't mad.

Whether it's because of getting through products more quickly or using more expensive products, it's worth it. I just make sure I've stocked up enough to last me until I'm ready to restock.

At the same time, maybe someone will be able to advise you on a product that gives you the same results (or better) for a greater yield.

Fingers crossed for you!"
lolokiguess,gcv325,"Products similar to tropical roots twist cream?&&&So, im looking for a replacement for this item because as my hair gets longer, i can only get 3-4 uses out of it (if im not being heavy handed). i use it for wash and goes because it has just the right weight and consistency to keep my 4c (yes, 4c) coils to clump together and has been the only product capable of doing so for me. does anyone know any product dupes, whether from similar consistency or ingredients?"
helgahood,gctrqp,I think most trim on a cycle. Every 6 weeks or something.
lapsrrodgers,gctrqp,"How do you know when to trim?&&&It was easier when I used to straighten my hair, you literally could see the split ends, but how do you know with 4type, natural hair?"
CoffeeB4Talkie,gctm6k,"For conditioner, even leave in conditioner... I put my conditioning cap on. Even for leave in, I put the cap on for about 15 minutes to help my hair absorb it."
EloquentElixir,gctm6k,"I second this. If you're having trouble absorbing even water, its time to get all that buildup off"
UrDadsFave,gctm6k,Dampen your hair a little to open up your strands.
atctia,gctm6k,"Sounds like low porosity hair, like me. Use warm water to get your hair good and wet on wash day. This will take a few minutes. The warm water will open up the cuticle. I also apply my leave in in the shower right after rinsing out my conditioner&&&Hmmm, it could possibly be product build up. Have you tried using a clarifying shampoo?"
photographer1111,gctm6k,Hair does not absorb products? Any way for me to combat this?&&&My hair doesn’t seem to absorb product or even water very well. Whenever I use gel or especially conditioner it just sits on the top of my hair and flakes. Does anyone know how I can get my hair to absorb more moisture and product?&&&I do this every time I try wash n gos and it still never works for some reason.
savybooklover,gctm6k,Heat is your friend if you have low porosity hair which it sounds like you do. I would also try to use lighter weight product or add water to thicker products. Clarifying your hair is important because low porosity hair tends to have build up on the strand making it impossible for product to be taken in.
MissD34,gctbfz,Try a clay mask or Aphogee Curlific Texture Treatment
UrDadsFave,gctbfz,Mid back to waist when straightened?!?!  You got a lot of hair. The days of just getting up and going are way over for you. If I were you I would find someone who can do really intricate braids and give myself a break. Think Geopele after the locs but before the big chop.
purpleflowers55,gctbfz,"My hair is 4c possibly 4z with no curl pattern, how to stop getting jealousy if women with looser curls?&&&I know I should be grateful for having hair. My hair is at least mid back to waist length when straightened, but it takes a lot if work to make it look pretty because it just doesn't curl without spending an hour doing a twist out or braid out.

And after spending time so much detangling and using so much product for a beautiful twist out/braid out it looks nice, but only last for a day or maybe too and then frizzes up and looks like I dont take of my hair again.

I have tried so many gels and techniques like adding oil first but the gels still cause so much flake in my hair. But then I finally found one gel for twist out that didn't make my hair flake and turns out I'm allergic to it.

Sorry for the rant just frustrated.&&&Yes but does it alter the my hair texture?"
Disturbia8081,gcrveb,I just do twistouts and  fro for my hair during the summer.
Ndanatsei,gcrveb,Rate my fro? 4c. I don’t know what to do with it so I’m just leaving it be.&&&
dd207,gcrqjr,"Could you take my hair and beauty survey?&&&Hi everyone! I'm in the early stages of working on a haircare product concept which I'm very excited by.

Was wondering if you would have 2-3 minutes minute to complete my survey? It's about hair and beauty salons and your experiences discovering them.

Thank you so much in advance. [https://justhair.typeform.com/to/FYhijw](https://justhair.typeform.com/to/FYhijw)"
chikn_nuggit,gcmwm6,"Prior care is key to any dye job. Keep up with treatments and deep conditioning especially when you plan the appointment. If you aren't taking care of your hair before bleaching it, it'll only get worse. After the appointment you need to be more diligent on keeping your hair moisturized to prevent any further color damage."
nyx9140,gcmwm6,Does having a Balayage hair color damage your hair? I've been planning to have it but my friends told me it'll probably make my hair dry and dead in the long run.&&&
HealingTank,gcl99b,"Awesome! 

Editing and art skills 10/10"
KekeAse,gcl99b,Wow it looks great! 🎉🎉🎉
gardening_is_fun473,gcl99b,Its almost been a year since I big chopped!!!&&&&&&Thank you :))
LoveBeauty24,gcjopu,either of the two deep conditioners by Curlsmith!
ebb180,gcjopu,Moisturing Deep Conditioners&&&Hey guys! I am usually a diy deep conditioners person but it is time consuming. I am tired of making diy deep conditioners every week. Any recommendations on moisturing deep conditioners
kourageouskate,gcjopu,"Shea Moisture Manuka Honey Deep Conditioner!

A cheaper option is the Garnier Fructis One-Minute hair mask. Results not as good in my opinion, but it gets the job done."
