index,id,comments
Imaniwaya,i2q678,"I’m 4c and wash once a month with mane and tail

I use these items to moisturize weekly/daily if I have time

1. Keratin green tea spray
2. Olive oil scalp and hair
3. She’s butter on hair and ends
4. JBCO on edges and if my hair is in mini braids down the braids as well.

I also leave a bottle of aloe juice and rose water to use if it gets dry in the day 


My hair has been growing and less breakage since February
I went from just past collar bone to bra strap length"
atctia,i2q678,"Finding a routine that works for you individually may take some trial and error because everyone is different, but at the base I would start with this on wash day:

1. Detangle your hair before washing. I personally just use water and oil, but some people like prepoos, and others like to use a rinse out conditioner.

2. Shampoo. The Shea Moisture JBCO shampoo is pretty good, but you may also want to try one that focuses on moisture also and maybe alternate between the two.

3. Depp condition. I don't use a rinse out conditioner, I skip straight to the deep conditioning step. But some people like to do both

4. Leave in conditioner. This is the main place you may want to try changing to keep your hair from drying out. Instead of using your Shea butter first, put your leave in conditioner on after rinsing out the hair mask. That will add moisture into your hair. Then go in with the Shea butter afterwards to seal the moisture in.

If you go in with the leave in before the shea butter, this may keep you from needing to re-wet your hair every day between wash days. As far as how often to wash, that too depends on you and what works best."
dirtyhouse2002,i2q678,"Need advice on keeping my 4C hair healthy and moisturized&&&I have non-porous 4C with tight af coils hair...straight from the motherland. I’m a low maintenance type of girl but because of shelter in place I haven’t gotten my hair cut in close to 6 months. It’s growing now longer than I’ve ever had it in a long time. Problem is it’s feeling dry and brittle. I wanted to ask what things I should do to keep it healthy. For reference my hair is now at about 2-3 inches long.

Here are the products I currently have.

1.	Raw African Shea Butter
2.	Shea Moisture Jamaican Black shampoo and leave in conditioner 
3.	Shea Moisture Rehydration Treatment Masque
4.	SheaMoisture Red Palm Oil & Cocoa Butter Rinse Out or Leave-In Conditioner

How often should I wash my hair?
   -currently I shampoo it once a week and do the    
   masque
   -I rinse it everytime I shower and put on shae butter 
   then the leave in conditioner on top.

What should wash day look for me? What about day to day?

What should I put in my hair for styling after I take out of the tiny twists I currently have?

Any help/comments are appreciated."
Imaxutie,i2pvnq,"To figure out your hair porosity, I'd use the spray bottle method."
Lavender7687,i2pvnq,"Is it possible my hair is low porosity?&&&I've thought my hair was high porosity hair because it sank to the bottom when placed in a cup quite fast as well as dried after like an hour so I used leave-in conditioners, thicker oils like castor/coconut/olive and gel and my hair is still dry and frizzy?? My hair is also hard to style and can't straighten like it will poof up when I straighten it. Btw its coarse and thick 3c hair "
atctia,i2pvnq,"TBH, the cup method isn't a very reliable way to test porosity. The best way to figure it out is to pay attention to how your hair behaves in certain situations. For example, how long does it take to for your hair to become saturated with hair when you wet it? How long does it take for your hair to air dry? The best video I've seen so far on how to figure out porosity is from Bri Hall. She has a quiz that you take and it helps you determine based on your hair's behavior"
atctia,i2n3pn,You always want to condition your hair after washing. Shampoo can strip your hair of moisture depending on which one you use and the conditioner is there to get that moisture back in. However you can skip the rinse out conditioner and just go in with a mask.
bdwgamer,i2n3pn,"Wash day is soon! (Question)&&&Okay, so tomorrow night I will be washing my hair. My hair type is probably 4B, but I am growing out to make my answer more definite. I usually condition my hair once I wash it, but this weekend I bought a new conditioner and moisturizer. I was going to wait until wash day to use it, but I was eager to try it out. I conditioned my hair with the SheaMoisture Makuna Honey & Marufa oil conditioner (without washing). I was satisfied with how it worked. But my question is should I condition it again when I wash it tomorrow night?&&&Thanks! I have another question. If you are comfortable, could you post a picture of your hair? Or send me one? I am very stuck on whether or not my hair is 4B or 4C. They’re almost the same."
No-Cantaloupe-6877,i2is4z,I used to have a Jheri curl and I had to cut all my hair to get so it was really short and it grew out for a while before it grew down but how long it will take to grow down really depends on what size roller you get
ObiSanKenobi,i2is4z,"Perm&&&Quick question. I cut off my fade a few days ago and I’m growing a mini Afro. When it grows to a good enough length, I’m thinking of doing a Jheri curl, Gina curl, or wave nouveau. If I put it on a completely even Afro that’s an inch or half an inch, will it grow down or out like my regular hair?

4c hair, male


Thanks!&&&Thank you"
Livid-Incident3391,i2icgh,"If your hair can handle it, at night put some Castor oil on it brush it and tie it down for the night"
National-Attention-1,i2icgh,I wish lol it’d be nice if there was some type of oil/wax thats very light that would protect moisture from entering we could put on from the roots down
amel-i,i2icgh,i wish i knew! i completely stopped straightening unless it’s winter (our winters are very dry and somewhat cold so it’s the best weather to straighten hair). i tried everything but unfortunately my only solution was to straighten it everyday or completely stop straightening it /:
bubblez2495,i2icgh,Straight hair&&&How can I keep my hair from reverting in the heat after straightening it?
khaliyeah,i2icgh,Same here. I have type 4 hair & it gets super humid where I live from April-September/October. My hair has literally puffed up before I even finished flat ironing all of it once lol. If anyone has a solution I’d love to know!
layethdasmackethdown,i2icgh,Wrap your hair everyday and make sure you're wearing a silk scarf
Kaylxx_sm,i2hcsk,I think its why its called a kitchen. Many  curly haired people have this.
RoseGoldMagnolias,i2hcsk,"Yeah, I call mine a mullet when the curl falls out. It's 3a/b ish and the rest of my hair is 3c/4a. I tried getting the nape cut short once, but I just add extra gel to it on wash day and pin it up (so the back of my hair hides the bobby pins) if it gets too loose."
Sam-0808,i2hcsk,Yup totally normal.
SleepieSheepie8,i2hcsk,"Is it normal for your nape hair to be looser than other parts of your hair?&&&My nape hair just doesn’t curl up like other parts of my hair, it’s like a solid 3b while the rest of my hair is like 3c/4a so it visibly hangs longer and is slightly annoying. Do people usually cut their nape hair or no? Mine is completely grown out and I don’t have any baby hairs or anything there.&&&Yes, I have different textures all over my head too. I thought it was what damage still prevalent from 2 years ago but it just seems to grow out of my head like that&&&Maybe I’ll just do that because they’re definitely the longest pieces. Thanks!&&&Do you ever have issues of it being longer than the rest of your hair since it’s a different pattern?&&&Oh I didn’t know it had this name. I find it problematic but I’m glad to know it’s normal. Thanks!"
atctia,i2hcsk,"It's totally normal! I personally don't cut it, but some people do. It's really personal preference"
emmalouweeze,i2hcsk,Mine is definitely a loser texture! But there are areas all over my head that vary just slightly.
omonymous,i2hcsk,My hair is like this too. I usually trim the looser hairs when they grow noticeably longer than the rest
purplemoonchild06,i2hcsk,"That’s not why, lmao"
thelazynines,i2hcsk,My hair does this. I’m sure a lot of it comes from pineappling too! It helps to fingercoil the nape everyday so that the length matches.
IAmTwistedT,i2cwzz,Locs.❤️&&&
descoh,i2cwzz,Beautiful
DiligentConclusion19,i2cs9h,"help? thinning 3b hair on a 16 year old girl&&&hi, i've always had pretty thin 3b hair and i've noticed a little patch develop on the middle-back of my head. i'm a 16 year old girl and i'm trying not to panic because losing my hair would be absolutely emotionally devastating for me. i'll try to include photos in a comment or something like that.

firstly, i want to make sure there isn't a chance that this isn't considered ""normal"" thinning, although i think it looks pretty bad already. please survey the photos i'll try to include and let me know.

for background: i wash my hair every 1-2 weeks, and ALWAYS moisturize heavily with castor oil, coconut oil, and a thicker carol's daughter hair cream. i'll usually twist my hair and tie it back. i wear headscarves out a lot, but for the past 3 months, i rarely do since i'm not leaving the house much so my hair is not getting manipulated much.

are genetics in question? my father's hairline is strong as hell. well, my mom and sister have thin hair as well but no balding. but, they've always had trouble growing it past shoulder length while my hair is currently past my chest. 

so. ive got a routine that's helped me grow my hair quite long, but my scalp looks pretty sad. what do you guys recommend doing to stop the thinning/balding and restore the hair? is it possible that the patch will spread?&&&turns out i can't attach photos on a comment in mobile so i'll make a new post with just the photos!!"
Imaxutie,i2cs9h,"Castor oil seals the moisture while coconut oil moisturizes your hair. Depending on your routine you could be making your hair to heavy while drying it out but it's possibly genetics. I'd say do a hot oil treatment on your hair one a month and deep condition when you want your hair. Give that a few months and if the balding is still happening, you could have a type of alopecia which sounds likely based on the circular description you gave. Overall, do your research and think positive because it can be helped."
Nitsuj1988,i28tre,Grow! Growing! Grown? For the love of natural hair&&&
ayananoelle,i23kqw,"Excess oil along hairline&&&Has anyone else struggled with excess oil production specifically along the hairline? Even though I use a clarifying shampoo every wash day (and avoid putting oil on that particular section of my hair), my forehead and hairline are extremely oily by day 2. I’m talking about just worked out oily. On top of that, fine baby hairs are shedding from my hairline as well. 

I’m not sure if it’s true products I’m using (Cantu clarifying shampoo, Cantu leave in, TGIN deep conditioner, jojoba oil) or an internal issue. 

Has anyone dealt with this before and/or have any idea what’s going on? I’ve been to dermatologist multiple times and they can’t give me a clear cut diagnosis. It’s been going on for 5-6 months now."
gt27,i22sxy,4b
kearmorhenborn,i22sxy,Can you help me figure out my hair texture&&&
lamaituya,i22sxy,3c/4a
xomercyyy,i22sxy,it’s a bit looser than 4b.
nycforrme,i22751,The most basic (yet very cute) hairstyle to do for your zoom meetings!&&&
40Pesos,i220rk,Wow. Dude you look like the male version of my cousin. This is crazy.
511lonette,i220rk,Beautiful
AnalTattoo,i220rk,Very nice!
Imaxutie,i220rk,"First post here, a flat-twist out; also hello all.&&&&&&For this I used the Cantu repair leave in conditioner. Obviously water as your first base moisturizer then sealed it with an oil or grease. Water, leave-in then seal it.&&&Thankyou&&&Thankyou so much&&&Thanks, I try!!!&&&Thanks 👍&&&Do I? Well that's kinda cool."
MustLovePasta,i220rk,"Love this! I just bought some grease, but it made my twist out dry. Trying it again with leave in, possibly a cream, and then the grease."
bucchake,i220rk,"Looks soft and fluffy, your hair is gorgeous 😍"
ebrdshw,i220rk,Love that look!
felina_,i220rk,<3 <3 <3 love it!!!!
jazzmatazz14,i220rk,Okay VOLUME 😍
jgrl1162,i220rk,Yes.
myvibeiztremendous,i220rk,Werk!
sdotty313,i220rk,"Love it, what products do you use?"
the-whiskey-auntie,i220rk,Beautiful results! Your hair looks so healthy!
