index,id,comments
paflok,j5cj65,Wash day 0 to day 5 after swimming. Been using the two strand twist method with a creamy moisturizer or curl smoothie&&&
AnalTattoo,j5341m,Niiice
HelpfulHolly,j5341m,The lighting makes you look like an angel!
IAmTwistedT,j5341m,2 Years Interlocked.&&&&&&No cap your the second person that has said that on Reddit 😭😭😭😭&&&Thank you ma’am
Monasgma,j5341m,"How many hearts do you have in your glove compartment, sir?"
Zaheer_me_out,j5341m,I thought this was a picture of Kevin Hart with locs but you look great! Lmao
bananabeanbonbon,j5341m,I can almost *hear* how angelic this picture is!
doilooklikeicareia,j5341m,Looks good! 👍🏽
excelzombie,j5341m,"I agree, very photogenic, what a nice smile and hair!"
oyst,j5341m,"This is such a good picture, the look in your eyes, lighting, hair, every aspect."
-Melapis-,j510n0,"Tried red Mofajang hair wax! It's a heck of a styler!&&&&&&Hi, thank you!!! No damage at all as it just sits on my hair like a gel or cream, really. It kinda works really well as a styling product, to be honest, so it does feel pretty healthy, yes! Totally give it a go in your color of choice for a few days :)&&&Just leave-in and oil, no additional gel! Right? This stuff just defines and shines! I'd use it all the time if I could xD&&&Thank you! :)&&&Aww thank you! I hope you have fun trying all those colors :)! I have gold and white to maybe try."
RedBedZed,j510n0,Nioccce ☺️👍🏾
duaadiddy,j510n0, I bought 5 different colors. Can't wait. your hair looks amazing!
electricheel,j510n0,Isn't it?! Did you add an additional gel too or just a moisturizer. I was SO IMPRESSED with the definition of my curls when I used it last time!
tamoki30,j510n0,Looks lovely! Has it caused damage? It looks like it may actually be fairly healthy for your locks!
curlgarden,j50b03,Have you tried coils?
throwaway1145667,j50b03,"How do I braid/twist my short 4b hair?&&&I recently did the ""big chop"" because my hair was so badly damaged and unhealthy. The top of my head has long enough hair to twist, but the rest of my hair is short, so it's hard to get an actual grip on it and twist it. That + the type 4 hair shrinkage makes it hard. Are there any tips as to how I can easily twist my hair for protective styling? I am honestly fed up to the point where I will have to ask my parent to get me box braids, which I'd rather not do."
123issabae,j4y1rb,Love to see it 👏🏾🙌🏾
ThrowawayFaye818,j4y1rb,What DID YOU DO? I'm so freaking jealous
UnusualOctopus,j4y1rb,Your bun is SO pretty
tamoki30,j4y1rb,"#Growth 👌🏾👩🏾‍🦱&&&&&&Thanks y’all!!! Really appreciate lol. Here are my top thirteen tips:

1. Speaking and believing positive spiritual hair affirmations
2. Rice Water
3. Avocado mask
4. Swimming/ Letting water touch my hair daily
5. Wigs + Wig Bands
6. Oils (Manuka Honey + Moringa Seed, Olive, Sweet Almond, Avocado, Jamaican Black Castor)
7. Shea Moisture Jamaican Black Castor Leave In
8. Eggs
9. Greek Yogurt
10. Murray’s Beeswax Edge Control
11. Dr. Bronner’s Peppermint Hemp Body Wash/ Apple Cider Vinegar (a small squirt is my weekly shampoo)
12. Space/ Leaving the Hair Alone
13. Flexible Detangling Brush

*** No particular order of importance BUT number 1 is the most critical step 🥰 

Edit: All your comments were so heartwarming to read & have made my evening"
uhyeaokay,j4y1rb,Yesss. Let it GROW! Routine? Tips tricks?
AsontiRelay,j4t34t,Haven't had a haircut since 2016&&&&&&Wow thank you so much!
shadaca,j4t34t,"Man, Hair goals"
sqwzmahmeatybts,j4t34t,You look ethereal
LadyTK,j4l4rr,I’m so over hair typing&&&[removed]
Ashleyjasmine,j4kbjq,"You could chose between a soft medium and hard bristle brush. Lots of people go for the hard ones but I just use a medium one from the hair shop. I’d suggest just go in the shop and feel the brushes, some can feel a bit plastic-y so beware."
Tip_Rip,j4kbjq,I haven't found any yet but I advise you to stay away from Denman brushes. They gave me split ends!
TuffTitti,j4kbjq,I really like the Ion Professional Boar & Nylon Cushion Brush and the Ion Detangling Boar Mix Brush from sally beauty supply
delafro_,j4kbjq,"Brushes&&&I’m looking for a boar bristle brush to smooth my type 4 hair for slick styles. There are so many to choose from. Does anyone have any good recommendations, if so where did you purchase the brush from? 
Thanks in advance!"
Fifth_Business29,j4k30r,Omfg thank you so much. I was looking for the name for so long
Polpolo1,j4k30r,this is the only natural haire subreddit I found and i wanted to ask how I can get my hair like bronny James ? (My hair type is type 4)&&&&&&Thanks a lot
Tip_Rip,j4k30r,Finger coil. It's time consuming but looks good.
vdopaminev,j4k30r,"You can use a hair sponge on your hair to twirl and twist it. As it grows out, the top will look like his! They're on Amazon or at any beauty supply store that caters to ethnic/black hair :) if you look up hair sponge and do some more research on google, you'll see it comes in different sizes so you can use them regularly and on the go. They also have smaller or bigger holes for bigger twists or smaller twists."
PresentationOk8252,j4jyuw,Pics of short mostly 3c hair&&&[removed]
Candied789,j4i57h,"It’s rough. Going through any transition can rock your confidence. Now add in the disapproving opinion of someone whose opinion you respect. I totally get it. I got a lot of pushback from my mom, aunts, and even friends. Especially when you’re natural hair is a type 4 people don’t see it as beautiful. But keep on keeping on!"
Kind_Aspect,j4i57h,"I'm glad you love your hair and i hope you can continue to do so.  It took me an entire childhood to not be embarrassed by my hair.  Family and work supervisors did the most damage.  

But I've come to realize Self hatred is no joke. It's always been odd to me that older black people that actually sent to segregated schools and came up during the Civil rights movement and the Black is Beautiful Era can still project such hatred toward the way hair comes out of their head. 

Don't let anyone, regardless of relationship, steal your joy, rock them curls!!"
Miriam-Esi,j4i57h,"Depending on the damage she did to your hair with the heat, maybe do a protein treatment. A light or heavy one. You know your hair so you can see if you need it.

I only really like my natural hair when it’s a twa or really long. I’m at the awkward length so I try not to listen to people with negative opinions on my hair"
RhubarbRaptor,j4i57h,"My mom made me look and feel ugly about my hair&&&Hi. I've been transitioning from relaxed for 5 months now, something my mom has greatly disapproved of. I've been keeping my hair in protective styles and such, moisturizing regularly, etc. And I've had some pretty good growth, my natural hair is about 3-3.5 inches in length and I get quite a bit of shrinkage, so I believe my hair is pretty healthy. It's also longer now than it has ever been when it was relaxed, even with me cutting it every month.

I don't style my hair too often cause.... why should I? I'm not going anywhere but my own house. My mom hates this and will insult me about it being think and curly and constantly say that I ""need"" a relaxer. 

I decided to style my hair today cause we were going grocery shopping and tried to do Dutch braids after seeing a tutorial. I was struggling cause I didn't have any gel and didn't get my hair damp first, so my mom offered to do it. Now let me run through everything that made this experience horrible

Firstly, she started insulting me, saying that I was stupid for choosing to go natural and that I look horrible, then she started just trying to rake a regular comb through my hair?? Obviously ripping out a ton of hair and trying to write it off as ""breakage"". I tried to tell her that you're not supposed to do that and that my hair has to be wet first, but she told me that wetting your hair will cause it to rot?? Then, without using any moisture or heat protectant, she started trying to straighten my hair with this blow dryer combo thing, ripping out even more hair and getting rid of all my curls. She didn't even do Dutch braids, she did super tight and painful cornrows and wound up tearing out my hair by hand in the process, again blaming it on breakage. 

Now I feel and look horrible. I don't understand why the older black folks have such problems with natural hair? Why is it so stigmatized, why do people hate it so much? My hair is longer and healthier within 5 months of being natural, than in has ever been in the 10 years I've been relaxed, but this is the first time I've ever been made to feel bad about it. :(&&&Honestly I think this is the first time she's done my hair in a few years. I was just struggling with a hairstyle and she offered to help. But YEAH, she's relaxed with very thin hair (you can see every inch of her scalp) and she only ever wears wigs. I really do love my natural hair (it's so SOFT) I just wish it was a bit easier to maintain two hair textures lol. 

I'm probably gonna get box braids the next time I go to the hair dresser, but thank you for the kind words!"
Sophs_B,j4i57h,"If someone was making it _this obvious_ that they didn't love my hair, I would absolutely not let them put their fingers in it. No way. Even if it was my own mum.

I'm so sorry this happened to you and she keeps throwing those insults.

I hear what you're saying about not styling your hair because you're not going anywhere, but I was between jobs when I cut my relaxed ends off and I spent time every single day getting used to my hair, trying new products, trying new styles, just so I could be ready with a few options when I needed to go somewhere.

Protective styles really do make sense, but in my opinion there is also a lot of value in taking the time to get to know your hair and practice getting it to do what you want it to do (without ""help"" that's really sabotage)."
Tip_Rip,j4i57h,"Stop letting her do your hair. I don't know how old you are but tell her you're old enough and want to be able to take care of your hair on your own. She might be hurt but oh well.

Congrats on making it this far going natural. Keep going dispite the negativity. I'm guessing your mom doesn't wear her hair in a natural hairstyle. Maybe she'll come around and will go natural too or at least start to see the beauty in non relaxed hair. 

Take care and don't let her words get to you, GOD BLESS!"
TizzyE,j4i57h,"I'm sorry this is happening to you. Tbh, this is just how it is with the older generation and more likely than not, talking to her won't help. I suggest you continue to  learn how to take care of your hair yourself and not ever allow her to be in a position to mishandle your hair again. As for her words, ignore them. As your hair grows and flourishes, she'll have less to say and even if she doesn't, you can just flip your gorgeous natural hair and let those comments roll off your back."
jrla1992,j4i57h,I totally get it. When I told my mom I was growing my hair she said not to because I'm going to look black. That was a weird statement to hear from hair but that's Caribbean oldschool believes for you.
pastelie_ghostie,j4i57h,"My dad and older brother once did this to me when i was going natural. It made me feel really bad and i cried, but it made me just want to show how beautiful my hair could be even more, because our hair is beautiful the way it grows out of our heads. I was big into drawing a few years back so i created a character with natural hair and gave her friends that loved her and a boy that thought she was beautiful. It helped me at the time lol, but the point is your hair is beautiful and as long as you believe that it shouldn't matter what anyone else thinks.

If your mom ever says anything else negative to you about your hair you should just respond back that you like your hair the way it is or that its beautiful because it can help uplift you. Hearing it more will help you believe it more. She doesn't like it, but there are plenty of people that love it."
Tip_Rip,j4gk51,Never heard of it. Look up its reviews and research its ingredients before purchasing.
russeka123,j4gk51,"I use it on my scalp. It has really helped with dandruff. I mix a few drops of tea tree oil and Rosemary oil to it, the smell is a bit intense at first but it fades away."
sganiexty,j4gk51,Has anyone tried the virgin hair fertilizer?&&&Is it just a grease you apply to your scalp? I have a dry and tender scalp so I'm not sure if I should try it.
Ashleyjasmine,j4fzvb,Aloe and glycerin definitely! Silicones too if you’re not opposed to them
UnusualOctopus,j4fzvb,Seconding slippery elm and Marshmallow!
nuncaazul,j4fzvb,"My hair loves aloe. I look for it to be in the first 3 ingredients. Also in Kinky Curly Knot Today or Knot Sauce I believe the magic ingredients are slippery elm, marshmallow or even okra."
sganiexty,j4fzvb,"What ingredients should I look for in products for slip and detangling?&&&&&&I noticed my hair likes Mane n Tail to help section off my hair. Then I go through with Vo5, it helps detangle but it's runny so I go through bottles. But it's cheap, it seems I just need two bottles for a month for my hair routine. 

I think I need something more moisturizing."
Miriam-Esi,j4cixl,I detangle my hair before I wash it and shampoo in sections as I wash it to keep tangles to a minimum. I also put castor oil on my ends
Scream_Pueen,j4cixl,I heard somewhere a while back that not moisturizing is a culprit.
Sugarcoatednihilism,j4cixl,I got rid of them as soon as I started properly moisturizing my hair every other day
riverbitch666,j4cixl,"fairy knots!&&&I have fine, low porosity, 4a hair. Despite each individual strand being fine, there’s a lot of it! I have a satin pillowcase but still find myself waking up with fairy knots everywhere. What can I do differently to prevent them?&&&That’s good advice, thank you! It’s totally shedding hairs that get a bit matted. I tend to have single strand ones too and those are the worst! Do you happen to use a gel in your hair routine? If so, I’m curious if that helps at all? I wonder if the gel helps to keep everything in place and therefore decreasing the amount of fairy knots.&&&Any advice on a refresh routine?"
sganiexty,j4cixl,"I have the same problem to. I guess it helps to do chunky twists at night before going to bed to help with tangles. I think shed hairs mix with the dry hair causing tangles. 

The shed hairs want to be free! lol"
silverleafsea,j4cixl,"Ughh me too! My hair is so thin, tangly and split."
islamandyourduty,j4brum,Saw palmetto prevents hair loss and prostrate problems&&&
Owls-Oath,j49trx,Hair Cut at a Hair salon&&&I’m a 20 year old mixed( black and white) male with about 20 inch 4b hair. I was looking to get about 6 inches cut but don’t know if it’s worth going to a salon
Classyassgirl,j488uy,How do you protect your hair? And that still might be too much for your hair.
KekeAse,j488uy,"Think my hair is thinning at my temples?? (Possible balding)&&&Hi! so I noticed a few months ago that there’s a lack of hair near the hair by my temples but I brushed it off and thought I was being overdramatic, but the other day my aunt brought it up so I knew I wasn’t crazy. Also when I pull my hair back I feel like there’s possible thinning? (Not sure tho) 

For my hair I usually tie it in a high puff and I understand that style can mess up your edges if you do it too much but i do it at MAX once a week (possibly once every two weeks) I’m not understanding what I’m doing wrong? My hair seems to be growing healthily so I’m confused. Please help ):

My hair is 4c low porosity btw&&&By protect do you mean protective styles in the meantime?"
