index,id,comments
aintitloverly,euj0ky,I'm a competitive dancer and I have to straighten my hair for competitions. But the curls in my bangs turn to this frizzy mess.... any advice.&&&
loaferette,euczeg,Been having a lot of fun with my hair lately. 🤗🤗🤗&&&
silenceherr,euczeg,"Looks beautiful, boo! Loving the confidence!"
OneSmallGirl,eu546x,"Eh, I honestly don't. I like my natural hair a lot more. I just think protective styles are a bit more convenient sometimes. Like, if my parents just randomly say, ""get ready, we're going out"", I have one less thing to worry about lol"
Unwvrthyy,eu546x,"Anyone else feel the same ?&&&Okay so I love my natural like A LOT but it’s like when I wear it out I just don’t feel all that pretty. I feel more pretty wearing a protective style ( aka braids, weave, etc. ) Anyone else feel the same ?&&&Thank you, I appreciate the input. That ultimately makes a lot of sense."
emmalouweeze,eu546x,"I feel this. I had dreadlocks for 10 years and I felt so confident with them for most of that time. In my last two years with them I started to feel a disconnect and I big chopped them all off. 
Now I’m trying to grow my hair out, and using protective styling. I don’t know if it’s because I’m at an awkward length or because i had dreadlocks for so long that I just got used to seeing myself that way. I don’t want to lock my hair up again because i did spend a lot of time thinking about cutting my hair.. but I find myself turning to braids/weave more often than I thought I was going to when I did cut my hair."
haireveryshare,eu546x,"It’s because you know how you know natural hair is perceived vs how those other styles are perceived, in general.  

You know you love it, you know a lot of others love straight or long braided hair more, so there’s dissonance. 

Ultimately it is owning your preference. 

For me, I feel what will feel ultimately beautiful and authentic is having *very long natural hair*, that is my preference.  I know it comes with some extra fans and not others.  I mean, **It’s OK to want to feel pretty, you don’t have to choose being authentic OR feeling pretty to majority of society, you can do both.**"
prettynoflaca,eu546x,Me!! I wear a weave/wig 99% of the time because I love the way I look with long straight hair. I just recently started loving my natural hair and finally started taking proper care of it. My curls are finally poppin but yet I keep them covered up. I'm a work in progress but one day I'll finally rock my beautiful natural hair.
SleepieSheepie8,eu4piz,"Mmm I’m from France and ethnic diversity is pretty prominent here, or at least in Aquitaine where I live. I don’t really have the kinkiest hair, I have more like 3c-4a but enough to stand out.  I don’t have the issue of people touching my hair or just me in general lol. Most people mind their own damn business and small talk isn’t really a thing in French culture. If someone asks, just say “This is my natural hair. I like wearing braids.” or if someone tries to touch your hair just say “Please don’t touch my hair. (Or me tbh” and that should just be the end of it.

If that’s not the end of it, then I’d just be direct “Are we going to have a problem?” 😂 No, don’t say that... but think it."
itsinesvieira,eu4piz,"Help?&&&Couldnt think of a suitable title. 

I have 4c hair (there may be a few patches of 4b around my head) and I dont know how to deal with it. 

Up until the age of 17 I had my hair always braided, no extensions, just my hair. And then I relaxed it, and I did destroy my hair with intense flat ironing, and eventually I stopped and just would get the roots re-done and keep my hair up in a bun. Eventually it started breaking because I didnt know how to deal with it.
 
During summer 2017, I decided to go back to natural, and I transitioned by braiding my hair with extensions, and it became my signature look, which I absolutely love it. Initially this wasnt a problem because I could easily get a braider. My hair went back to fully natural and is much healthier.

Fall 2019 was the last time I braided my hair, and moved to Italy. I am in a very small town and I havent had much success finding someone to braid my hair and I am long over-do to remove my braids, which I am planning to do it very soon. 

Like I said, I dont have much knowledge on how to deal with my hair. Through last year, I did practice wash n go with the aid of twist outs - so I think I got that sorted out, but I would only have my afro for like an hour, the time of me leaving the house and going to the salon to get my hair braided. So I dont have the practice of keeping my hair out for a long time.

I dont know how to deal with it, and also I am aware of how the winter can be harsh for our type of hair. I am looking for simple and practical things that I can do with my hair. If anyone has tips, it would be great. Its also reasonable to say that is a bit hard to get styling products here (I did see a store selling eco-gel and a few cantu products like styling cream and a curl activator, I believe - but I am not familiar with those brands when it comes to these products).

On top of that, I go to a mainly white university and some minorities, but there is a small amount of black girls. It was already annoying enough to explain to people how I wash my braids and how I get braided, but I also dont wan to have to explain to them my hair and how it works nor have them touching my hair (these people did not grow up in black environments so they wouldnt know that this is not okay). Do any of y’all have any tips to deal with this as well? 

Just know that I am someone that never rocked their afro, and may be ready to do it, but doesnt know how to and doesnt want to deal with stupid questions coming with it 

Any help is highly appreciated.&&&Its all stuff that I say to be honest. 

The closest most diverse place is Turin. Where I live there are some black people, but the university not  so many like I mentioned. 

My other black friend and I did have a conversation on the subject & we had agreed to send people to google. 

Guess I just need to figure out how to deal with my hair in ways that wont make me lose sleep in the morning&&&Oh thanks a lot for your input

I also avoid heating, but it may the way to go. I am just concerned about the Winter destroying my hair, but the bright side is that the town where I am is quite humid, so it may help (I guess).
May I ask how you deep condition? When I had braids, I’d put in a mask before washing and in between shampooing and conditioning and let it sit for an hour - is this even the right way to do it?"
k_thewave,eu4piz," 4C here 👋🏽 for me, the hardest part about maintaining my natural hair is probably the shrinkage. Yeah my hair can get tangled and matted sometimes but at this point (2.5 years in) I have a good idea on how to calm my hair down. Deep conditioning honestly is a big deal because 4c hair can get very dry. Deep conditioning won’t always make the hair magically soft to the touch like with other hair types, but you WILL notice a difference in how long your hair is able to hold the moisture. So I’ll DC then really detangle my hair and let it sit and just continue like normal. I also am a natural who uses minimal heat on my hair. When I DC I blow my hair out to give it some length. DC moisturizes my hair so much that my hair completely shrinks up, so I blow my hair out to do a twist out from there. It’s so much easier to manage 4c hair when you actually focus on getting it moisturized because that’s what makes everything else easier. It’s also easier with some length, so depending on what stage you’re at, keep that in mind too and just keep going!"
5h0ckb0i,etzyki,"This is about the two year mark and I didnt even realize, time flies&&&"
Ashleyjasmine,etzyki,I have never seen such perfectly formed coils in my life
KajetanM,etzyki,Lord. Those coils!!
Nzingaofmatamba,etzyki,"Your coils are very nice, will you share the name of the product you use? How often do u get them done? Thanks!"
coilyflowers,etzyki,Omg your hair is so cute! those shiny springy coils 😍
taytay8705,etzyki,What did you use to get these perfect coils??
Izzy248,etyptn,"Need Advice: Is it really not best to comb your hair with type 4C/4D??&&&So for context read the following paragraph, if you dont want context and backstory skip all the way down the bottom. Any input is highly valued and I appreciated it:

I have hair type 4C/4D with low porosity. Its really thing, kinks up nicely, and shrinks when dry, but my hair is actually quite long at this point. I never particularly cared about my hair growing up, and would either just get it braided by a family member (not my choice, they would also say they are GOING to do my hair), or I would just get it cut (also not my choice). Only recently have I actually started caring, and Ive been taking steps to take care of it pretty well for the past year and a half, and now its grown pretty long and healthier looking than ever before. The problem is because I never cared about my hair growing up, and because Im a guy and grew up in a family where there were unwritten gender roles basically, I never really learned anything about my hair, how to properly take care of it, or anything like that besides basic shampoo and condition it every now and then. And even now Im learning that not all shampoo and conditioner is created equal, especially if you want natural and healthy hair.

Well recently, I went to my mom and she was twisting up my hair, and we talked a bit. I had had my hair out for about 2 weeks to let it breathe, and because I was so busy with work I didnt have time to get it done. In that time my hair basically almost formed dreads, like not actually, but the strands almost formed together in long cone shapes like dreads almost...if that makes any sense...anyway, while we were talking and she was doing my hair, the topic of combing came up. And she said I should be combing my hair...and this threw me for a major loop...since she is my mom, and I know very little about hair care still, I take everything she says on the matter as gospel. I had only recently learned I shouldnt be picking my hair a couple months back, then I learned the proper technique for combing out long hair, which was to start at the ends and work your way down to the root with a shower comb, now Im finding out I shouldnt be combing it at all? I cant remember all the exacts of what she said, but basically when she was doing my hair she said I was only impeding the growth of new hairs. That basically all the hairs that were coming out as she was combing it out were dead hairs that got tangled in with my other hairs. And that combing it out wasnt even necessary, or at least not as necessary for how frequent I had been doing it. But...if thats the case...wouldnt that be bad? Wouldnt my hair just completely lock up and dread naturally then? Shouldnt I try to get those dead hairs out, and detangle my hair? So many questions...

&#x200B;

Question summarized:

Is it necessary to comb your hair, or does it actually hinder growth?"
OneSmallGirl,etyptn,"Yes, it's necessary to comb you hair. Unless you want locs that is lol. Like you said, start from the ends and work up to the roots. Just be gentle with your hair and you'll be fine :)"
kungzero5,etyptn,"I have the same hair as yours. I use a wide toothed comb for my hair and make sure that I moisturize before combing. This helps the comb glide through easier and lessens breakage. I don't do it everyday, though. Normally once or twice a week, but that can differ for everyone."
geonnashante,etxy1b,One year hair growth with rice water & other natural products follow my YouTube channel for more GEONNASHANTE 💕👍🏽❤️&&&
burritobabi,etwibo,I’m trying to do the same thing at the moment! What oil are you using?
raiventhegirl,etwibo,"beginning of 2019 I lost my edges...but after many visits to the derm and oiling my scalp a lot, they did a 180 by the end of 2019. now in 2020 im gonna get my hair even longer as im transitioning :)&&&&&&right now im using olive oil. cheap and has a lot of benefits"
meccamilton,etwab6,Hey queens. Here’s a video on how to do perfect edges and a sleek bun for natural hair&&&
Disturbia8081,etvjbx,Omg so cute 💜💜
MissHoneybug,etvjbx,"This is so cute, I finally got bored with my only hairstyle and decided to do the same lol"
Uniquic101,etvjbx,Nice!
bikesboozeandbacon,etvjbx,What’s the wire thing? Does it come curler or do you curl it yourself ? You’re giving me lots of ideas here!
burritobabi,etvjbx,"The hair, the skin, the vibes! Loving it all girl!"
chicaburrita,etvjbx,Goddess
tiredboredfood,etvjbx,"I‘m experimenting with my hairstyles and hair accessories&&&&&&Thanks!&&&Thank you!&&&[Hair accessory]
(https://www.amazon.com/dp/B07F8RRZS5/ref=cm_sw_r_cp_api_i_ZEgsEb4J74NQ5)"
SleepieSheepie8,etv0ec,What products do you use? How often do you do your hair? Everyday? I get that school struggle but you’re not providing much info. Do you know your hair’s porosity? Do you deep condition?? Lol
dreams_do_come_true,etv0ec,"It may not be but my hair feels straight. How can I get my hair to get used to being curly and stop going flat every time?&&&I guess I’m still “transitioning” after all that relaxing and straightening my sister cut my hair about two years ago. But I’m still dumb and learning, still hopelessly struggling. I’m still learning the basics of natural hair so please bear with me if I’m asking this question in a confusing way. It’s really only because I tie my hair into a ponytail everyday, I’m trying to start caring for it more but it’s hard when you have school everyday and can’t make out the time no strength to. But I feel like my hair just goes flat and straight every time because of the ponytails and because I don’t do anything to my hair after washing. I just want to get my hair curly, or get it to have a texture, get it to shape. It’s been curly before but after that I never maintain it. I need advice."
511lonette,etk0ix,Tea rinses made with distilled water.
AdamantiumFoil,etk0ix,"Naptural85's mango cupuacu butter styling cream recipe.

Nothing I've bought off a shelf makes my hair softer than that stuff (and I have tried a LOT), and it smells so great."
Tacox706,etk0ix,Clay washing! It seriously changed the game for me. I make a hair oil similar to one Curly Proverbs made and I love it.
benevolent_llama,etk0ix,"Do y’all have any DIY oils, treatments, masks, etc., that you swear by?&&&I’m skeptical by nature and I find it so hard to believe any of the youtubers/bloggers when it comes to DIY/natural beauty recipes. It’s like half of them just picked whatever was the first thing that popped up on Pinterest or what’s currently trending in the natural hair community. Woo woo science is rampant (quite a bit of “this obscure tribe in the mountains use THIS secret ingredient) and its pretty clear that some are seeing great results because they never took care of their hair before. Of course your hair will be healthier if you start moisturizing for the first time in ten years...that being said, do you have any DIY treatments you swear by?"
haireveryshare,etk0ix,"Yes, I swear by coconut oil day and night. I think there are a lot of myths and miseducation out there about it. Mostly because it happens to be solid below about 75°., Which means that in cool rooms it may seem to feel stiff on the hair but this is not actually a problem. 

I use coconut oil almost exclusively and my hair is healthier, thicker and longer than it has ever been.

I think there are a lot of market forces working against using pure simple coconut oil. Out of my cold dead hands, though."
tachs4breakfast,etk0ix,"I LOVE using fresh aloe as a pre-poo. It cured any dandruff or itchy scalp issues I had, as well as moisturized my hair and added shine. I also really enjoy using clay masks, as I feel it sort of “re-sets” my curls after a few weeks of not taking good care of my hair."
CoffeeB4Talkie,etgjvo,"If you've been using that JBCO line religiously, I'd say you may be suffering from protein overload. I've read on a response from the SM team that they don't recommend their JBCO line for low porosity."
_sweetso_,etgjvo,"The black castor oil shampoo has proteins in it, most lines that say they can help you strengthen and grow your hair will contain protein"
montero19,etgjvo,"I think I may be suffering from hydras Fatigue. What are the symptoms? Would you sing this shampoo and conditioner help? More details in comments.&&&&&&I am having this little patch problem. Recently I think I’ve been overheating may hair as it’s feel alittle weaker. Than normal. Usually my hair is really tuff to brake. So I’m low porosity and I heard that i should stay away from protein ( my hair doesn’t favor coconut oil but it does other coconut products) so I switched to Shea moistures black caster oil conditioner and shampoo. I noticed that wearing a durag on my head has been affecting it so I decided to stop doing that wendsday. But also wendsday I notice that the hair near my whorl is less dense now. So I think it was breaking off. I don’t think it’s balding because it doesn’t run on either sides of my family unstick well into elderly years. And the 3rd pick is my hair just normally minimally picked out and the 2nd is my hair brushed in different direction to see it clearer and the 1st is me parting the hair to see it. It’s not big, but I’d prefer to nip it sooner rather than later. Do I need to use Minoxidil or change up my routine. Also I think it may be affected by me using a microwave heat cap. I have a big head so it’s usually easily to fill it at that spot because that’s where it’s touches. And my hair right there has always never been as dense as the rest of my hair but it wasn’t by this much just a very little (I think the whorl May be a looser texture than the rest naturally, also)"
visolana7,etduf1,Making a hydration butter and a protein mask so I can protective style my hair. Should I rock some twists or braids???&&&
EbonyBabes_20,etbh56,Do you have any idea 💡 to make your hair grow faster [or should i be patient & wait ✋] today is my 2 mths growth please and thnk you 🌹💞&&&&&&Ok thank you i know it's going to be long process but I'm will to try anything...I'll have to see if my local store have any of these products or shop online and I'm going look at vid on YouTube to see how other people do it ... Thank you for the idea have a good day ❤&&&Ok thank you i appreciate the idea I'll try to maintain good healthy diet &  again thnx u ❤
montero19,etbh56,"Remember your hair growth rate can’t be speed up, just maintained. That’s the goal to maintain homeostasis in the body, health, and length. There no quick fixes just dedication ❤️"
visolana7,etbh56,"Chia seed, rice water, rosemary oil. Drink lots of water, massage your scalp.  No matter what you do it's going to take some time just make sure you're feeding your hair and follicles and pay attention to how your hair reacts to things to find what will work best for you and come up with a routine. It's a process but if you stick with natural ingredients you can't really mess up"
Jessknotty,et7tnm,Natural hair&&&[removed]
Happy_furMa,et65l2,You look gorgeous! ♥️
Not-Yet-Cinnamon-Bun,et65l2,"Girl you look amazing, killin it!"
TasteOxygen,et65l2,"Rocking my natural hair and enjoying every moment of it. It took me 5 hours to rod it. Can somebody say shoulder and neck kill. 😏 Don’t know if I would do it again.&&&&&& Yard it is.&&&Thanks darling, it was a funeral.&&&Thanks sweetie&&&Thanks sugsug&&&What a complement! Thanks hun.&&&For sure. Was not product heavy at all and I liked it.&&&Thanks living for beauty 😜&&&For sure darling."
Toastayy,et65l2,This looks like Jamaica
anonhoemas,et65l2,Was this for a wedding? You look beautiful!
beautyliving,et65l2, You look amazing ♥️
doowopthatthing_,et65l2,"Nia Long, is that you?

Edit: on first glance, lol. Beautiful!"
hairzing,et65l2,"Worth it!!! But yes, there are easier ways :)"
visualdigitalmarket,et65l2,All white ..
beautyzoneuk,et5t7y,"Dr Miracle Hair Products | Treatment gel, Oil, Relaxer, Serum, Shampoo - Beautizone&&&[removed]"
beautyzoneuk,et5p6c,"Buy Taliah Waajid Children products, Conditioner, Hair Wash - Beautizone&&&[removed]"
poo-boi,et4s3f,Is this Italy?
readyforthisyep,et4s3f,Your hair will keep you warm!
shibbieee,et4s3f,"Oooh, where is this?"
tachs4breakfast,et4s3f,"Braving this cold (cold!) weather with my hair out. Wish me luck!&&&&&&This is in Savannah, GA! Cathedral of St. John the Baptist, if you’re curious.&&&Sadly, no haha. This is in Savannah, GA.  :)"
BloodOnTheTeaLeaves,et4727,"When i remember to, I apply leave in conditioner while still in the shower after shampoo/ deep conditioner. It usually keeps my hair better moisturized/ detangled (though i often forget, which I regret every wash day smh...)"
JustLurkingHereMan,et4727,"Have you tried flat twisting your hair? My hair used to get super tangled when I put it in 4-6 braids, but since I started flat twisting my hair (12 twists), it's gotten better."
azuredemure,et4727,Are you putting product on or just leaving it out naked?
nomadanddog,et4727,Your ends might need a trim if that's where it's getting tangled
okiedoks,et4727,I feel like whenever I detangle my hair after washing it it gets so tangled again when it’s dry and becomes unmanageable. Any tips on how to keep it (relatively) tangle free?&&&&&&i put product on and then put in four braids usually. But when i take those braids out my hair is usually dry and then gets tangled
goon_goompa,et1mh2,Do you clarify?
qessia,et1mh2,"dry hair that’s still very oily?&&&i have 4b hair and after moisturising my hair can feel very oily and dry like i haven’t even moisturised it in the first place, any tips? low porosity too!!&&&no i dont"
