index,id,comments
TeaLover315,iwsxi5,"Talk to your doctor, you likely need a medicated shampoo"
blackporsche22,iwsxi5,"HIGHLY recommend Sulfur8. I used to use it years ago when my flakes were really bad growing up and since then I've never seen flakes again, literally. (Be weary of the smell though, it's quite strong but it's worth it.)"
gaia_de_gaille,iwsxi5,"Concerned about my scalp, any help?&&&I’m really starting to worry about my scalp. It’s been three days since I washed my hair and it’s covered in flakes. They’re bigger than last time as well. I’ve noticed that even when I clarify my hair nothing works, a white residue stays on my scalp and when it dries...flakes. They’re not oily, just dry and white. My mom thinks I’m overreacting and that it’s dandruff and that I just need to “leave my hair alone” 🤦🏾‍♀️ I’m pretty sure this isn’t  normal at this point and I think this might have a reason to do with why my hair doesn’t seem to be growing much. My hair looks dull after I wash it and my scalp just looks dirty. Does anybody have an idea of what I’m dealing with and what I could do to fix it? I appreciate it.&&&Okay, thank you!"
loveyouumore,iwri0v,"Canvas beauty brand products?&&&Hey y’all, there’s this brand all over my insta and FB timeline with glowing reviews about the hair growth serum...has anyone tried this stuff or any of their other products by chance? Can’t find much customer info about it besides in the comment section of those posts! Thanks 🤍"
Jasmisne,iwrdol,"I have never tried this but yesterday a friend asked me to research the science of this for her (I am a medical researcher and my background is in chemistry). Some people are putting miconazole (yeast infection creams such as monistat) in their hair for growth. 

My conclusion after looking into it is that I cant say for certain it would work. But we do know this: everyone has a microbiome on their bodies (we have billions of cells and trillions of microbes on us) and the key to a healthy biome is having a good balance of fungi and bacteria. Any number of things can screw up the microbiome, and it is not always visible to the naked eye when something is out of wack, and it has been shown that too much yeast is something that can cause hair loss. So if your hairloss is caused by a microbial imbalance (something easy to do on skin, especially in moist environments like the scalp), then trying to add some miconazole would theoretically help, and plenty of anecdotal evidence is out there. 

Given it is a low risk thing, if I was suffering hair loss this would be the first thing I would try. If you google miconazole for hair loss there are tutorials about how exactly people have applied the cream. 



Good luck!! I hope you find something that will work to fix this and that you can style in all of your favorite ways again soon!!:)"
No-Garlic1241,iwrdol,"Thinning Spot in Crown&&&Hi everyone!

I am so distraught about the thinning spot in the crown of my head ( I was going to add a photo but I can’t figure out how lol). I’m mostly sad because I have to stay away from braids or any extensions, which I love.

I believe it could be CCC Alopecia but I have not had a biopsy yet so I can’t be sure. I’ve seen two different dermatologists and am putting clobetasol on the spot. I feel like I should be doing something more. Does anyone have any ideas or dealt with this before?

I guess I just needed to vent/seek advice.

Thanks for reading!&&&You know what, I’m definitely going to try this! Thank you so much! I’m going to give it a try because I have a bad history with yeast and fungal infections. I decided to go ahead and give the injections a try as well, I want to do everything I can while I’m still in the early stages"
blackporsche22,iwrdol,"I don't have much advice but I noticed my crown started thinning because I'm always always touching and pulling that part of my hair subconsciously, and I noticed when I started to do it less by catching myself when I did it began to grow back more. I heard it's also good to make sure when you work with your hair in sections to make a section specifically just for the crown section."
apple-pen,iwmjl7,"There is sunscreen for hair. You might like to purchase it and use it daily like you'd do with a regular sunscreen you use on your skin. You don't need to wet your hair to apply it. Also if you sleep on your back it could also be the cause of the brown breakage. Get a silk or satin hair bonnet or pillowcase. Make sure you are extra gentle with that area now. Wearing a scarf like you said or a hat during peak sunlight hours might help reduce the sun damage.   


Make sure you deep condition your hair once a week  and moisturize your hair often. No yo don't need to protective style but if you don't you need to be extra careful to not over-manipulate your hair."
librarydeweycongress,iwmjl7,"Heat protectant...from the sun?&&&Y’all. I big chopped last year after transitioning for a year. I get trims every three months and my hair has been healthy and growing. Everywhere but the middle! I got a press for the first time since quarantine and my hair was armpit length and some parts of the back were super long. 


But the middle. The MIDDLE. Y’all. The crown section was barely two inches long even after being fully straightened. I asked my stylist to just cut me down to the length of the middle and said goodbye to all my hard work. It will grow back and it wasn’t super hard to part with it because the longer hair has been annoying to take care of and I’ve missed my TWA. So nobody feel too bad! 



But I just want to make sure that from now on, it’s healthy and happy. I’ve been looking at stuff online that says the crown is prone to Breakage, being short, dry, and a different texture. Apparently the sun can really damage it too! I just graduated from college and always let my hair air dry since I spent so much time outside (walking to class, studying outside, hanging out outside, exploring my college town, and I was a referee for outdoor sports/a lifeguard). I’m wondering if all this sun exposure made my crown more susceptible to breakage. Now I have a job that keeps me indoors, but I live in the southern US so the sun is literally unavoidable. The fluorescent lights at the school I work at probably also don’t help. 



So how do I protect my hair from the sun? I’ve seen some websites mentioning using specific kinds of oil (seems kind of counterintuitive) or things like the bumble & bumble spf hair spray for hair. It seems like the people using this are white/have loose curls or straight hair. My hair is 4b and 4c so I’m wondering if it’s worth trying those products for me. Also the frequency of the product usage? I shampoo once a week and co-wash once a week, sometimes twice if I’ve worked out a lot. Would I be applying this spf spray/oil daily? Would my hair need to be wet? Would I need to up how often I wash my hair?



I think I’m going to buy a UVF shawl and cover my hair like those women in the 60s if I go outside. But I would still like to air dry my hair! Maybe I’ll get my car windows tinted or something lol. 



Lastly, my stylist said that instead of leaving it out, I should do more protective styles. That’s such a bummer to me! Is this necessary? I love having my hair out natural. I use silk pillows and a bonnet in bed. I try to not manipulate it too much. I have a sensitive scalp and I just hate twisting/braiding my hair but may reconsider if y’all think it will really help!



Sorry for the word vomit! Does anyone have the same problem/any solutions? Thanks y’all!"
ItsALyndsay,iwgysy,"I took a blow dryer to my hair for the first time in years. I started wearing my hair natural about 4 years ago, before which, I wore microbraids and my hair was broken and damaged. It's been a journey, but now my hair is big and healthy!&&&&&&I do! I'm a piano and voice teacher."
agrrro,iwgysy,Do you play that piano?
baddieb_barbietingz,iwgysy,"You're so beautiful! May your hair flourish, friend ✨"
evolsievolsievol,iwgysy,"A little heat has been the trick, I swear!"
noneofyourbusiness17,iwgysy,beautiful!!!!
ragekej,iwgysy,Gorgeous hair!! 😍
DaWaterfacedMouse,iw4n7r,Soft cotton type hair 🐭👉🏼
TeaLover315,iw4n7r,A blowout is only temporary. It only lasts until you wash your hair or moisture is introduced.
httpantwon,iw4n7r,I had a blowout for 7 months and I’m trying to see if my natural hair is really growing back. Does this look natural to y’all? I have 4b hair&&&
jaejaeok,iw4n7r,Yes it’s natural. A blow out isn’t a permanent process that would make you un-natural.
Cheez30,iw3ysg,No its not true. It may look like that its not going away but you just need to keep trimming. Your hair will grow it out. BUT there is an scurl extra strength version that can burn your scalp like it did to me and it may change your follicles which then changes your curl pattern if left more than 5 mins. Although i may be wrong cause hair is made under the skin not on top so it may not matter at all.
Classyassgirl,iw3ysg,"Anything you put on your scalp for a while or repeatedly can alter the follicles. 

We find perm residue on skulls and under the skin of dead people who did it, it's not a stretch to have these products change the follicles"
apple-pen,iw3ysg,"No. What this person means (I suspect) is that it does not go away from the hair that has been processed with the scurl texturizer. The new growth grows unprocessed which is why the roots are thicker. There are several scurl products, so be aware that this is speciifically for the texturizing products."
corysilk,iw3ysg,If this were true relaxers would cost thousands of dollars.  They not about to sell you a product that lasts a lifetime for $7.99 :S
hipyoungmom,iw3ysg,Lol. No. It will grow out.
httpantwon,iw3ysg,Is this true??!🤦🏾‍♂️&&&
DemiNoPipoka,iw2yuy,in my very honest opinion you really need to work in your parting technique. It is not looking so good. Your hair is still short so smaller sections would make a neater look. And try braid the first half inch with three strands and then twist the rest... It will look a lot better.
Roarfhbhj,iw2yuy,Good job. Tips: Use a rat tail comb to part for cleaner parts. You may also want to try elastics at the roots If they tend to puff out
Tamibear1,iw2yuy,Good job!
WirklichSchlecht,iw2yuy,"Ehh the parts seem fine to me, but t i like grab and go looks. I saw keeping chugging along and getting used to maintaing an even tension. Good job overall!"
corysilk,iw2yuy,Looks better than we I first started doing them!  If you plan on wearing them for a while and redoing them you should break each twist up into two seperate twists!  Its a easy way to get mini twists without starting from scratch.
mburu44,iw2yuy,My 3rd time doing twists. How did they come out?&&&
Effective-Revenue-18,iw2f15,Natural & Loving It&&&
TheAwkwardOne-_-,iw0ugc,How were you able to retwist them? I wanna retwist my boyfriend's dreads someday
WhildChild,iw0ugc,Retwisting my boyfriends locs & found these perfect coils that came undone. 🖤&&&
oldbellur,iw0ugc,I lowkey love this stage and seeing the perfect little curls coming out before they get twisted back in. They’re always so long and so cute. Idk makes me feel warm
1faith3pens0excuses,ivwij0,For me using heat while deep conditioning and after I put leave in conditioner in my hair helps a lot (both of these processes occur while wearing a shower cap).
Fisherred,ivwij0,I had this problem until I found out what my hair likes. I use Aloe Vera & Aloe Vera base gels...and honey based leave ins.
Shigeko_Kageyama,ivwij0,Drown it in shea butter and coconut oil. Get that real nigerian shea butter and make a 50/50 mix with coconut oil and then lay it on as thick as you can stand. Then go about your day as it dries. Argan oil works too but it's very expensive.
badwnames323,ivwij0,"What products do you use? Try using a conditioner in your routine. Condition before shampooing. Dampen your hair then, use a leave in conditioner then use an oil or butter to seal the moisture&&&I cant see your reply for some reason. But yeah, try different brands and see what works better&&&Nope, but i got a notification"
httpantwon,ivwij0,"Also, my hair won’t stay soft or moisturized for shit. Nothing I try keeps my hair soft! It is immune to staying soft! Does this happen with anybody else?&&&"
yesinia_s,ivwij0,I use sheabutter and sunflower oil to lock in my leave in conditioner
EloquentElixir,ivw0df,"Length and moisture retention. Ive always had shoulder length/BSL hair when it was permed, but I stopped about 5-6 years ago and tried to go natural but had no real knowledge so I failed....twice. until I finally big chopped last year and now its thriving 🥳"
LadyTK,ivw0df,Length and volume.
sooziewuzie,ivw0df,"Hair Goals&&&Just curious what are you guys' hair goals and what you plan to do to achieve them? 

Personally I want shine and volume."
Ok-End2849,ivu3bu,FROM WIG WEAVE 2 NATURALE HAIR&&&
EloquentElixir,ivt8yo,"My fine haired 4c folk, how do braids work for you?&&&During my youth I always had a perm, a badly managed one at that, and would sometimes get braids. This would ALWAYS result in bald spots on my edges or bad breakage. Now that im natural and actually taking care of my mane ive been thinking about getting braids again, but since fine hair is prone to breakage and dryness its probably not the greatest idea and yet....the appeal is undeniable. 

Has anyone had any luck with braiding their hair? Or have any styling tips for someone like me?&&&How long would you say is too long?"
UrDadsFave,ivt8yo,You just have to make sure your hair is moisturized before you get them and throughout having them. Don't leave them in too long.
LadyTK,ivmi17,Wetline seems to be the new gel of choice for people.
SashayShantae94,ivmi17,Eco Styler would never dry for me. (Thick 4c hair) I tried several different ones and they wouldn’t dry. I only used gel for ponytails/buns so I had to switch because I was tired of it puffing up from wetness. I switched to the old school Ampro Clear Ice gel and I don’t have that problem anymore
Western-Text,ivmi17,"Hair won't dry with gel&&&I have super thick hair and it looks good with gel but it won't dry. Once I even blow dried it for literally 4 hours and it still didn't dry all the way. 


If I leave it wet it starts stinking bad the next day.

I have to put a certain amount of gel in my hair to make it assume the style I want. But it never ever ever dries. How do I fix this?


Used Eco styler olive oil and argan oil&&&Thanks so much for this. Does ampro clear weigh your hair down enough to make it fall??&&&Does it dry better?"
httpantwon,ivklar,I’ve been having a blowout kit for 7 months now and I still haven’t seen a natural curl pattern grow back. I still haven’t felt my hair’s full strength when it gets wet. It just feels weak like it did when my mama put the kit on there. Why is the blowout not growing out?&&&
