index,id,comments
fckboyce,ey1b02,"Faux goddess locs right for me?&&&Hello, I want to get short goddess locs for when track season starts but i’m not sure if i’ll be able to pull them back into a ponytail. It seems like they’re kind of stiff so does anyone know if i’ll be able to easily tie back into a ponytail? sorry if this is a dumb question but I can’t find an answer on google&&&ok sounds good. They just look so thick that I feel like the jostling that comes with track and field will make the hair tie slide right off!"
khephira,ey1b02,Maybe you could get crochet locs? I love faux locs and have worn a lot and I find that the crochet variants are a bit more flexible right out of the pack.
mumbojumbocandy,ey1b02,Yes you will be able to put them in a ponytail. Idk if by short you mean a bob but goddess locs are made of human hair. I’ve had stiff yarn locs touching my neck and could still style them. Just get a strong hair band
Sagarkumari,exyogd,For more videos SUBSCRIBE(SAGAR KUMARI LONG HAIR VIDEOS)&&&
Sagarkumari,exym4s,For more videos subscribe my YouTube channel(SAGAR KUMARI LONG HAIR VIDEOS)&&&
PunkGF,exxsoh,"I use gel and instead of picking my hair, as I feel that causes damage, I take some serum in my hands and scrunch the gel cast out of my hair. I get volume from doing this, but its still defined and lasts until next wash day."
haireveryshare,exxsoh,"If you need to pick it for volume, then maybe it doesn’t‘need’ gel, even if the rest of your length does.  Could you try applying gel only from the about and inch and a half away from your scalp? maybe using a leave in on the roots and gel on the ends?"
hpeworld,exxsoh,picking wash & go&&&does anyone have that problem where your roots are too hard to pick your hair for more volume after doing your wash and go. i do my wash and go let it dry and the next day i wake up and i can even pick it because it’s so hard from the gel at the roots :(&&&ah thank you
Jlm6745,exxsnl,What haircut should I get? (the link has haircuts that I’ve had)&&&
Maddyfan678,exv7b8,Working out with Weave&&&I just got my first sew-in and I was wondering if it is possible to wash my hair underneath every two weeks if I workout? Also is there any tips on maintain weave and your hair underneath when working out.
rolloicecream,exv7b8,Straight weave? definitely.. I wash once a week. Curly/kinky hair is pretty much a no for me so I can only wear those style for 3wks.
WasabiIntrovert,exuwyi,"How do I prevent my hair from shrinking again?&&&After drying my wash and go, I’ll stretch my hair using the banding method. At night I’ll put my hair in a bonnet or a pineapple and wake up to my front of my hair reverted to its shrunken state before I stretched it. I do not sleep in the bands because it leaves indentations and it overstretches my hair. How do I prevent this?&&&Thank you. I’ll try the 2 braids method."
haireveryshare,exuwyi,"I know whenever I stretch my hair is has to be slightly damp, and then left to dry that last little bit in the stretched state. 

If you’re letting it fully dry, then applying a stretching method on dry hair, your stretch is going to be ‘superficial’ and temporary.

The catch is that when hair is even a little wet it’s more vulnerable, so when stretching slightly damp hair just be extra gentle. 

If it were me, I would let it get 90% dry to were the curls are nearly set, then make two big braids on the sides, (or however many necessary) and let them completely dry before unraveling."
iridescentleandra,exulh9,"I would first ask to read this company policy and then go over whatever documents you signed when you got hired. If this is food service, you should be encouraged to wear a hairnet under your cap anyway. Are these hats provided by the company? If so they might not have visors available. But if they're just plain caps then what's stopping you from wearing a visor with a hairnet?

What I did when I worked in food service was put my hair in loose flat twists, put a wig cap or net over it and then put my hat on top of it."
mecraziiiii,exulh9,Cornrowsssss
melissafaith,exulh9,I always cut out the back two panels of the cap and do a mid-puff(?) it was a cute quick style before I cut all my hair off lol
okiedoks,exulh9,"Does anyone have any tips on how to fit 4c hair under baseball cap?&&&So I have to wear a baseball cap with a velcro backing for my job and for the past couple days ive been struggling with fitting my 4c natural hair under the cap and taking it off without my hair getting stuck in the velcro backing leading to a lot of breakage. Usually i wear my hair in a pineapple when im not at work and before work i try to force it into a bun to fit in the cap. Does anyone have any tips on how to make this process easier so i can stop this breakage? 

&#x200B;

P.s i asked my boss if i could wear a visor or hair net instead and he said it would be against company policy"
docdriza,exqi2r,"DIY frowhawk cut&&&I am a guy that cuts my own hair. Typically I just do a buzz cut. I recently realized I have a decent head shape for a frowhawk. Does anyone have any tips for how I can cut my own frowhawk? I've tried to watch some videos, but I could only find a couple. What I've done so far is OK, but I want it to be better since I am customer facing. 

Thanks in advance."
Shoryureppresent,exkkb3,"4c hair moisture problem&&&Hey everyone:
So, I've been natural since September 2018 and, as much as I'm happy with finally getting my curls to pop, they're dry and they shrink. I'm currently using a mix of products because they'll work for a moment, but then they stop. Here's my current list:
Shampoo & Conditioner: As I Am Long and Luxe
Leave in conditioner: Sebastian black oil
Curl Stretch Pudding from Shea Moisture mixed with Mielle Curl Smoothie
Scalp/hair oil: Keracare Curlessence (just started 1/29/20)
Cowash: Keracare Curlessence (also started 1/29)
I also use a mousse that I can't think of the name for atm. 
Moisturizer: African Pride Moisture Miracle Leave-In Cream or Mane Choice Heavenly Halo milk (started heavenly Halo 1/29)

I put my hair in a bonnet at night with a satin scarf to attempt to pineapple it at times. I use a wide tooth comb as I condition my hair and ( a friend suggested this) a wig brush to keep curls from shrinking.  I need help with products for my hair's shrinkage, moisture retention, and frizz.&&&I think I found some products that work for me 🤞🏾. I mixed my JBCO peppermint with Argan Oil and put it in a bottle. Then I used this lotion called (I'm dead serious) Can't Believe It's Knot Butta on wet or dry hair. When wet, I use As I Am Curl Smoothie, that lotion, and Shea Moisture Curl Gelee. My hair feels soft and moisturized all day. Then, when I go to bed, I'll use my oil mixture on my scalp and another dollop of the lotion. I definitely need to experiment more with the products, but I've noticed that a lot of products aimed for our hair type (Cantu being one) has alcohol in it. Isn't that a drying agent?"
mecraziiiii,exkkb3,"I had the SAME issue I was using ALL these products and my hair would be dry the next day I’d have to oil my scalp a million times a week until I have up and went back to HAIR GREASE. I mix blue magic with this  JBCO peppermint mix I bought , I damn my scalp FIRST and apply it then I damp my hair put my leave in on and apply a quarter size amount of hair grease to each sections and my hair is moisturized for daysss literally. Us type for 4 girls need more that oil to lock moisture in and for some reason people lie about hair grease ???? It won’t clog anything , try it out good luck to you !!!"
nathnychild,exkkb3,"So I have a combo of 4b and 4c hair and I have found the LOC method works best for my hair. 
I noticed you didn't list a sealant, which can help in keeping moisture in. JBCO or Crisco(old school trick) has done wonders for my hair and it is less frizzy too. 
 I have been natural for roughly 13 years and shrinkage  is just gonna happen no matter what you do.  You can lessen it by stretching it out, i.e. put hair in twists or loose braids at night and unraveling them in the morning.
Also, keep experimenting with products what works for one person may not work for you."
MrKros91,exh7u0,"Protect your hair at night. Get a bonnet, a durag or something for the night, and also, keep your hair moisturized with water + oil. 

I think you can buy a spray bottle and a bottle of oil for less than 10bucks

As for the oil choice you'll have to choose depending on your porosity.
Other than that, NEVER sleep without protection, and be patient 😊"
TimTamDeliciousness,exh7u0,"I’d also recommend trimming your ends yourself every 3 months, that will prevent breakage."
randomcat407,exh7u0,"Help&&&Im a young teen and I have natural hair (4b/4c) I love it but its short. (Btw sorry for some errors)

My hair is about 6 or 7 inches long so the only style I do is 2 puffs. I do them different sometimes like I braid them into the puffs just stuff like that. My hair use to be long when I was little but it broke off I guess I dont know.

Im might be getting box braids but til then I dont know what styles I should do my hair and how to get it longer. I tried to watch youtube videos but I dont have money for special things. Can anyone help?"
breaddit_,exb63j,"Sounds like you might have high porosity hair (it’s easy for your hair to get extremely moisturized/saturated, but it looses moisture just as easily). It’s pretty common with dyed hair. I have high porosity hair and the LOC method has been a life saver. There are porosity tests you can use to find your type. I’ve also seen high porosity specific products, but haven’t tried them yet.

Is it very cold where you live? The cold could be sucking moisture from you strands. Protective styling, weekly deep conditioning, prepooing, and co washing instead of shampooing can help combat this. I’d also suggest limiting wash and gos if you live in a very cold area (just for the winter)."
inamealim,exb63j,"Product/routine recommendations? (Fine Hair)&&&(On Mobile) 
My hair is very fine & it gets dry very easily. No matter how much I moisturize it, by the middle of my day, all the moisture is gone! This causes single strand knots & lots of breakage for me. I use a satin pillow case, and a satin bonnet, and scrunchies I use are also satin or velvet. I would say my hair is 4A & around the top of my shoulder blades when stretched, but shrinks to around mid-ear when wet. 

My routine is usually to do a Creme of Nature hair mask weekly for dry & damaged hair & do a full wash bi-weekly w/ Shea Moisture JBCO shampoo & conditioner. During the days in the middle, I wear a wash & go & re-moisturize with Shea Moisture JBCO leave-in & I also use Wild Growth Oil, which makes my hair feel softer. My wash & go gel is usually the Flaxseed Oil Eco. 

Should also note that my hair is dyed red, but was in the same condition before I dyed it. Please comment if you need any further details!&&&I’m not sure why I just saw this! But thank you for your response. I live in Delaware, which varies in temperature a lot, I’ve started using a few new products that’s drastically improved my hair(color safe shampoo & conditioner, different oil, different leave-in, etc.). 

Also, I’ll try prepping & co-washing as a lot of people seem to like it! Thank you! ❤️"
TuffTitti,exb1ls,"You can buy dollar tree products that work just as well as expensive brands, you can also ‘doctor’ the cheap stuff - I like to add coconut oil or olive oil to a cheap $1 V05 conditioner for a deep conditioner. You can add distilled water to the $1 conditioner to make a diy leave-in conditioner too"
coilyflowers,exb1ls,"I am a broke college student as well lol and I have the same hair type and what I loooooove to do is go to Marshall’s or tj maxx and they have great products discounted. (Including tgin) not sure how you feel about Shea moisture, but they have some nice products. I like the manuka honey mask, 10 in 1 mask, and coconut hibiscus hair milk. I can’t really recommend any products that I use that aren’t at Marshall’s or tj maxx. I’ve seen the mane choice, tgin, mielle, Shea moisture there for less than $12."
colors32,exb1ls,"Affordable low porosity hair products for moisture?&&& I'm a broke college student with type 4b/4c low porosity hair looking for some affordable natural hair products. I starting to run out of my stuff right now and even tho I've been natural for nearly three years I still haven't gotten my wash day routine on lock so i'm looking for some good leave ins, detanglers, deep conditioners etc. I could put on my hair. I was about to buy the tgin honey miracle mask cause I used to use it for a while then ran out but everywhere im looking that shit is like 17 dollars lmaoo 💀 and the last time I bought it swear it was 10."
astroblondex,exauvx,If you mix it with your favorite oil after twisting it should reduce any crunchiness/flaking!
dreams_do_come_true,exauvx,"Can you use Ampro Shine n’ Jam for a twist out?&&&Would it flake?&&&Okay, thank you!"
Bobelle,ex5lae,"Rant&&&I'm just annoyed. I feel like giving up. I just measured my hair and it's 12 inches long. That's a whole lot, even more so in my country. The problem is that it doesn't show at all. Firstly I'm quite tall so it basically looks half it's length and my hair has a loooot of shrinkage. Definitely more than the average 4c girl and I live in a humid area so at any given moment it looks 2-4 inches long. And my hair isn't dense at all so it just looks like I have teeny hair that was cut four months ago. Does anyone else have this issue?? Because I've been trying to grow my hair for so long and I'm finally at a typical ""natural guru"" length and this is basically no reward for it☹️. Obviously I'm not going to give up until my hair gives me my rightfully deserved accolades but it just gets so irritating...&&&Thanks! I'll give those a go.&&&I twist my hair every night😭&&&It shrinks a lot more than a normal 4c person. At least for most people, if their hair shrinks a lot it appears full, but that doesn't happen to me. It just looks like I have short hair. And I'm pretty sure fullness of hair isn't an only Eurocentric standard of beauty (I don't even think that's Eurocentric at all). I just want my hair to give me some accolades any which way."
ChelsMe,ex5lae,"Same situation. I’ve found that getting braids for a period helps me appreciate it again when i take them out. It’s like, I get tired of twisting it for it to shrink to jaw length regardless of what I do and start doubting the hair cut and the hair color and everything else to make it look better or something but then I get box braids and get to kinda reset my mind set. 

Hope they weren’t as expensive these days&&&Maybe consider banding or another stretching method at night"
HereticalBlackGirl,ex5lae,"I'm afraid you're going to have to get used to it. You can try twisting and elongating with perma rods, but our hair pattern automatically comes with the shrink.

Embrace it, it's actually really cute and perfect for low-manipulation and protective styles! My hair is now reaching way past my bra-strap, but it springs right back to a bit past my neck. 

If you really want to elongate, try the perma rods, and maybe something called 'African threading'. It's hard to do and tedious with the more hair you have, but it was effective for me."
Zengia,ex5lae,"Why is showing length so important to you? Our hair doesn’t grow straight, so it’s always been baffling to me that people still use straight length as a measure of success.

European standards of beauty, anyone?"
haireveryshare,ex5lae,light-skinned male sanctimoniously criticizing a dark-skinned 4c female for how she feels about her hair.
starjellyboba,ex5lae,"Something kinda related happened to me yesterday. Probably because I wasn't taking the best care of/paying attention to it, I had been under the impression that my hair wasn't growing much since my afro and hairstyles have (to me) been looking the same for a while. I recently got back on the haircare bandwagon and realized that if I stretch it, my hair reaches the middle of my breasts now, but you can't really tell because of shrinkage. I feel kind of conflicted about being happy at my growth anyway because I feel like all this stuff about length comes from the same systems that are built to praise white hair and keep us feeling ugly. At the same time, I can't help but want my hair to be as long and full as it can be. It feels like a step backwards for me because the whole reason why I'm here is to reject the ideals I grew up with. :/"
twdlB,ex5lae,"I agree! My hair isn't that long but my shrinkage is still something serious. If my hair was to get wet or soaked I would be walking around looking like somebody's son, which is why I have wet to do a wash n go. You'd think by now I would have learned to take my shrinkage into account when styling my hair but it gets me everytime. My hair would probably have to reach down my back when stretched for it all to be shoulder length. I think shrinkage makes styling hair a little more difficult."
EGrass,ex0s94,"I get mine interlocked ideally once a month; I can stretch it to two months if I’m running low on cash. I didn’t wash them for the first three months or so until they locked. Now I wash between once a week and once a month depending on the weather, my activity, where I’m living, etc. I also use castor oil and if the growth gets too long before I can get to my hairdresser I curl it (this won’t be possible until they’re long enough) which kinda obscured the growth and looks cute."
Izzy248,ex0s94,"How do you keep your dreads clean and looking nice?&&&Thinking about getting dreads again, and I was just wondering if there are any tips, or things I should know for keeping them looking clean and nice. Another piece of mindset of I have like, you cant treat them like normal braids, twists, individuals, etc. Whenever Ive washed my hair with braids or any of these other styles in, my hairs came loose really quick and looked all over the place almost instantly. Or is this a difference case for dreads?

Context:

I had dreads briefly before, but only for about 2-3 months. My mom basically harassed me until I got them cut. Also, at the time I didnt really know how to properly care for them as Im the only one in my family thats ever gotten them. Not to mention, a close relative had done them for me and she even said herself that she wasnt sure how to properly do dreads. So Im not even sure what she did could be called dreads (she did look at a few tutorials before she did my hair), but they looked nice. Well, because of all that I eventually gave in and ended up cutting them. This time around I plan on getting them again, and doing it right.

One of the reason why Im curious, is because I see lots of people young and old who have nice looking dreads. Dreads that look well kept and clean. But sometimes you see people whose dreads look kind of ratty and like they are falling apart. I see lots of athletes with dreads and they still look well kept, or even when Busta Rhymes had them they still look nice for as long as he had them. Or you have examples like say Lil Wayne, who had nice dreads for the longest time, but now they look like they are all over the place (also can anyone explain why they turned brown? Did he dye them or did it eventually change color?). Also my scalp tends to dry quickly so I dont want to have dreads that Im not able to wash every now and then and just end up with a mass of dandruff and hair

So yeah, Im wondering what I should do to keep them clean, and properly take care of them. Any advice and tips are appreciated.&&&Forgive my ignorance, but what do you mean by interlocked?
And I do remember the not washing often part being highly recommended...Im just curious because my scalp can usually get pretty itchy if I dont wash it every 2 or 3 weeks.
Also I do use Jamaican Black Castor Oil products. Right now I only use the leave in conditioner.&&&Ill check it out thanks!&&&Wow. I thought I put that info in the thing and forgot lol. Im 4C/4D with low porosity. And yeah I think when my ex got dreads she went to the same lady at a salon who dreaded them for her to get them retwisted I think for 2-3 months? Before she stopped going to her. Idk if she does it herself now or goes to someone else."
Zengia,ex0s94,"Just wash your hair 😂. It’s a myth that you can’t wash locs, getting your hair wet is what makes your hair loc. Our hair tangled as it dries, which is exactly what you need to form a loc.

I wash my hair two weeks after a fresh retwist, then weekly after. I could wash more often but it’s winter and I’m not trying to have wet hair when it’s 15 degrees outside."
legatron27,ex0s94,"If you search ""glamazini dreadlocks"" on YouTube she has a really great starter series on dreads!"
tisawitch,ex0s94,"What texture is your hair? That has a lot to do with how quickly and well your hair will “lock” and also will help you sort out how often to retwist/interlock and what products to use. 

My hair is 3C-4A depending on how it feels and how I’ve taken care of it lol so when I started my lock journey I had the worst time with the front of my head as opposed to the back. At one point I got butthurt cuz people kept asking if I was freeforming my locs because of how much attention the front needed to stay twisted. 

I eventually had to use stronger locking gels in the front that I didn’t need for the back. I also know that even now (2+ years in) that my front needs extra attention while my back needs extra moisture. 



So yeah TL;DR  your hair texture has basically everything to do with how well your hair will lock and what you’ll need to do for it. It also helps to keep wash/cowash days on the same day or close to whenever you decide to retwist."
NATURALKEISHIA,ex0cwe,I AM PRETTY BOOK FOR YOUNG GIRLS&&&[removed]
VM92DH19,ewzea7,"I need help figuring out my hair type and what products to use, it does this weird thing where it’s straight at the crown and super curly everywhere else&&&"
Worstmodonreddit,ewzea7,Approved
ildahysa133,ewzea7,"Mine is slightly less curly than yours and the only thing that helps keep the tops curly is to dry it in a t-shirt for a bit (I think plopp is the right term) and then when I'm ready to diffuse it I'll work some mousse into it and then diffuse with my head upside down until the top is dry. I hope this helps, I went through smth similar with my hair. If tha doesn't help, I'd say next time you get your haircut ask your hairdresser what they did to make your hair look nice."
mecraziiiii,ewzea7,Try doing a protein treatment to strengthen your curls so you can see your curl pattern more clearly !
CunnyCuntCunt,ewymyj,Edge booster and Oh! Thank me later edge gel. The brand is Oh!
Faux_extrovert,ewymyj,I use Gorilla Snot gel. Holds all day long.
Plutophiler,ewymyj,"For gel I recommend basic ecostyler, and if that doesn’t work you could try gorilla snot, or moco de gorilla hair gel (I use the yellow one). If you use that gel, please use it sparingly! A little goes a VERY long way with it!"
jnb1989,ewymyj,"I find misting my hair a bit, gel the edges, then tie down for about 15-30 or as I apply makeup works best for me."
joyontheinternet,ewymyj,"Best Products for Slick Back Styles&&&I love slick back ponytail and bun styles, but have had a hard time finding a gel that keeps my curly hair neat and laid. Any recommendations for gel or similar products??"
mecraziiiii,ewymyj,When it comes to curly/kinky hair and you don’t wanna use heat to get that slick down look I alwayssss go to extremes and use got2be gel or the freeze spray . As long as your hair is moisturized underneath and you take down the style in the right way you’ll be goooood!
CuteCat2085,ewu7dy,"Pineappling has never worked for me either. I also have 3c/4a, and I use a modified banding method. I separate 5 or six big-ish sections of hair, following my natural part, or the part of the next style I want (if applicable). Since I’m not trying to stretch the hair I only use 1 or 2 bands looped down each section (you may need more if your hair is really long), and am careful not to pull them too too tight. I make sure to keep an inch or two of my ends out of the band, and focus more of the tension toward the root (though not on the root, because breakage), in order to preserve the curl and combat the poofiness. Top it off with a bonnet and I’m good to go. This usually works for 3-4 days for me after the initial wash n go. 

I hope that makes sense. Best of luck!"
PunkGF,ewu7dy,"I have 3c/4a hair and when I sleep I do something similar to a pineapple but without the hair tie. I flip my head upside down and tie my scarf on so it’s sitting up because of the scarf instead of a hair tie. Also get a scarf instead of a bonnet.

Another method I have is using a silk scrunchie and and out my hair in a low pony, it’s loose, I don’t do multiple loops I just pull it on to keep it in place, and use my scarf. 

A scarf is better than a bonnet because you’re pressing your hair down vs a bonnet your hair is loose underneath it, that’s how the roots end up getting puffy."
SeminoleDollxx,ewu7dy,Pineapple it with a soft cloth scrunchie and bonnet her up lol
VM92DH19,ewu7dy,Following because this is my issue right now
Zaylyn5355,ewu7dy,"I pineapple. I put it really high and then as soon as i wake up, i take it down and then shake my hair and I'm usually good to go. I think the key is making sure your hair is moisturized from the wash and go so it's not stiff."
deveney2306,ewu7dy,I have 3c/4a hair I do a  pineapple tied with a loose scarf and when I wake I shake my hair. The back is usually a bit stretched at the root but it keeps a ringlet curl at the ends.
junebugg15,ewu7dy,Loosely tied scarf with bonnet on top. Shake out and fluff hair in the morning.
kaydieskreation,ewu7dy,I think high pony tail closer to the front would make a difference.
kesanetx,ewu7dy,"How do I sleep on my dried wash n go?&&&Hi! 
Im really struggling with finding a way to preserve my curls. I have 3c/4a, low porosity hair & when i sleep on my hair with a bonnet, i wake up with puffy roots & fucked up curls. I cant pineapple because once my hair goes up, it doesn’t want to come down (& vice versa.) Putting my hair in low ponies with a scrunchie usually messes with my curls too, as my roots get bigger and the bottom loses volume and gets a line from the band. 
I really wanna be able to preserve my curls so I dont have to wash it every time I want to wear it down.
Anyone else have this problem or have advice?&&&thank you!&&&thank you!!"
kuro_tan,ewu7dy,"I do the same thing! I have mix of 3b-4b curls and I do a bandless pineapple with a big satin scarf.

 My hair has gotten long enough now though that tucking the ends into the scarf causes frizz, so I'll put a bonnet over the top This way my ends don't lose definition and my roots are held in place by the scarf. It looks ridiculous, but it works for me. 

It usually lasts me 3-4 days, as long as the weather isn't too humid/wet (I live in seattle so in the winter I get about 2 good days)."
maddie4899,ewu7dy,"I have a mix of 4c/4b hair, I find that pineappling and putting a shower cap on my hair helps keep curls. In the morning I use a spray bottle to wet the roots before I take it down, then the rest of hair after taking the pineapple down. Then I use a spray leave in conditioner to maintain moisture (Carol’s Daughter Black Vanilla leave in spray is amazing). Not sure if this helps!"
shaidashh,ewu7dy,I have 4a/4b hair and I put my hair in four ponytails then put a scarf or bonnet on. But it still gets a bit dry and crushed so I rewet a few pieces.
simplysydneyx,ewu7dy,"3c/4a, low/medium porosity here. I also pineapple, but because my hair is about neck length, I have to use multiple sections. 4 to 5 puff using soft elastic bands closest to the scalp. I only loop them around each section of hair twice; don't want to stretch my roots too much . Wrap with a satin scarf (and use a satin pillow) and I'm off to bed. When I need to take my hair down, I'll spritz with a water/leave-in mix mainly at the roots, gentle fluff the sections, and let my hair fall for 5-10 mins. Then I'm good.

I find that my wash-n-go's last a nearly a week (or more if I'm careful)  if I use a gel paired with the shingling method over just raking product through my hair. A lengthy process, yes, but perhaps worth it.

I hope you find something here that helps."
syd_shep,ewu7dy,"I have fine, low-po 3c/4a hair too and I do a loose mid-ponytail with black hair ties. Pineapples might work for people with looser textures or coarse and thick hair. For me, even with armpit length hair, when my hair is its wng state, trying to pile it all the way up top in a pineapple really flattens and dries out the bottom of my hair. Doing a low one stretches out the top and does nothing for the bottom. So, mid-pony not pulled too tight (which will flatten and dry out the curls). I also have satin pillowcases so I don't have to worry about scarves or bonners."
chops_lee,ewhtni,Getting some length back ..&&&
Disturbia8081,ewcw1h,Yes yes to all of this
GardenLeaves,ewcw1h,I love it! The butterflies looks so nice in your hair
NATURALKEISHIA,ewcw1h,"Now that 2020 is in full effect!!
Grow your clientele by spreading the word threw my podcast channel, segment will be aired on multiple platforms not just on here. If you have a upcoming or current business, hair, skin, beauty journeys or products, jewelry, fashion, health advice or good deeds that you are doing for the general public.
RADIO PLATFORMS AIRED ON:
Iheartradio, Pandora, TuneIn, Google, Itunes etc.

https://anchor.fm/Fromwigweave2naturale"
SeminoleDollxx,ewcw1h,"Oooh and she had the very on trend snakeskin purse.

This is all kinds of beautiful"
UrDadsFave,ewcw1h,The beginning of Love Galore keeps playing in my mind. Nice reference.
astoldbyalexia,ewcw1h,I have a girl crush on you sis. You gorgeous 🔥
iggytheboywonder,ewcw1h,"This is sooo dreamy, how did you get your hair like this?"
loaferette,ewcw1h,Butterflies and melanin realness 🦋🦋🦋&&&&&&😂😂😂 thanks hun&&&Perm rod set in stretched hair with mousse 🤗&&&Thank yyoouuu 🤗🤗🤗
myvibeiztremendous,ewcw1h,🔥🔥🔥
raiventhegirl,ewcw1h,i love this outfit 💕your hair also is really gorgeous
