index,id,comments
inkbyio,i6wql8,I haven't heard this but I would say I've noticed better definition and less like...grabbing of the curls when I wet the surface of the sponge after I applied some leave in + gel to my hair then use it. I think this makes it softer but it'll make it fall apart faster fyi&&&I'm growing out my sides I used to have a mohawk tryna grow it out to just an undercut. Hope that helps 🙏🏿❤️
supagoglerz,i6wql8,Sponge + Growing Hair = Bad Idea?&&&I’m currently growing my hair out from going bald a few weeks ago. I want to style it or at least do something to it whilst its growing but Ive been told that the sponge causes breakage and isn’t good to use while growing your hair? Does anybody know about this?
fivetenash,i6tnjq,"We've removed your post because it violated one of r/Naturalhair's few rules. The rule in question is #2 - No Promotion: No blog, instagram, or youtube spam. We do not allow any promotion if you or someone you know personally gains from it.

Repeated violations will result in a ban. Please contact the mods if you have any questions. 

Have a wonderful day!"
naked_nickelback,i6tnjq,Type 4 Inspiration!&&&[removed]
shimerea,i6t5my,King shit
twaynenastyjr,i6t5my,My hair&&&
511lonette,i6rz7p,Getting updated ancient Egyptian type of beauty.
AnalTattoo,i6rz7p,You look fabulous!
memy97,i6rz7p,My first attempt at a Bantu knot out 😊&&&
myvibeiztremendous,i6rz7p,Love the hair but I love your eyeliner!! Where’s it from?
personwriter,i6rz7p,I love everything. The make up. The hair. Everything!
UnusualOctopus,i6rf8i,"I think some hair drops or not regardless of curl size and more to do with texture, density etc. I have the same curl pattern as you, low porosity, HIGH density and fine to normal size strands. Mind started dropping once it started touching my ears so about a year or so.

Edit: my hair tends to be pretty flat/lack of volume with a wash and go but I get great volume with a stretched style."
XxPrinceLightskinxX,i6rf8i,"How long did it take your hair to ""drop""?&&&3c, 4a here.

Been growing my curls out for about 2 years now. And ny hair wants to go out not down apparently.

Curious at what point you natural curl folk started to see a downward curl. I know it can take some time, but I wanted to get a response from some of your experiences.&&&Ahhh okay. Thanks for the response. 

I definitely need to learn more about prosity and density. 

Are there any good sites or YouTube vids on that topic?"
zzzzzzzzzzzzvzzzzvzz,i6rf8i,"My hair dropped after three years, it happened after it reached the lower part of my shoulder, I kinda miss it being “perky” tho"
Crowman1997,i6mey5,You have very beautiful curls
PeepshowToken,i6mey5,"When the quarantine hair color bug bites, but you're also a wuss...#justthetips 😅&&&&&&Thanks!&&&Thanks! Got the glasses from Voogueme 🙂"
grammargirl8,i6mey5,Love your hair & glasses!
jwes210,i6mey5,It’s looks great on you!
BabyGothQ,i6j2et,"You’re not being punished, although I feel you dude. It’s just that the hairstylist has more work to do for longer and deserve to be paid for their time and effort.

As for salons that tell you to come in shampooed, conditioned and blow-dried.. screw that noise. Highly with you there."
EGrass,i6j2et,This has happened at every salon I’ve been to on three continents. I don’t think we can escape it...
EliteBodSquad,i6j2et,"Tbh, if it’s going to take a lot longer I think they’re justified in charging extra for the service. But if it’s the same amount of time I agree with you.
I have very thick 4c hair, still have yet to find a hairdresser willing to work on my hair without heat/a blowout. A tad annoying but luckily I can style it myself, so I do."
FK510129,i6j2et,Amen! It’s one of the main reasons I stopped going to a salon.
Glum_Particular,i6j2et,"If this is happening at the salon that you go to, I’d start looking for other salons. I have very dense hair and not once have I been charged extra for getting my hair blow dried and straightened, or when I get my braids done."
LadyTK,i6j2et,"This is a good point. When my hair was longer, it took extra time to work with. And it tangled easily. It would be unfair for a stylist to charge me the same as someone without all the extra effort it takes."
Miraverick,i6j2et,I had a girl charge me double because i have so much more hair on my head than her. She was halfway through my haircut when she said it. I told her that was fine. Then when I payed I told her I included her tip in the price hike. Never went back.
Raeleenah,i6j2et,"Yea I really didn't know this was a thing until I lived in the East coast for a while. It was pretty crazy to find that my experiences in Black hair salons worsened when I was in a Black area vs a White one. I went from paying $60 for a wash, blow dry, and straighten to upwards of $90. 

I think back home I would come across people charging extra because I have long hair, which I felt was understandable. I was so confused the first time someone asked my hair type over the phone for an appointment haha. But yea, it is definitely unfair."
RandomUser951t,i6j2et,"Me and my roommate used to call this the “$20 negro fee” that they charged for “natural hair” at a salon nearby us. We went to school in a white area and the salons didn’t seem to know how to do black hair. 

I learned how to do own."
Riungufaith,i6j2et,I've had the same experience.I do my own hair now and I love it.I don't use heat at all and I'm loving it
Sema225,i6j2et,That's the most ridiculous thing I've ever heard. Absolutely bollocks. Its times like this that makes me glad I leapt early on to learn how to make my hair and avoid salon hassles!
TheJazmineRose,i6j2et,That’s hair discrimination&&&Notice how YT women can go into their own hair salons and pay no mind to how dirty or thick it is😸🌝
Tough_but_fragile,i6j2et,Any natural hair salons in your area? They would know better for your hair anyway.
Zapatogirl70,i6j2et,I have had the same problem. That is why I do my own hair now.
b_yourowninspiration,i6j2et,"I think it’s ridiculous I have to pay extra for having “thick” hair whenever I go to the hair salon. I can’t control the type of hair that grows from my scalp! It’s almost like I’m being punished for something I can’t control.&&&
Rant over.&&&I moved not too long ago, and I’ve been trying to find a hairstylist. I literally drove to my old stylist (who is hours away) because I haven’t been able to find anyone in this area. Just browsing through salon sites, and it almost feels like they don’t really want to do hair. The sites usually say to come in with shampoo, detangled, and blow-dried hair. Like, isn’t that the hairstylist job? *sigh*

Then to add insult to injury, I’m being charged extra due to having thick hair when I basically did all the work here lol.&&&Ehhhhhhh up until college I had the same “old school” hairstylist that my mother had, and she never charged extra due to my hair being thick. I guess I figured it should be understood if you go into the hair industry everyone won’t have the same hair type, and as a result, a hairstylist should just work on handling the hair accordingly. I still can’t bring myself to believe that should include charging extra for something that can’t be controlled.&&&I’ve read some horror stories about irreversible heat damage because of the amount of heat used, and relaxer being mixed in shampoos at some Dominican salons. I can't bring myself to take that risk :/"
cynicalself,i6j2et,"Ive started buying similar products and doing my own hair. Even when you go to a natural hair salon, they don’t always give the results you want. I might as well do it myself."
idkanythingatallever,i6j2et,Agreed!!!! I have shorter hair to my chin at the moment but it's super thick and dense so I pay what long thin haired girl pays!! BS yes you may have to use a little more product but so! Lol
ismololo,i6j2et,"That’s really unfair. And can we talk about how lots of black hair salons charge way more than their white counterparts. In London I am quoted £70-100 for something as simple deep condition and roller set/straighten. My hair is not particularly thick but it’s a little bit long. I have a good r’ship with a Russian stylist at my local place and she does it for half that price. And the way she straightens it lasts for easily a week or two. 

Once at a salon, I told this lady my hair takes about an hour to straighten and she had the confidence to tell me I was lying coz in her mind it would take 2h."
layethdasmackethdown,i6j2et,Go to the Dominicans. I've never heard them charging extra and I see them do all types of hair.
randomizer302,i6j2et,Yes. I got stung with a long hair fee that tripled the cost of a roller set at a black owned salon in the US. I bought a hood dryer and rollers for less than the cost of that roller set.
stargazer9504,i6j2et,"I don't think you're being punished because you have think hair. It just takes longer to style thick or long hair so of course the hairdresser would charge more. That is how the economy works.

For example, it would take far longer to clean a studio apartment vs a three bedroom apartment so a cleaner would charge more to clean a three bedroom apartment."
trashleybanks,i6j2et,"I hate when they do that. My hair is curly and the shrinkage is real. But any decent stylist, especially an experienced one, would know right away that my hair is thick and would be lengthy if it’s straightened. But she waited until my hair was 75% done to tell me the “adjusted price” since she “didn’t know” that my hair would get so long. 🙄"
Illernoise,i6exff,These are extremely cute and neat! What did you do?
JDnice804,i6exff,Your ends look good! You can tell your hair is healthy. 💕
Jhmesi,i6exff,They real juicy!! What products do you use?
Lovedomi86,i6exff,I’m think I’m getting better every time I do my twist. Usually I would have braids but obviously because of the pandemic I just gotta stick it out till further notice&&&&&&I switched products. When I first started I was using Cantu but after using it; it did nothing for my hair. So now I’m using Creme of Nature Hydrating curling cream coconut milk for natural hair&&&I used my Mielle pomegranate & honey leave in conditioner with Creme of nature hydrating curling cream
UnusualOctopus,i6exff,They look so moisturized and juicy!
hustle4lucif3r,i6exff,"Looks cute, nice job! ⭐️"
LadyTK,i6a20x,I’ve never shaved my head before. But I would think I would still moisturize my scalp and maybe add a dab of growth oil too.
brownbaldie,i6a20x,"Shaved my head, when do I start using product?&&&I recently shaved my head after a long time of being relaxed and prior to that always straightening my hair. This is my opportunity to learn how to do and take care of my hair. 

So first question is when should I start putting product in my hair? And which products?

Right now my routine is wake up and brush my hair which is coincidentally the same as my routine before shaving my head. I go to my stylist ever other week, but she said to wait until I have enough hair to start our appointments up again."
AnalTattoo,i63b1w,"I know the feeling. Beautiful hair, btw!"
Jalsa1229,i63b1w,Use a boar bristle brush and good gel
PhysicsGirl122357,i63b1w,"Tried to do a slick bun, got this messy bun instead. I’ll roll with it...&&&&&&I definitely need to buy a silk scarf.&&&I know! It’s still so annoying tho😭&&&Thank you❤️&&&Oh I’ve been wanting a brush like that, Thank you"
aquamommy919,i63b1w,Half way there. Keep brushing. And have a scarf ready to tie it down. It'll help the sleekness stay in place
atlgeek87,i63b1w,I can relate lol
hustle4lucif3r,i63b1w,"You just have strong curls, it’s a good thing!"
vortexofnull,i63b1w,[you need a brush like this. brushes and smooths at the same time](https://www.amazon.com/dp/B07N4PCYTD/ref=cm_sw_r_other_apa_i_1XWlFb4ECJDZ1)
National-Attention-1,i60xhi,"Any tips for elongating type 4 curls?&&&I have type 4 combinatoon curls (3c,4a,4b) and my hair is really long but when I do twist outs or wash and gos it looks like I have barely any hair lol my shrinkage is really bad. I’d like to do twist outs and gel days where i use gel to enchance and set my curls but not have it shrink ho so much. Mind you I have fine hair that’s high porosit. I also have a diffuser ive tried using to stretch but it seems to make my hair stiffen and not have any movement. Any one have tips or product combinations that keep hair elongated?  I have a list of products I can list later as well.&&&I try to do twists with gel but they end up really frizzy, that’s also another issue of mine lol, I mean if I use just leave in and gel, I have to do loc method to keep twists in my hair which I usually do if I’m not going to take them out. But when I wanna take them down it’s fine but not with gel and leave in, do you ever get this problem with yours?&&&I’ve seen his method a couple hrs ago but I wasn’t able to really understand it, but your explanation of it makes it more doable lol. I will try this as well because I’d like movement in my hair but as I mentioned it’s very stiff once dried.Do you think a curling butter would work with the gel for the dickey method? I’m planning to make one with Shea butter in it or would it be too heavy for it to work?"
destinyschillin,i60xhi,"I swear by Anthony Dickeys wash and go method for my 4c bra strap length hair. I haven’t figured out how to combat shrinkage yet but my tight curly fro is incredibly defined and moves and blows in the wind. This is accomplished by shaking my hair after I’m done styling it while it’s still soaking wet. It clumps my curls and allows them to dry separated for maximum definition and body. Try this next time you have a wash day: do your normal wash routine complete w/dc, then on soaking wet detangled hair, apply your leave in section by section (I do 4 big sections, it gets the job done) and be sure to rake it through your hair from roots to ends. Do the same with your styling products next on soaking wet hair (I follow up w/oil, cream and gel but I’m low porosity - you said you use gel for your high porosity hair so that sounds good). It’s important to keep the hair nice and wet during this for the last part: go outside, put a towel over your face, and shake it like a red nose pooh!! It’s gonna feel silly as hell and you’ll get product all over your back but GIRL. Let that dry however you do (sometimes I air dry for the whole day and diffuse my roots at night cuz it’s still wet and sometimes I sit under the hooded dryer for 45 min. Same results so far) and pineapple it at night to keep the definition and bounce. In the AM shake your head out again to get that beautiful bouncy wash and go!! I really hope this works for you!!!"
moulinrouge77,i60xhi,My hair is similar and pretty long but not much I can do with shrinkage with a wash and go. Usually I do a twist out with some gel then stretch the twists into a bun and leave that on for a day or two then I’ll let it go and my hair is elongated to my liking.
nurseonyx,i60xhi,"I use JBCO Shea moisture leave-in, EDEN curling cream, and a little bit of olive oil. I comb it through each  section of wet hair and twist it. My hair can stay twisted for a month without looking frizzy. My hair texture is the same as yours. I hope that helps."
ButtaBean097,i5r51x,I love your style! Not even going to lie theres a smidge of jealousy for how perfectly you knotted your scarf and how great it looks!
Feefy23,i5r51x,You’re gorgeous princess ♥️
OvertureStealer,i5r51x,"First time doing this double headscarf style; the other scarf is underneath in a bun. I love it! Perfect style for when my hair needs to be restyled but I don't have time to.&&&&&&Aw thank you so much! It didn't come out as good today so I gotta keep practicing 😅&&&It's hit or miss for me sometimes haha, it's a trial and error kind of thing until you figure out something that works, I think I even have different results depending on what scarf I use"
Urfavorganiccheeto,i5r51x,I never knew this style was called double scarf 🥴🤣 very cute. I wish I had scarf tying skills. Mines also come out floppy no what what I do even if I use a scarf underneath for structure :(
fresh_n_clean,i5n9wt,Started using the LOC method. How long before I see optimal results? How am I looking now?&&&
AnalTattoo,i5lray,"Wow, my edges will never look that nice!"
HandMadeDinosaur,i5lray,Honestly!
PhysicsGirl122357,i5lray,"Finally figured out how to lay edges&&&&&&Certified Bella beauty edge control&&&They will! I thought this for a long time too but I got it&&&I actually learned by watching a lot of people with type four hair do their edges&&&Thank you everyone! I honestly didn’t know how to do them most of my life and I learned recently (age 23!) on Instagram . I just used certified Bella beauty edge control (black owned btw) I brushed the edges out with a edge brush before applying the edge gel, then I slicked the edges down w the edge gel, then I used the brush to cut thrown in a horizontal motion. Like parting hair pretty much. That’s it!"
Raeleenah,i5lray,You sure did!
TheWalkingDead91,i5lray,If it took you a significant amount of time to learn how to with that hair type....my 4g hair doesn’t stand a chance.
fefelala,i5lray,Teach us your ways
incognetolaure,i5lray,Nice! What product did you use?
knowledgekey360,i5lray,Do Share! I be struggling!
shawnarae838,i5lray,Teach me next!
stainedwater,i5lray,share your secret omg
SugarsDimples,i5lnsy,Hey Fam!✨💛&&&
hair111,i5g7yt,"How do I maintain my twists?&&&I recently twisted my hair and when I went to sleep last night they all came out. I retwisted this morning and I want to know the best way to keep my twists in and lasting so they can lock and stay for a while. I was wondering if wearing a durag during the day or at night would help or if I should just plan on retwisting them every morning or not having twists. This is what my hair look like before and after twisting [https://imgur.com/a/oM0Jawl](https://imgur.com/a/oM0Jawl) lmk what you think I should do, thanks"
