index,id,comments
Adoreu2,ji18mn,"Might be a really stupid question: Can I use parboiled rice for rice water?&&&I don't have any organic or even regular rice in the cabinet right now, and bought a lot of parboiled rice in bulk recently (fiance are trying to save money during the pandemic) soooo is it a bad idea to use it for my rice water treatments? Has anyone tried it? I keep hearing these beauty youtubers say it's fine to use ANY rice you have and it doesn't matter but I had to stop and think when I was about to reach for my parboiled bag."
Classyassgirl,ji18mn,"You need the microbes on the rice to ferment it, and they die with boiling temps.

So any rice but cooked or partially cooked rice works."
M_Aku,ji18mn,From what I saw on YouTube boiling the rice gets rid of all the stuff you actually need. I just put the rice straight into a jar with water and let it ferment for 24 hrs to a couple days.
Theworldoflocs,ji0tgy,Self care Sunday’s www.theworldoflocs.com&&&
classic-kirbyotstars,ji0tgy,Currently installing passion twists. This is how I plan to care for my hair for a month.
ChickenHeadedBlkGorl,jhzb0p,"If you don’t know your hair porosity, start from there! Then that will lead you to what type of hair products you should get. Because I have low porosity type 4 hair, I check out natural hair YouTubers with that same hair type to see what kind of products I should get. I also look for more products by searching it on Google."
loseesally,jhzb0p,"After i take out braids or passion twists, what’s the best thing to do afterwards?&&&My mom doesn’t really let me have any control over my hair, but i have a job now, so i’m willing to buy my own products and hair. Usually, she just take it out, aggressively brushes it, washes, then deep conditions it. then finally, i have to sit under the hair dryer. I feel like my hair is dry and that i don’t have the right products right now. any recommendations for products or a better routine?"
satanic_panic_90,jhzb0p,"I try to be really gentle when I take my braids out, especially because I’m so bad at moisturizing while they’re in. I comb each piece after I take the hair out to get rid of the buildup and then go over it with a wide tooth comb before I wash it and then again while the conditioner is on. And then I do two strand twists with some kind of Shea moisture mask and either coconut or castor oil. No more brushing and no heat. But also figure out your porosity like the other commenter said. I don’t really know my hair type, 3 something I think, but I have high porosity"
tasfia_tasnim_56,jhz3zk,💃💃💃🤞🤞&&&
CurlyQuen,jhuxjb,Very pretty. You make me want to give flexirods a try
Tiffanetic,jhuxjb,Loving the results of my flexi rod set💕&&&&&&Thank you so much!😊💗
6lackPrincess,jhuuf2,My hair could never
LadyTK,jhuuf2,It looks great and kudos to you for actually answering people’s questions on here!
Tiffanetic,jhuuf2,Loving the results of my flexi rod set&&&&&&Thank You! I used Camille Rose Curl Love Moisture Milk&&&Thank You!😊💗&&&Thank you😊💗&&&Thanks so much!😊💗 I rodded it on wet hair and dried it for 2 hours under my bonnet dryer.&&&Thanks!😊💗&&&Thank You!😊
_pineapplylemon,jhuuf2,Gorgeous! What products did you use?
soopaaflii,jhuuf2,Looks great!!
soulfullIndividual,jhuuf2,Yasss that color and those curls are absolutely beautiful!
stfudj,jhuuf2,Wow it's gorgeous! The color is amazing!
tamoki30,jhuuf2,This is SO friggin pretty!!! How’d you get it to look so silky and smooth? Hooded dryer?
AnalTattoo,jhtgix,I can definitely see the growth. Keep it up!
Urikalynn_,jhtgix,"I swear you don’t notice how long your hairs gotten till you look at some old photos lol 

I was salty my hair hasn’t grown much the past year till I looked at some old photos"
astraeoth,jhtgix,Love your growth. It's hard to tell because of all the shrinkage you got. I love the Fro.
mumbojumbocandy,jhtgix,Found this old photo of me from 3 years ago and look at the growth! (Ignore how tired I am lol)&&&
MAliceCani,jhsbft,"This couple has been on a hair journey together! I wanted to share their page with you because I love how they are learning and doing everything from scratch, on this island with limited resources. 😍 So inspirational.&&&"
Starrywater,jhr4cw,"Am I detangling my 4c hair too hard?&&&I detangle only in the shower about once every two-three weeks. My hair dries super fast and makes my scalp super sore and itchy, even if I try to moisturize through the week.

I use a wet brush with my fingers because a wide tooth seems to literally do nothing for me. I try to be really thorough and make my hair so detangled that I can run my fingers through it, since this is what I've always been told it best. But the ripping and snapping are driving me up the wall.

I go slow, make sure my hair is doused in conditioner, and work from the ends up while under running water. But I'm still losing growth as soon as it comes. Am I doing too much? Too little?&&&The weird thing is I always have my hair in twists. But every single time the ends of my hair tangle into tight knots and when it's time to take out my twists I end up snapping all those ends off.&&&Darn, I've been trying to avoid buying new hair tools but I might have to spring for one. I've been using the Diane brush but I can't tell if it's too harsh.&&&Thank you so much! I'm gonna look into that scalp treatment, I'm sure I need it. 

I actually spray a mixture of coconut oil, olive oil, water and leave in on my hair every other day, but I don't think it helps my scalp and hair at all.&&&Thank you, that does help a lot. I've never used hot oil before.&&&Thank you!"
flirtandflutter,jhr4cw,"I agree with detangling once a week instead of 2-3 weeks. Also try out a tangle teezer...I found them to be more effective/gentle than combs, wet brushes, or denman."
likeheywassuphello,jhr4cw,i think you need to detangle more often. if i don't detangle for more than a week i get a lot of breakage. you might also consider twisting your hair or other styles that stretch the hair and make it less likely to tangle.
miaemo,jhr4cw,"You should probably detangle at least once a week. Not doing so will just lead to tangles upon tangles and it makes it harder to detangle when you finally do. Your detangling tool can really make a difference. Some people like Denman brushes, but I don't because they rip out my hair and are painful. I've tried the Felicia Leatherwood brush and it works ok, but I still had a difficult time detangling. Right now, I like the Michel Mercier and it is gentle and I don't lose as much hair. Finding the right detangling tool can help with the sore scalp if your current brush is ripping your hair out. As far as the itching, if you have dry scalp try a scalp treatment specifically for soothing and hydrating the scalp (Living Proof restore dry scalp treatment was a godsend for me). Also, if you are only washing your hair every few weeks, I would recommend bumping it up to once a week and don't go more than two weeks. Product buildup and a lack of water on your hair and scalp can cause a lot of issues."
shonniex,jhr4cw,I had the same problem as you as well. I’ll tell you what I did I first gave my self a little trim. Dead ends lead to split ends and a ton of breakage trust me the quarter inch or two is worth it in the long run when you see how little hair you lose. Second I now Detangle before I wash. I do a hot oil treatment and detangle then. That’s literally what’s saving me now the oil really gives you slip and add a little conditioner to really have your hair soft and easy to detangle . AND DONT FORGET TO SECTION YOUR HAIR. I never used to and would just go in. You really have to start small and when you’re done detangling a section twist it up And make sure to keep it in those twist when you go to shampoo and condition. The twist keep it from getting re tangled during those steps. Hope this helps detangling used to suck for me so bad so I really know the struggle
supersizedlady,jhr4cw,You may need to change your conditioner.  When you use conditioner are you detangling before you actually wash or after you wash?  Are you using a detangling brush or just a regular brush?  A regular brush is not good for 4C hair.  Have you tried using a wide tooth come?  When you get to a knot are you ripping it off if it won't unknot or cutting it off?  My niece used to rip out her hair before she finally starting being more gentle.  I find that sometimes 4C hair can be more fragile because it does tangle so easily.  You have to be careful with what you are using.
treehugginghippiee,jhr4cw,Try deep conditioning treatments. In the salon they are more deeply nourishing. I'm a stylist with aveda I recommend you find a salon near you to try the botanical repair
123yougetme321,jhp2au,"Please help me figure out what to do with my hair. Dr. Miracle? Iyanla?? SOMEBODY!&&&I have a *lot* of *fine* strands of *highly porous* hair.  I’d say it’s 4a/4b. Can anyone relate and share their go-to products? Can you take me through a month of how you do your hair?

How often do you wash your hair?
What do you wash it with?
How do you style it at night?
What do you do with it when you wake up?

What do you use to blow dry/straighten it if at all? 

I blow dry and straighten my hair as a “style,” but lately I’ve just been asking my mother to braid it for me. 

Something I’ve noticed is my scalp sweats so much and starts to smell sweaty if I leave my hair down. If it’s braided it’s fine. 

How often do you moisturize you’re hair and/or scalp (whether it’s straightened or braided)? What do you moisturize it with?

Please help. For reference, my hair reminds me of Knarlei’s (youtuber) in her “The Best Way to Detangle Type 4 Hair” video.&&&When you deep condition, do you rinse it out? Have you tried aveda products?

The problem with high porosity hair is the moisture isn’t locked in as long. So I’m wondering how to lock in the moisture. Thanks so much for responding."
miaemo,jhp2au,"I have 4a/4b hair that I used to think was low porosity, but nowadays is behaving more like normal porosity. My strands aren't fine, but I'm gonna take a shot at helping you. A big part of developing a hair routine is trial and error and finding what works for you.

For me and a general good place to start, is to wash your hair once a week. Some might do it twice a week and others every other week. Once a week keeps my scalp clean and happy. I will use a gentle sulfate free shampoo for 3 weeks and then a clarifying shampoo on the 4th week to get rid of product and hard water buildup (it's also sulfate free, but a little more stripping than my other shampoo).

I usually pre-poo with aloe vera and an oil, the night before or the morning of wash day. I use this time to finger detangle my hair and remove shed hair. Then I wash my hair. I deep condition with a moisturizing conditioner under a heat cap for 30 minutes. Let it cool down for another 30 and then wash it out. While I'm still in the shower, I put on my leave in conditioner. Every 4-6 weeks, I use a protein/strengthening hair mask. For high porosity hair, you might want to alternate between moisture hair mask and a strengthening mask each week (you have to find what works for you). High porosity hair doesn't really need heat to help products absorb into the hair, so you should be fine with deep conditioning with just a plastic cap over your head.

I mostly do twist outs. I will use a cream and then an oil to do the LCO method after washing. I've read that high porosity hair does better with the LOC method. I use this time to detangle with a detangling brush and then twist it. Because you have fine strands, you might want to use lightweight products.

My hair holds onto moisture fairly well throughout the week so I'll usually just fluff out my twist out with a little oil to keep that moisture sealed in. I used to moisturize every other day when my hair was really dry and I would just put it into two french braids (I was transitioning). You can re-moisturize as needed using the the LOC or LCO method. Spraying your hair with water can be the L or you can use aloe vera juice which high porosity hair seems to do well with. If you know your hair dries out 3 days after wash day, you should be moisturizing on day 2.

Make sure you sleep with a silk scarf, bonnet, or pillowcase.

Whew! That was a lot so I'm just gonna stop there. If you have questions, I'll answer lol."
starbaeatlantis,jhp2au,"I have 4a/b low porosity hair.  I normally wash my hair 1-2x a month. I've been using mielle organics babassu shampoo or the doux sucka free shampoo. Ive had good results from using the Shea Moisture low porosity shampoo ( the high porosity is good too). For deep conditioner: the tgin honey miracle mask. I used SM jbco deep conditioner last night and i really liked it. Also, each time I deep condition i oil scalp,  (optional). 

I've been wearing my hair in minitwists for the last month,  i have a spray bottle with water, jojoba and amla oil, and moisturizing lotion that i use 1-2x week to keep it moisturized and I oil my scalp about 1-2x week as well. Protective styles and the spray bottle have really helped my hair 
 
I think the key is being consistent with products that work for you (i had trouble with being consistent for a long time), give the products time to work.  And also creating some type of regimen that works ( its not as difficult as it sounds). 

Hope this helps."
123yougetme321,jhniv5,Do you sleep with a silk/satin bonnet?
bunnthrowaway,jhniv5,"What Do I Do With My Hair At Night&&& Hey Guys, my hair is at that phase where it’s not short but not long. Too long for me to just sleep with it out but too short for me to braid it every night. If I just leave it out it flattens and gets dry. If I braid it it takes too long only for me to unravel it in the morning. Honestly, I think this is the reason why my hair is at a plateau. Can anyone give me tips.&&&Yes"
miaemo,jhniv5,"Naptural85 has a video on how she pineapples her short hair that might help. It's called: How I PINEAPPLE MY SHORT NATURAL HAIR - Type 4 Curls - Preserve Short Natural Hair Overnight

(My comment got deleted when I posted the link.)"
mumbojumbocandy,jhniv5,"My hair is too short for a pineapple, what I usually do is just put four scrunchies on 4 sections of my head and put a statin scarf on, leaves my hair stretched after a wash n go but still defined."
wrayosunshine,jhniv5,"Is a pineapple out of the question? I usually put the back up with a satin scrunchie, then I flat twist the front."
123yougetme321,jhll9l,Silk/satin scrunchies! 😍
DommiesBlessed,jhll9l,I would suggest a hair tie instead of the rubber band. Why do you prefer the rubber band?
Kayde311420,jhll9l,I feel like that can cause damage or at least a weak point if you were to continue to do that. Wait until your hair is dry!
Significant-Ad2042,jhll9l,Help&&&Is it ok to leave your hair out with a rubber band around it after washing it? My mom says it’s going to cut my hair?
bandsandstories,jhljaa,"how do i part my natural hair and do twists?&&&hey everyone, i did the big chop in february so i’m pretty new to being natural. my hair has been super healthy and i’m taking good care of it, and now i think it’s long enough to start putting into protective styles. my issue is: i suck at it lol. i CAN NOT part my hair for the life of me. my hair is very thick, coarse and dense. i literally spent an hour trying to part my hair for mini/medium sized twists before i gave up. then, i tried twisting my hair after grabbing small sections with my fingers instead of it being in neat parts, and i twisted my hair tightly but regardless the twists still ended up super loose and just falling out? ugh, so frustrating so i just gave up on it tonight. anyways, do you guys have tips on how to part hair and keep your mini twists from loosening up and falling out?? and how do y’all part the back of your hair??? thanks.&&&thanks so much!"
likeheywassuphello,jhljaa,get your hair wet
miaemo,jhljaa,"I usually do twist outs so I don't worry about having super neat parts, but I usually use the a rat tail comb to part my hair evenly down the middle like I were going to wear pigtails. You can use a hand mirror and a big mirror to look at the back of your head to make sure the part looks ok (use a hand to pull one side taut if your hair is so thick you can see the part). If it's not ok, go in with the comb to fix it until it looks ok. Use a big clip or hair tie to tie off one side. I then use the comb to part the loose side of my hair horizontally into 3 or 4 sections going up my head. Once I part off a section, I do a Bantu knot and clip it with a butterfly clip or alligator clip. You can check these in the mirror and correct as needed, but I usually go by feel. Do this to the other side. You will then have 6-8 sections to work from. You can work section by section and part it more if you need to. But working in smaller sections makes it easier to deal with a lot of thick hair.

As for twisting, try twirling your hair at the ends to get it to hold. My hair is currently short and very thick so if my twist is too big, the ends won't hold well. I would suggest looking up a tutorial on YouTube for twisting your hair. Naptural85 has some good ones and that's where I learned how to twist and twirl my ends."
tjscott978,jhljaa,I use a twist cream or conditioner on my fingertips. Something to help my fingers slippery. I also find a rat tail comb helps with making parts. When i first started with twists I used the tiny rubber bands on the ends to keep them twisted. I'm the end it took time and patience to learn how to make twists the way I liked them.
DommiesBlessed,jhg46t,"Im sorry you’re going through this. Can you rock scarves, hats, or another hair accessory to give you edges a break? Especially since the weather is getting colder."
PigmentedLady,jhg46t,"Hair twists

Tuck or bobby pin. Dont let your hands hang as much. 

Also use wraps made out of material that decreases the chance of dryness."
creativescolour,jhg46t,"Hair breakage&&&This gonna be very long but any advice would be appreciated! 

I've recently really been struggling with breakage on my hairline, and I'm not sure what I should do. I recently got it cut short and have been rocking the twist comb style, but I think the constant combing (and stress) is causing my hair to fall out like crazy. Since the cold weather is coming up I think I might need a protective style but I don't know what to do with my hairline breakage. Does anyone know any good styles with no tension on the hairline? Or should I just cut my hair shorter and start over?

P.S. I have thin, low porosity 4c hair"
AnalTattoo,jhding,Marvelous!
Curlsandskin,jhding,So gorgeous love your hair and the painting behind you.
FemmeCaraibe,jhding,You are very beautiful.
KimDidThat,jhding,Quick little flexi rod set! ☺️&&&
Marieofthesea,jhding,All around beautiful. 💖
Natural7778,jhding,Okay miss Kim! You did indeed do that. 👏🏾
Primary_Aardvark,jhding,You and your hair are stunning! I love your tattoo too
marskie,jhding,Looks great! Love the shirt too.
pearbear22,jhding,"You are beautiful!! Though where the painting is really threw me off, I thought it was weird flex rods, lol"
atctia,jhagio,A leave in conditioner is a moisturizer. There's not really a need to add two moisturizers before your styler
bassperson98,jhagio,Put in a leave in after deep conditioning???&&&Hey y’all. So I’m new to the natural hair community. I just shampooed and currently deep conditioning my hair. Is it necessary to put a leave-in conditioner after washing out the deep conditioner or can I go straight to my moisturizer? I have low porosity hair by the way. Thanks!
ur_notmytype,jhagio,I have low porosity hair and I use leave in conditioner after I deep condition.
Fiorak,jh7s9y,"Just curious, why can't you get hair shears?"
inkbyio,jh7s9y,"Welllllll not great to leave em but cutting them with regular scissors is just gonna create the same split end problem because they're not cutting the hair clean like shears would. At the same time, the longer you leave it the higher up the split will travel. It's the same really 🤷🏿‍♀️"
nanihere,jh7s9y,"Is it better to trim like 2 years worth of ends (which need to go) with normal scissors or leave them for like 6+ months till I can get hair shears...?&&&I just haven't had the chance to trim my ends since like 2018 lol so I **know** that their struggling. I also know that not suing hair shears can cause more damage, which alernative is better?&&&cause it takes a while to ship overseas to where I live  (so i am getting them but not that soon)&&&yay! fun :)"
CurlyQuen,jh2uam,"Growth ... a year difference . It might not seem like a lot but I had 2 haircuts in between (not trims ) . I got my hair professionally colored and cut on Fathers Day 2020, it went from a brown (roots) to blonde . I have about 3 inches of new growth currently.&&&&&&About timeeeee. Took you long enough. Post a pic"
DommiesBlessed,jh2uam,BEAUTIFUL!!!
Lovenightingale05,jh2uam,Your hair is incredible
girlytomboyhypebeast,jh2uam,Heyyy girl
