index,id,comments
InTooDee,j9ex78,Definitely this. I wanna add healthy moisturized hair goes a long way to defining curls. I had issues with undefined frizzy hair til I got my hair to a place where it wasn’t constantly dry
Roseymaster,j9ex78,"does natural hair curl better the more you wear it out?&&&I want to start wearing my hair out more but I’ve been discouraged by the results.

I was wondering if the more I wear it in a wash n go the better it will look? eg less frizzy, more defined etc.

Can’t find much about it online so I’ve come here, please help! For reference I have 3c/4a low porosity high density hair"
_pineapplylemon,j9ex78,"There’s usually a reason for frizzy hair- usually damage, split ends, or humidity. I’d work on identifying and fixing the root cause"
duaadiddy,j9ex78,"No not the more you wear it out. It gets better and curlier the more moisture training your hair has had. That means making sure your hair is adequately moisturized, proteined (if it needs it), sealed and protected. You’ll fine that your hair retains moisture better so that when you wear it in ANY style, it will look great and healthy and yes, curly."
happyhippoking,j9ex78,"This. Also, the more you style it (and the better your technique gets), the more your curls conform. If you look at natural hair youtubers (EmbraceNaturalBeauty, Kimberly Cherrell, NaturalReign) that mainly only do wash n gos, their curls are trained to curl due to consistency in moisture training and smoothing the curls out."
AFishCalledWakanda,j9cpq6,Always been natural actually! This was weirdly due to the fact that I was adopted into a white family and my mum befriended this Sudanese woman who taught her how to braid. So my hair was always in braids growing up. I grew up in predominantly white areas and yeah people made comments but when you’re the only black person around being different was my normal. So I didn’t actually get the stigma till my teens. I tried chemically straightening my hair once and it didn’t take so I learned to get creative with my natural hair by dying it and cutting it. For a while I changed my hair every other week. Went all colours of the rainbow. Had a Mohawk on and off for a few years or different Dolores box braids. It’s only been in the last two years that I’ve started actually trying to grow and take proper care of my hair and do styles like Bantu knots or twists or even hair extensions that aren’t box braids. So yeah. I’ve always been natural because I was never taught otherwise. I never felt more lied to when I realised all the long straight hair I saw on black women were wigs and weaves 😅
Jumpy_Neighborhood10,j9cpq6,"I went natural at 21. That was 8 years ago now. I was in a strange place emotionally. I graduated college a couple years earlier than my friends (chose an easy major that was ultimately fruitless 😔) and was trying to make a life for myself in California. That was a long way away from my hometown in Florida. I was lonely and struggling to find work. I couldn’t afford to get relaxers. After 8 months of just wearing my already damaged hair in a small, sad bun with a scarf headband; I decided to cut off the straight hair and move back home. My hair is 4c and was one inch long for what felt like 3 years 😂 My mom hated it and thought it would hinder jobs and relationships for me. When I did go back home, I ended up getting a news producer job that involved working overnight. Since I wasn’t around too many people I spent the next 4 and a half years learning my new hair. When my hair was relaxed, it never grew past my ears. Now it’s boob length, strong, and even my mom talks about how beautiful it is. The new hair really increased my confidence. In my pre-natural days, I had never dated. I was very insecure in my looks (It wasn’t just my hair but that played a big part). I’m not saying my hair led to me meeting my husband, but I’m not, not saying it. The Bible says a woman’s hair is her glory. I use to wonder why God didn’t give black women any glory of our own. Turns out when we stop trying to make our hair into something it’s not, our glory outshines them all 😆"
MekhiStudios,j9cpq6,"Natural Hair Question for my Podcast&&&Hello! I'm working on a podcast episode about natural hair and I would love to hear about when you became natural and what it was like after you did it. Were you encouraged/supported, was it an adjustment, and did people treat you differently afterward? Thanks for sharing your stories!"
Visa777,j9cpq6,I big chopped in July and I am struggling...
duaadiddy,j9cpq6,"I was mercilessly bullied for my ""poofy"" hair throughout my school life, even college so I always straightened my hair. I hate to give any man credit, but my current boyfriend, seeing me out of the shower with wet curly hair, asked me why I don't keep it that way. Realizing my natural hair is beautiful, I went through trial and error figuring out the best way to maintain it. It was an adjustment but the compliments I would get were nothing I ever expected. And now, I ONLY feel confident when I wear my natural hair out."
Classyassgirl,j9clq8,"I use satin bonnets under all of my hair coverings. Sometimes I get the cheap ones and just put a few stitches in it to the hat/beanie I want to wear so I can just throw it on and go.

There is the slap, black owned satin cap with cute styles if you want to splurge. Amazon has cute knock offs. https://www.graceeleyae.com/pages/slapcap?utm_campaign=10980293021&utm_medium=116235864468&utm_content=Cj0KCQjw2or8BRCNARIsAC_ppya8xWG_Gor4RYl_ckEKjF3cCBCHtcLHVMecHwsaAfv-SQwD4JHOwTIaAoBkEALw_wcB&gclid=Cj0KCQjw2or8BRCNARIsAC_ppya8xWG_Gor4RYl_ckEKjF3cCBCHtcLHVMecHwsaAfv-SQwD4JHOwTIaAoBkEALw_wcB

I don't let any other fabric touch my hair, and my hair follicles are to sensitive for protective styles so I live in cute caps. There are even black owned companies making satin hoodies if you really want to go all out! If I had the money...

https://keepyourhairheadgear.com/products/satin-lined-hoodie

I don't find I have to do much more than pic my hair a little bit with this method. I hope you like them :)"
Grayson_42,j9clq8,"How do you manage wearing winter hats while having an afro?&&&I usually keep a mini afro but I struggle with it during the winters. I can't really wear winter hats as it messes up my hair. Even putting over my hood messes up my hair and I can't keep comb again. 

Those with afros, how do you manage in the winters?&&&Thanks for the tip. I'll look into those hats ur talking about."
PoliticsofOpinion,j9clq8,"I'm going to be honest and say you really shouldn't have your hair out in cold weather. Protective styling should really be your goto in the winter. Normal hats can pull out your hair, cold weather is drying, and as you said, it messes up your style.

But do some experimentation or try to find those hats for black people, owned by black companies. They're are lots of options there I think. It might be time for some Bobby pins or gel maybe?"
duaadiddy,j9clq8,I want to second the slap. It's a game changer and I wear it to sleep and also under winter hats. My hair is always moisturized and smooth.
flirtandflutter,j9clq8,"I have winter hats from grace eleyae. Not the slaps, which imo don’t quite look right for going out (I got asked if I was doing a deep treatment when I wore it out once :/) but the actual winter hats that are warm and lined with satin."
BlueMaroonLaflare,j9b85u,You’re so handsome😍
Kangaroo_Exact,j9b85u,You look so good! Congrats!
PettyPoet,j9b85u,"I was having trouble with my hair growth for a while, I started using liquid biotin like a month ago and it’s definitely made a difference. Still need some beard help but that’s besides the point lol.&&&&&&Thank you, yeah I didn’t know either but I heard it was more affective and I definitely see results myself.&&&Thanks ❤️&&&I was actually gonna put it directly on my beard but realized it was meant to ingested so that’s what I did. I do put oil in my beard and try to come through often to stimulate hair growth."
_pineapplylemon,j9b85u,Looks good! Had no idea biotin came in liquid form. Gonna pick some up myself
momodynasty,j9b85u,Looks great!
tricenotatreat,j9b85u,Were you putting it on your beard directly or ingesting it? I always wondered if whether it being applied directly or ingesting it had any direct effect of the growth of hair
Classyassgirl,j99s6l,Sounds like a good plan to me.
Full_Principle,j99s6l,"Stuck in a natural hair rut&&&I have fine 3c/4a hair and I keep getting single strand knots and the hair sheds and gets trapped in the hairs and it takes time to get them out, I'm going back to oiling the hair in between wash days and moisturizing with elasta qp mango butter. I'm thinking about letting my hair rest in braids and dying it with henna to help the strength of the hair once it gets healthier. My hair has gotten thin due to stress and some life changes this year.&&&thanks I'll try that since I have henna already, I'll start with making a gloss"
Urfavorganiccheeto,j99s6l,"Henna is bomb for me. I have used henna glosses off & on since july & ever since my hair has been popping lol. Henna, aloe vera, and hair grease is bae."
AkshataBaddi,j99a2y,Natural hair regrowth mask&&&
511lonette,j90bv7,Try a wooden comb. I recently found out that it makes a huge difference.
jaejaeok,j90bv7,"I’m confused. You know the basic rules of combing but it’s getting stuck? So you’re starting at the ends and very slowly detangling upwards I imagine. Not quite sure where you’re getting stuck but it’s a couple possibilities: 
- You have product build up. Especially if you use creams, greases, or gels, they can take a lot of extra effort to wash out. If not done well, the gunk of build up mimics that of a knot. 
- Knots. Your styling options are producing knots in the hair and it should be adjusted. 
- Your hair isn’t soaking wet with conditioner when your detangling and so you’re working against your curls and stressing them."
lapsrrodgers,j90bv7,"Hair is hard to comb through&&&Maybe it is because it's longer now from when I first cut it, so more knots, but, lately, I've been having trouble combing. My comb/brush is getting stuck and it's hard for me to get through it. Any tips?

Thank you!

PS. I know the basic rules of combing.&&&I do think I need to try a different brush. I recently trimmed, so it may be my new detangler or the fact that my sections need to go smaller *sighs*

Thank you&&&That's interesting! Thank you"
sganiexty,j90bv7,"Keep your hair stretched. I personally like to keep my hair in chunky twists. 

Trim your ends. Comb hair on smaller sections with a detangling brush. Try Mane n Tail Detangler."
2oatmeal_cookies,j8z56b,"I leave my hair in twists for weeks. I pin them up or I wear them down. I wash, deep condition, rinse and repeat.  My hair is starting to get too long so I feel like twists are my only option for sanity."
6lackPrincess,j8z56b,"Taking a protective style out to wash, deep condition and restyle is literally a whole day job 😂&&&It IS a whole job, especially when your hair struggles to retain moisture and you have to moisturise sometimes 3 times a day, otherwise your hair becomes crunchy and wiry."
ItsJustATux,j8z56b,"Girl I’ve had my curls up in a gator (is that how you spell it, idk?) for a weeks now. I spritz daily with a moisture spray (aloe gel, gelatin, water, random conditioner) seal it (shea butter, mango butter, grapeseed oil) and put it back up. That’s it. I don’t do full washes anymore but I rinse every other day and detangle with Aussie Moist. I started out doing THE MOST but I don’t think it’s actually necessary."
Naanaaah,j8z56b,what did you do to your hair in those two days? was it detangling that took your time?
PattiMayoglaze,j8z56b,It's the planning days to hours ahead of special occasions and making sure I have the right products for whatever style I'm gonna do that really kill me
Petty-lupone,j8z56b,"I almost think it's easier as it gets longer. Sure you have more hair to work with, but I can braid my hair in four to six braids and call it a day. I cut my hair into a tapered cut four years ago and it was so much work to maintain. I had to twist my hair into a billion twists each night so that it wouldn't get matted. It took forever!

I realized now as my hair's grown out I've been neglecting my hair which is what made wash day so hard. It takes me less than 30 mins to actually wash my hair these days. Detangling takes maybe 10 mins. I've found washing once a week is ultimately easier for me. Before I'd stretch it out to once a month and it was a beast to detangle and wash my hair. I found a sweet spot and I've got my routine on lock. I keep my hair braided in six braids throughout the week and throw on a wig when I have a zoom call lol.  Now I enjoy wash day. It feels like self care. It's huge progress for me bc I used to avoid it as long as I could. Hang in there!"
TrixieBosh,j8z56b,"Anyone else hate how much effort natural hair takes? Like damn I wish it didn’t take so much time? It’s a whole job&&&&&&It’s exhausting!&&&That’s where I am at now cause it’s the only way I like my hair. What are some styles you do? - A desperate, fed up natural&&&This is the granddaddy of them all"
TuffTitti,j8z56b,"I felt that way until I found the right products, tools and techniques ❤️"
cierachamere,j8z56b,"No protective styles for me.

I wash twice a month, deep condition one a month, and wet daily in the shower. I'm too lazy and I like my shrinkage. I make it work."
duaadiddy,j8z56b,"Honestly the majority of effort for me is during wash day, which can take up to 3 hours but because I've been doing the LCO method every wash day, I've found that my hair retains moisture better now and I've had to do less and less to it the healthier it's gotten. Also consistently sleeping with a satin bonnet every night has helped keep my hair more moisturized, which means less maintenance mid-week."
flirtandflutter,j8z56b,"My hair is low effort now...it was an equal mix of finding the detangling/styling methods that work for me, and learning to embrace ""imperfections"" like frizz and shrinkage and lack of volume occasionally. What was making my routine stressful wasn't really my hair, it was trying to fight the above things and make my hair be something it's not (frizz-free, defined, amazing volume all the time etc)."
luckyseaturtle,j8z56b,"Currently in the process of getting used to my natural hair. (Had perm from 12-16, then straightened from then until now, 24) It sucks even more when you’re not used to it. I’ve tried on and off so many times I’m about to give up and just keep straightening my hair once a month. I’m lost, frustrated, and angry at myself. It’s definitely harder to maintain."
meqek,j8z56b,"I was at my happiest with my tapered cut. 30 minutes washes, maybe an hour to twist and then I was done. I'm going to try it again and the next time it grows out I'm going to get locs."
omgidfk123,j8z56b,"I used to think so, but I was just overcomplicating things for myself. Like every wash day doesn't have to take a whole day or end with a twist out. Idek how I kept up with that shit, I'm too lazy to do twist outs regularly now lol"
rosha267,j8z56b,I almost went back to relaxers the first year I went natural. I really wish people talked more about how time consuming and expensive natural hair is for beginners. With my relaxed hair I unwrapped and went on with my day and if I was having a bad hair day I just threw it into a pony tail. With my natural hair it took NO LESS than 20 minutes (usually it was closer to 30) to just refresh my hair. I did finger coils since that was the only easy method that I knew for short hair. After a year I was so frustrated I started straightening it once a month. I got some heat damage to deal with but now my hair is long enough to put in a bun. I absolutely love my natural hair and it has grown way longer than I ever imagined but the journey was harder than I could have ever prepared for.
saxxysundevil,j8z56b,"I’ve been working on streamlining my process and I’ve got it down to about 2 hours every week, down from probably 3-4 hours a year ago. I did a hair consultation and as a a result simplified my product use which means I spend last time detangling and just dealing with products and I wear my hair in a protective style so that definitely helps. Like someone else said, sometimes we tend to make things more complicated than they need to be."
tas-cee,j8z56b,i’m going back to relaxers because of this. the last time i did my hair it took two days & those were my only days off of work. i know i’ll probably get crucified by the naturals in my family but i think that its the best decision for me.
tauruspiscescancer,j8z56b,"yup, which is exactly why I’m starting my loc journey. Locs aren’t exactly low maintenance but they are way more low maintenance compared to loose natural hair. All my hair wants to do is tangle up anyways so I’m just gonna let it do that but maintain them enough so they look neat."
uhyeaokay,j8z56b,"Meeee lol I leave my protective styles in for too long sometimes bc taking it down, washing and conditioning it takes forever. Ima lazy natural not afraid to say it. Just find what works for YOU. Wash days don’t have to be all day. Like.. we got shit to do sis! 😂"
zankouran,j8z56b,"I'm at the TWA stage which is pretty low maintenance, but I can't imagine my routine getting any worse from here. It helps to ignore the trends, fancy products and hair tools and just do the basics."
Hanyo_Hetalia,j8z4pw,"Your hair looks great. Your skin is flawless, by the way."
Rae72,j8z4pw,"Shiny, healthy hair! Well done 👏🏾"
RuthieeRuth1987,j8z4pw,Twist out with diy flax seed gel.&&&&&&Thanks 🙂
Classyassgirl,j8vrnw,Define pocket friendly.
Scream_Pueen,j8vrnw,I like Silicon Mix. Lots of slip and makes my hair soft.
curlgarden,j8vrnw,"Few of my faves are: 
Miche Beauty - Indulge 
Soultanicals - any of her deep conditioners 
Adwoa Beauty - pricey but worth every penny"
solarpanel_d,j8vrnw,"Deep Conditioners for 4a hair Recommendations?&&&Any recommendations for good, pocket friendly, deep conditioners for 4a hair? Maybe one with a balance of protein and moisture? I don’t want to ruin the protein/moisture balance in my hair. Thank you!"
CutTheCamera_Deadass,j8uyac,"Is this 3c with 4a or just 3c hair? I could never really tell and google hair charts kinda suck. Sorry if my pics aren't that good 😭&&&&&&Thank you! My ringlets get tight sometimes and I confuse it for 4a in certain spots upon occasion, but 3c is me and I now know that's where I stay 😊&&&Please do!! I hope you'll love it as much as I do!"
grammargirl8,j8uyac,I think it’s 3c. Fabulous curls!&&&Thanks!! I’ve seen the Pillow Soft Curls at Target. I’ll try it!
sparkling_aquarius,j8uyac,3c!
szakhia,j8uyac,Looks like just 3c to me
Jecht232,j8sdpf,"I’m ready to make the journey and take of my hair properly. Please help me out.&&&&&&I've heard I could just use a satin pillow case instead - would that work the same? Wouldnt want to wear a durag each night.

I get that I need good shampoo, conditioner, oil, etc - but I need help on a routine. How often do I wash with shampoo/conditioner? 

How often do I apply cream and an oil?

And do I have to start now or can I just wait until my hair is longer?&&&I have grown my hair out a lot but the end result is always a nappy and dry Afro. I have 4b hair I think.

Please help me with what I need to do on a daily / weekly basis. I am ready to make the commitment to have healthy and moisturized hair.

My end goal is to have defined curls. With the help of some gel I’ve had some definition in the past, never lasted long. It’s as if my hair sucks up any moisture very quickly."
LabxAnomalous,j8sdpf,"Start now with an oil for your scalp, try castor oil or olive oil. Try misting your hair with water and apply oil to seal it in. Wash your hair when you feel like you need to or once a month. Washing your hair just removes product build up if you add cream to your hair often and it gives your scalp a chance to breath from added oil and natural oil. Start deep conditioning once a month also (will help your hair stay soft, reduce breakage)"
Monasgma,j8sdpf,"I know what you are enduring!! You have to tie your head up at night (Dorag) not so much for waves but to maintain moisture. Good shampoo, conditioner, oil, and a cream (is African Pride) good luck. You have to shop around and see what works for you. Good luck. Your hair is beautiful BTW."
Scream_Pueen,j8sdpf,"Moisture should be your number one priority.  Your shampoo shouldn’t strip the hair and be sure to deep condition once a week. You should look into the LOC (leave in, oil, cream) method and see if it helps you maintain moisture.  

For me personally, I have moisturize everyday or every other day.  As far as curl definition, I have to redo my hair every three days when it’s long and everyday when it’s super short.  I like a really defined look, I do my hair more frequently.  

It’s basically  a lot trial and error and meeting your hair where it’s at.  Good luck and I hope this was of some help."
tamoki30,j8mpo8,3 Different Looks&&&
abbyjotroy,j8lgtn,"SNS - Natural Fertilizers, Pesticides, Weed Killer, Fertilizers & Nutrients&&&"
Babialive,j8kl1i,❤️👌💪
EnigmaticBlackChic,j8kl1i,Super cute!
ItsALyndsay,j8kl1i,"Them poof balls, though! I couldn't do this style 3 years ago without straightening my hair.&&&&&&I wash and condition once a week with creme of nature argon oil. Every other week, I deep condition with the same brand. And I use Cantu's leave in conditioner and a mixture of rosewater and vegetable glycerin in a spray bottle for hydration and finish off with jojoba oil whenever I style."
Monasgma,j8kl1i,Keep going beautiful!!!&&&What products do you use?&&&Thanks!
haireveryshare,j8kl1i,so cute!! heartmelt
ibelieveintadcooper,j8kl1i,Go you! They’re so cute!
kwiyomikat,j8kl1i,Bao Buns
Ashleyjasmine,j8jm88,As I am dry and itchy? I think it has an active ingredient that helps with build up as well as tea tree and castor oil
LCG05,j8jm88,Kinky Curly's shampoo is very cleansing but not stripping and not harmful ingredients.
curlgarden,j8jm88,"If it’s on your hair strand it’s likely product buildup. you need a clarifying shampoo.

Eden BodyWorks - Peppermint Tea Tree Shampoo 
Alikay Naturals Black Soap Shampo
Kinky Curly"
duaadiddy,j8jm88,Carol's Daughter black vanilla shampoo is incredibly cleansing but not stripping at all
percale-sheets,j8jm88,"Do an ACV rinse diluted with about 1:2 ratio acv to water. Pour it on your head, let it sit for a while and then rinse out. Probably good to get a filter if you have hard water. 

The dandruff shampoos will strip your hair."
sganiexty,j8jm88,"Shampoo for sebum buildup&&&Preferably one's that's sulfate free since my hair is dry and damaged. 

I noticed I have this white waxy build-up on my hair. I believe it's sebum and it's building up even more. I thought it was lint and so I pay no mind. 

Do I need a dandruff shampoo?

EDIT: It seems using a brown sugar scrub (brown sugar mixed with oil) removed build-up after applying it to my roots and scalp."
Classyassgirl,j8fn0a,"Is your nutrition on point? Drink good clean water? Your blood work show healthy levels of all your nutrients? (Vit D,C,A etc.) 

If that's not the case, your body is very unlikely to use resources to grow hair. Hair is a perk, not necessity, and will be neglected in favour of other things."
SmartNSassy101,j8fn0a,"Help! How to stop single strand knots on 4b/r4c hair&&&Hi! I’m a natural girl with 4b4c hair. My hair length has been stagnant for years and I cannot push past. I’m clearly having a length retention issue. Although I don’t trim as much as I need to, I trim about twice a year. I either have cornrows in for wigs or box braids. If my hair is out, I twist it up with water and leave in conditioner and grape seed oil at night. I always have tangled ends when my hair is in cornrows and if it’s out, I get a good amount of shedding or single strand knots. 

Please help with these knots and also drop any tips for length retention and getting out of this plateau!"
wildhuntressophelia,j8fn0a,"I don't think you can stop single strand knots but you can limit them. 

- You can try stretching you hair to prevent the ends tangling on themselves. 
- Ensure that your ends are moisturized and focus oil on your ends. 
- Dust your ends in between major trims. Some people do the search and destroy method where if you feel a knot just cut it off right there and then, while others simply do mini twists and trim each twist. I do a mix of both. 

In terms of getting your hair to retain length you can first see if you can identify the reason why your ends are breaking. Are your ends dry? Do you have split ends? You can maybe try to keep your hair off your shoulders or back because the rubbing could be causing some breakage that you aren't seeing."
