index,id,comments
FlowerPrinceJess,fjd86g,They look so cute! Reminds me of my braids as a little girl
LChriMcC,fjd86g,The butterfly clips are so cute! Looks amazing :)
covfefeonahandstand,fjd86g,So cute! I love the clips!
dyam,fjd86g,"Those clippies are gonna hurt her little head when she goes to sleep! Trust me, I know from experience lol. They’re super cute, but maybe switch them out for some flat berets or maybe even beads."
melissafaith,fjd86g,"Omg this takes me back to my childhood, sitting on the floor between my moms legs while she plaited my hair. So many bows. One good memory of childhood."
myvibeiztremendous,fjd86g,"Super cute! Great job! Unfortunately, as cute as they are, the hard hair accessories are a terrible idea and hazard for children. Maybe try ribbons? A little more time consuming to put on but worth your child’s safety & comfort.  Getting hit in the eye with a ribbon hurts a lot less versus a bead, barrette, or the like! 😅"
sunflowerthelight,fjd86g,They look great! The butterfly clips are adorable! Haha it’s funny because I have the exact same ones. They definitely make boring hairstyles more exciting for me!
w22greerd,fjd86g,"First time doing braids on my 2 year old! Thoughts?&&&&&&Thank you so much!&&&Good idea! I actually just ordered some beads, and I might try ribbons, as another commenter suggested. Thank you!&&&That's a great idea! Thanks so much :)"
AndAllThatJam,fj95p8,That is how I've always dreamed my twists would look like. I still haven't mastered the technique of a good twist out. I bet it'll turn out beautiful!
cakefrommars,fj95p8,This is gorgeous!
mmel0nHeadd,fj95p8,Those are some juicy looking twists!
whatyoutalkingboutwi,fj95p8,So excited to see how this twist out is going to turn out!&&&&&&Thank you! And yes practice is key lol&&&Thank You!&&&Thank you! 😭
Salt-Light-Love,fj91wp,Hi 👋🏾&&&
ChelsMe,fj6bg0,How many days do you wear it out after?
UniversalTruthSeeker,fj6bg0,"What's your hair type because I can put all the moisturizer, oil, conditioner, whatever in my head and scalp and still comes out super dry. I need some real help with this. I have type 4c hair."
bikesboozeandbacon,fj6bg0,"So you wash out the conditioner but don’t use any creams or leave in after? 


My hair would be soo frizzy !"
blackpino,fj6bg0,"curls are poppin!  Im still looking for my one product wash and go but nothing seems to work.  So far the closest I've got is the kinky curly hair system.  Since I use the leave in as my regular conditioner as well, the gel can technically be considered my only ""styler""."
blakchat,fj6bg0,Love it! Effortlessly beautiful
chaffering,fj6bg0,I only use one product.. Hydrating crepe by Cantu. I let my hair air dry. I learned that if I pay my hair dry it reduces frizz. My hair takes no time and I love the end result.
hanap8127,fj6bg0,Is that the gold one?
leadsinlight1,fj6bg0,Thank you for posting the process and products!!! This subreddit should only allow pics of people who post the process and products like you!
libraryofsouls,fj6bg0,"One product wash and go! Sick and tired of long routines and expensive products that don’t do shit&&&&&&The only product used:  Pantene 3 minute miracle repair and protect conditioner. 

Routine: wet hair in shower, in sections from tip to root apply product and detangle hair (it makes my hair very slick, so it’s really easy), tie up hair when    done applying product, wash the rest of the body, remove hair tie while head is upside down so the hair doesn’t touch your back, and rinse with lukewarm water. Plop hair with a microfibre towel turban, get dressed, remove towel and diffuse on cold. 


This conditioner is bomb, I definitely recommend it&&&Depends really. I’ll usually end up pinning my bangs up because I’m perpetually studying and it gets in my eyes and I don’t take them out. 
However, I think the max I did was 2 days. I’m still trying to figure out how to re-wear my hair especially since I’m a fidgety sleeper and bonnets and scarves end up falling off my head and my hair used used to be super dry when I used a lot of product. 


The Pantene was a discovery I made like a week and a half ago, so I’m still working things out with this routine&&&I would say it’s around 3c-4a my bangs are 4b mixed with 3c/4a. I do incorporate hair masks every now and then too. The best thing for me was to minimize the amount of products I was using and really take care of the scalp. I got one of those scalp massagers off amazon and I notice that there’s way less buildup and my hair at the roots feel way healthier."
myvibeiztremendous,fj6bg0,Nice! Minimalism for the win!! I only use about 3 products from wash to style. It’s awesome. Once you find what works for you - no more spending money for trial and error. 🙄
MummyCroc,fj4cyt,"A blog can be a really good medium for this. JC from Natural Haven used to do this and I loved her blog. Do let us know once you have started something, I would be definitely interested"
empathalogist,fj4cyt,"Podcasts are also a great platforms. I love listening to them, especially ones that are thought provoking. You could look into what's needed for that. Don't let YouTube saturation stop you! There's tons of brands of the same products, and people buy what fits them. You'll probably start off slow and first, but with time and commitment it could really pay off! Looking forward to some great content!"
sdossantos97,fj4cyt,"Natural Hair and Science, what would be the best platform?&&&Hi ladies!

I just graduated from college this past fall with my degree in Chemistry. I have always wanted to open up a platform for black women and provide information on natural hair and include science in it. Specifically I want to debunk a lot of myths about certain ingredients that cause panic among the natural hair community, how the whole ""natural is better"" is not true, and I want to investigate certain products (like Cantu, and as of recently DevaCurl) that have caused controversy and to get my opinions on it. 

So I wanted to come on here and ask my fellow naturals if I go through with this, in your opinions what would be the best platform? I was thinking YouTube, but I feel like its so overpopulated. Plus I do not have the equipment nor the space in my house to even do videos, so even if I were to do YouTube I'd have to wait until I get my own place. So then I was thinking about doing a blog because I love to write, could also give me a starting point to establish my brand. However, I feel like blogging is one of those hit-or-miss things. I don't think it's dying, but I also think that it's not really common anymore; like anything having to do with natural hair, I think folks gravitate more towards YouTube or Instagram and such. So then I thought about Instagram, but I'm iffy on that. I don't keep up with my personal Instagram, if anything I barely go on there. I don't really know much about Instagram so I have no idea how I would even grow my audience, how to go about it, etc.

If you can offer any advice, or even any ideas on what I should talk about, I'm more than happy to hear from yall. Thank you!"
spicegrl1,fj4cyt,"The hardest part is starting & being consistent. Pick whatever platform you feel most comfortable with & then learn how to market your content across whatever social media. Learn SEO so ypir content can be found.&&&Also, if u want to blog what about medium.com? That's a hot platform."
NicoleKidmansNewChin,fj3syk,Could a silk scarf be drying out my hair?&&&The top layer of my hair in the front is frizzier than the rest. I wear a silk scarf at night and that’s obviously where the scarf touches my hair. I’ve heard that satin is better than silk because it sucks less moisture from the hair. Is that true? Could the silk be causing the frizz?
Pumpkinhead82,fj3syk,It could be. I would switch to satin.
EloquentElixir,fiuhsv,"Hi, welcome! I'm pretty new too <3"
TaniaTSN_,fiuhsv,"Hey Everyone! I am new on here!&&&Hey, I am new on Reddit...I would love to be part of a natural hair/ curly hair community so here I am! Thanks @tealover315 I didn’t know of the rules .. just edited my post !"
LisaJohn73,fiu55u,"Anybody ever tried rice water? What was your experience like?&&&I tried the rice water rinse today for the first time. I’ve seen people talking about getting major growth after using it and whatnot. It smelled like ass crack. I even prepared it with some lime peels as well but it was almost unbearable having it in my hair.

Update: I have seen some growth! I haven’t measured a before and after to know exactly how long but it’s quite evident just looking at my scalp. Pretty cool!&&&Maybe I’ll try it again in the next two weeks before I write it off lol"
TeaLover315,fiu55u,Didn’t really do anything crazy for my hair. Used it for about three weeks. No noticeable difference and making it all the time was a pain
atctia,fiu55u,"If you are protein sensitive, I would be very very careful. Rice water is high in protein and while some have had good results, I've seen others with a lot of breakage after using."
reer-krypton,fiu55u,How do you figure out if you're protein sensitive?
CheeChizzle,fidwh6,"Shea moisture’s JBCO and peppermint hydrating conditioner: $13.99. It just ran out though, so I’m switching back to $1 Vo5 conditioner"
Cleocurls,fidwh6,Ooo! I love blackgirlcurls! Most expensive is adwoa beauty's curl forming gel. 8oz is like $16&&&I've been wanting to try their curl climate gel. Have you?
Jasvia,fidwh6,Leave in condition
LilRedRid3r,fidwh6,"The only thing I buy that I don't make myself, which is Olaplex. So expensive!"
Preshylust,fidwh6,Oribe Goldlust hair oil $56 for 3.4oz. It’s my go to for my blowouts
SleepieSheepie8,fidwh6,Melanin haircare $28.99 leave-in... the shipping cost is ridiculous. I know I don’t need the product but.... I love it
TeaLover315,fidwh6,Olaplex #3 $28 for 3.3 oz so I think it’s like $4.25 per tablespoon lol.  I usually like my hair to be saturated in the product so I need lots of it. Keeps my hair looking healthy
atlgeek87,fidwh6,The doux twist cream it's 15 bucks and Mielle curl cream 13 bucks that's my limit on hair stuff I usually try to hit up sales and use cvs coupons some stuff I've seen 25 or more....
blackpino,fidwh6,What is your most expensive staple product?&&&For me its the AG Boost conditioner recommended by blackgirlcurls.  I don't know what they put in that stuff but it makes de tangling a breeze and actually leaves my hair defined (as defined as 4b can get) after I rinse it out.  It costs $30 for 12 oz but sometimes they have it at ulta for $20.&&&I'm sooo tempted to buy this!&&&wow I want to see some youtube reviews on this lol.
doowopthatthing_,fidwh6,Oribe priming lotion. It’s the perfect leave-in/everyday styler. Can’t live without it even though it ain’t cheap lol
garibn,fidwh6,Ouidad conditioner $56. I am exclusively a ouidad girl and spend $300 a month on their products. I really think it's worth it!
sploo1012,fidwh6,"The FORM beauty regimen. I use the shampoo, conditioner, curl creme, leave in conditioner and heat protectant (when I use my hair dryer, which isn’t often). It’s so worth it, though. Great curl definition and moisture."
August_Bloom,fib612,I soak it in vinegar and warm/hot water for like 15-20 minutes and rinse it well and let it air dry.
icyivy,fib612,How much vinegar to water do you use?
sharifalovee,fib612,Washing Pre Stretched Braiding Hair&&&Do I need to wash pre stretched hair? I'm getting knotless braids for the first time (first time doing anything to my hair) but I don't want my head itchy. Are there good ways to wash away the chemicals in the hair?
afroart0309,fi9vcp,3 years since the big chop!&&&
afroart0309,fi965h,Afro wash and go! Full Afro!&&&
0423beatface,fhs9ql,"Magic collection edge effect edge control is the ONLY thing that can lay down my stubborn baby hairs all day. I apply liberally, then tie down tightly with a scarf for at least 20 mins. Perfect edges all day."
FAMURattler85,fhs9ql,Have you tried EBIN?
HolyHipHop_TJ,fhs9ql,"Any tips/product suggestions for controlling my baby hairs?&&&&&&No, I’ve never heard of that yet. I’ll check it out! Thanks :)"
hotwangsslap,fhs9ql,"I’ve been using the black got2b gel. Holds really well, takes a while to move even when I use shampoo"
itsinesvieira,fhs9ql,"The mane choice edge control its really good. 
Also recommend the one from ORS. Recently I have been using the Camilla Rose edge control and I like it. 
However, my baby hairs are very unruly! So they always get crazy - specially because I sweat a bit too much from my hair line"
AnalTattoo,fhs5gy,Lovely
Garaquarubyline,fhs5gy,Stunning!
MagnetB,fhs5gy,Looking good!
friedbrusselsprout,fhs5gy,First blowout of 2020&&&
gaboin,fhs5gy,You are absolutely beautiful !
lesbianbeachbabe,fhs5gy,ur super pretty!
