index,id,comments
Blackqueen30,fbyw84,Omg your fro looks amazing
ERandom91,fbyw84,"Love your hair, but that SMILE!"
ShoPDXLove13,fbyw84,🙌🏽🙌🏽🙌🏽🙌🏽
jammysue,fbyw84,Yaaaassss slay!!!!!!!!
melissafaith,fbyw84,Omggggg you’re so mf gorgeous smile is 11/10
miml-10294,fbyw84,"Beautiful, just beautiful!"
missladytesha,fbyw84,"Picked out the fro today!&&&&&&Thank you so much! :D&&&Thank you 💜💜💜&&&🤣🤣🤣
Thank you, it was a good day, couldn’t stop smiling 😄"
sanya4,fbygyl,"Can I get tree braids without extension?&&&&&&So, it turns out the text I wanted to submit is not showing up. :p I searched “tree braids without extensions” on Google to no avail. I have low porosity 4a hair. It’s 16-18 inches when completely straight, but to my shoulders when it’s coily I heard that tree braids take less than box braids, but are smaller/tight. If they really are, then I’m opting out of them."
Radiant-Anywhere,fby3m7,"Trying out LCO method?&&& So I’ve been looking for products w/o coconut oil, and shea butter being lower on the list of ingredients(Finding what works for my low porosity hair). I happened to have found a few products that I like but for the L and C part I use 2 leave-in’s instead of a leave in and cream. I didn’t think it would matter since most of the products seem to use the same ingredients anyway. I was wondering if anybody else does this? So far my hair has been a lot easier to manage and looking better with not much product residue."
Worstmodonreddit,fby3m7,Approved
CurlyGirlMeeks,fby1pz,"Protein Treatments?&&&So I'm doing a 1 month challenge on my youtube to grow my hair past my collarbone for the first time and I noticed that my hair already seems over moisturized because even though I don't use heat often some of my ends are straight (see video for reference) -->[Hair Growth Routine](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qIaqI7mAA5Q&feature=youtu.be)

Anyway I just wanted to know what kind of protein treatments you all do. Right now I just do henna every 2 months.

Thanks :)"
Urfavorganiccheeto,fby1pz,Henna can loosen your curls. I hear amla powder can help bring curls back.
Worstmodonreddit,fby1pz,Please remove the link to your YouTube channel
je55ieduhh,fbxz4q,Just showing off the mop top. First time poster.&&&
GiantMeteor2017,fbx5sm,"I find that twists/twist out hold better for me if my hair is damp or wet when I twist them, but no, your hair doesn’t have to be wet."
atctia,fbx5sm,"I've got type 4 low porosity hair. I actually blow my hair out when I do mini twists ( I like to retain length). Then I'll use Mielle Organics Pomegranate and Honey twisting cream&&&That line specifically is a little more pricey (around $14 for the twist cream, I think 12 oz) but it's super thick, do a little goes a long way"
ccami432,fbx5sm,"Twists... does your hair have to be wet with products?&&&Hey y’all,
So I have 4b/4c hair and im trying to find the best product when I do mini twists in my hair. Eco styler worked but it made my hair shrivel up lol (shrinkage 😂), and now im seeing that setting lotion can be used. I also have the buttery gel from the mane choice that ill be using next. Both the setting lotion and gel asks for damp hair but my hair seems to do better when its dry.... does my hair have to be damp/wet?&&&Ahhh okay thanks!!! I havent tried mielle but ill get it and give it a try 😊"
hllylzbth,fbx5sm,"I always stretch my hair then use either shea butter or caster oil (or both) and my twists hold and don’t shrink too much. I have 3c hair though so I’m not sure how much I can compare. 
Either way I find when my hair is saturated with products like cream or gel my twists just don’t hold at all."
Brooklyn_1105,fbwmb3,Hey!! I feel you I’ve been through the how to blend the damage process and what helped me was cutting it off your hair blends and looks so much better but I understand if that doesn’t work for you maybe twisting your hair the night before you do a wash and go or braids but yeah that’s all I can think of maybe work with it a bit more and finger coil it with some gel
DazzlingDiamond23,fbwmb3,"Camouflaging heat damage in a wash and go?&&&Hey y’all, 

I’ve been rocking my 3c curls for a month now and I’m happy to say my curls are finally reverting from a frizzy fried mess to more more defined curls. However, there are some heat damaged pieces in the front around my part from where I was flat ironing my flyaways daily when my hair was straight. I know, horrible idea. The damage is similar to what “leave out” damage looks like.

Anyway, i love wearing wash and gos but I can’t seem to figure out how to blend the straight pieces in with the rest of my hair now that it’s more curly. I’ve tried perm rods on those pieces, but the curls come out too tight. I’ve also tried twists, but then the curls come out too loose and don’t last. 

Do you think switching my part to the opposite side would make things worse? 

Thanks for y’all’s help! ❤️&&&I’ll be cutting it off as soon as possible! Trust me, I can’t wait to get rid of it. Right now it’s just one section in the front that’s damaged so it would look a little funny cutting that part off 😆  I’ll give the finger coiling a try! Thanks love 💕"
BlkkBubbles,fbt4ky,"Drop yoyr moisturizing routine&&&Hey.
I am doing a bit of a research for school aiming at moisturizing between wash days.
Would be appreciated if you added a short story on your natural hair journey, who taught you to care for your hair and how easy it is to find information and products nesessary.

Trying to educate myself on black hair as I know very little of it. Would highly appreciate you sharing your techniques on how you care for your hair in the daily life.
The end goal is making a visual identity for a line of products aiming at everyday care of black hair.

Drop your routine, it'll help my project a lot."
hardoutheretobunique,fbt4ky,Following. I need help for my daughter. She’s mixed. I’m white and am struggling.
isleepbad,fbt4ky,"In between wash days I just wet my hair in the shower, comb it lightly and then use Cantú leave in conditioning. 

My hair is 4b with high porosity and it's been working amazing."
LordSlader,fbk30q,"Leave in conditioner cream + Water = Spray?&&&I dont really like to rub the conditioner in my hair because it messes it up, would it work if I mix it in some water and use it as a spray?"
unfriendlypisces,fbk30q,Yes
LordSlader,fbk0uu,"Trying to get curly hair, I only use conditioner,shampoo and water them I shake my hair repeatedly and the curls come in naturally, it isn't fully curled yet but is it supposed to look like this ?&&&&&&Actually I used both conditioner and leave in conditioner but I mixed the leave In with some water and used it as a spray so I wouldn't have to mess up my hair"
librasunflow,fbk0uu,"with only water and no leave in conditioner, your hair looks AMAZING!"
murfemurf0516,fbk0uu,"Nice curls man,but yes your curls are supposed to look like that,as your hairtype is more tight/coily in nature. If you want,styling products like gel or curl cream can enhance your curls too."
strawnoodle,fbk0uu,Your hair looks exactly like mine and I get the same result when I use this method even when fully detangled. The only time got more curls this way was when my hair was short.&&&I just remembered this post. I have the same hair as yours and tried the same method again but this time I used mousse after loc and shook my hair. I got 100% curls as opposed to the ~ 70% I got with gel. It's a lot lighter too.
a_nath14,fbiop0,"Protein & Coconut Free Cream&&&I am looking for a new curl cream that is protein-free and coconut free (or at least one where coconut isn't one of the main ingredients) as I have low porosity/protein-sensitive hair and my hair also hates coconut. I am looking specifically for a cream because leave-in sprays don't really do anything for me. I am also currently using the Mielle honey & ginger gel. It would be really helpful if it's available in Canada as well but it's not a huge deal if it's only available in the US. Any suggestions would be great, thanks!!!&&&That’s amazing, I’m for sure gonna look into it thank you so much!&&&Haha I will take a look into it, thank you!"
atctia,fbiop0,Gorgeously kinky is a black owned haircare line that is completely nut free.
dyam,fbiop0,"Shea moisture has an entire protein free line. I hated it lol, but maybe it’ll work for your hair"
puppy_power123,fbiop0,I'm protein sensitive and I have low porosity hair as well. And coconut oil just does sit right on my hair. My go to leave in is the kinky curly knot today leave in. I have been using it for years and it has never failed me. I have type 4 hair and it works so well. I'm also Canadian and this is available at clore! It goes on sale every so often so check out the flyer to see when it's on sale! It also happens to be a BOB!
Muncamunca,fbfk42,"Is mousse bad for the hair?&&&Is mousse bad for hair? I've tried many creams and gels and they all just eight down my hair. I want to try mousse, but I'm scared it'll dry out by hair. I do generally have moisturized hair but still I'm not trying to ruin my hair. Also any product suggestions would be nice. I have 4c thin strands, low porosity, and medium density. Thanks.&&&Thanks!&&&Thank you!&&&Quick question. Why did you stop using Jane Carter?"
Zaylyn5355,fbfk42,"I LOVE mousse! I was using jane carter twist out foam but now I use curls green avocado mousse. 

In general, avoid mousse with alcohol in it. But i love that curls mousse"
mooshu1x2,fbfk42,"I personally do not like mousse because it doesn't provide enough hold for my hair. I'm not sure how a mousse can dry out your hair unless there is a specific ingredient that is drying for your hair (e.g. coconut, aloe, shea)."
2oatmeal_cookies,fb9qcd,Because they don’t think we have curly hair.&&&whaaaaat?! Lawd help em.
Alolan-Vulpixie,fb9qcd,I never really understood the allure of devacurl products. I’m mixed (50/50 black/white split) and stayed using Shea moisture products. Sometimes if I’m feeling really fancy I’ll splurge on something I find at Marshall’s but otherwise I stick with cost-effective products 🤷🏽‍♀️
Glutton4Glitter,fb9qcd,"When I saw them referring to cutting their hair as big chopping, I knew it was a wrap."
SeminoleDollxx,fb9qcd,"Absolutely. 

Wavy curls vs Coiled Curls 

They make a big deal out of putting product on loose wavy hair.

Coiled hair has it's own unique care routine and lines like Devacurl cash in on the texturism obsessed. 

Shout out to the Beautiful Coils, Ladies"
TheYellowRose,fb9qcd,please make a more public call for mods! I'd also love to help if you'll have me.
Tikiana2017,fb9qcd,"Being erased from our own movement.&&&This devacurl scandal has made me start to believe/see that black people/those with type 4 hair are being actively pushed out of the natural hair movement.  As has been posted here before, the sub curly hair is dominated by type 2 and loose type 3 hair. They all seem to use devacurl and subscribe to the cgm method. The fact that the sub had a whole ass thread of replacement products that they had ""discovered"" is wild to me. I rolled my eyes the entire thread. 

Like we've known forever that there are 5000 products out on the market and that the cgm isn't the end all be all for curlies. Then on youtube I discovered a podcast(curly hair show or something) addressing the controversy from a historical perspective. And the guy hosting said that the curly hair movement was started in the 1980s by Oiudad when she and her husband immigrated here in Lebanon. And that she really helped popularize the movement.

Bruh what? Do black people exist?

Do y'all also feel like are being ignored? Or am I overthinking all of this?&&&oof. I have noticed that as well. Our hair is referred to as kinky or coily or even textured but not curly."
TimTamDeliciousness,fb9qcd,Same here.
TooBold,fb9qcd,"Lots of people reporting hair issues like excessive hair loss, curl damage, pain, scalp issues, etc. There’s a class action lawsuit that is in the beginning stages."
VioletValkyrie,fb9qcd,"I don't even bat an eye at DevaCurl and I threw Shea Moisture away last year. Y'all wanna cater to waves, cool. As I Am, Maine Choice, Mielle, Miche, etc can have my dollars. 

Not gon erase me and mines and have a place in my bathroom. Black women spend $1.2 trillion on hair care a year, I have options.

Edit: a letter"
Zoieja,fb9qcd,It's so disappointing and ridiculous.
_sweetso_,fb9qcd,"Doesn't this just kind of... always happen? POC start something, and then whiteness (or being as close as you can get to whiteness, I'm not saying only white people have loose curls) takes over.
It's definitely real, and it's sad."
blackpino,fb9qcd,"This is tricky because emotionally I get where you are coming from, but logically they aren't doing anything wrong.  Nothing is stopping naturals from posting in the curly reddit, in fact Ive seen naturals post their pics and get up votes/comments like everyone else.  We aren't being ignored, we are intentionally segregating ourselves from them because we prefer to post in spaces where we are the majority.  This isn't a bad thing but at the same time we can't get upset if the spot we self segregated from is more poppin. Also I have to check myself when I get annoyed at them ""discovering"" black products because at the end of the day that's more coin for black owned businesses.  Plus we ""discovered"" a bunch of white/latino products too (Aussie Moist, Wetline, etc) so I would look like a hypocrite going off on Susan for raving about Camille Rose lol."
dearDem,fb9qcd,"This. This, this."
ecothropocene,fb9qcd,I noticed that when i saw white women doing the curly girl method
favouriteblues,fb9qcd,"Hey everyone just so you know I created a sub r/coilyhair because of how excluded I felt when I went on r/curlyhair. If anyone is interested in joining or being a mod, let’s make it happen."
here4aGoodlaugh,fb9qcd,What is the devacurl scandal?
knightwave,fb9qcd,"What's wrong with Shea Moisture?? Sorry, I'm still new to so much of this. I can't afford to get their products most of the time, but I've splurged once or twice on some of their leave in conditioners."
micahbananaz,fb9qcd,"Agreed. I unfollowed r/curly as it's mostly wavy/ moderately curly hair people now. I mean I'm still happy that people are learning they don't have to straighten their hair all the time but I just want to see more black hair. I stopped following the cgm a while ago and my hair started growing really fast, especially after bringing back shampoo into my routine. I still follow some of the recommendations but not all. You have to find what works for your hair. I never liked DevaCurl as the only product that worked for me was the arcangel gel. I really like organigrow and olaplex products. Organigrow is owned by a black woman for those interested. She started the company after getting a bad cut at a DevaCurl salon ironically. I'm glad we have our own space anyway. I get more out of this sub than r/curly."
sanya4,fb9qcd,"Speaking in an American context (I’m not sure how phenomena often occurs outside the U.S), there are a variety of products that “cater to naturally kinky hair”, even by Uniliever products now, because the majority of black sales products were relaxers/straighter weaves/wigs not so long ago. Weaves are still overwhelmingly popular in the black communities specifically, but those sales seemed to have increased once the relaxer became less popular. Most of the Afro-textured weaves/wigs being purchased by African Americans have a looser curl (4a)/have been chemically processed in order to resemble afro-textured hair. ”Natural hair” simply means hair that has not been chemically processed or added by extensions.

&#x200B;

Curly hair has been stigmatized and harder to manage, specifically in modern times. This stigmatization and difficulty in management is not limited to Afro-textured hair. And to top it off, nonblack people can have naturally kinky hair. It’s called wooly hair syndrome. Some people with the rare condition have a harder time detangling their hair.   


Anthropologists have been separating curly hair from kinky hair for centuries b/c curly hair has more definition than kinky hair. And the 80’s did rock the curly hair trend back in the day. Black and nonblack ppl would start to put chemicals in their hair in order for it to “look curly.” They still do. That marks the difference b/w curly/natural hair.

&#x200B;

If that was how Ouidad/the curly hair movement started, then I don’t see a problem. It’s called the “curly hair movement” because of one of the eras in which curly hair was becoming more popular, and that curly hair trend was type 3 (or 4a in African American communities. Type 2 is wavy). I believe the straight hair movement began after the Edwardian era?   


Not everyone has the same curl pattern (or lack thereof), so each curl pattern has to be cared for differently, like thickness and porosity types.   


This is interesting to say the least bc overwhelmingly, the race of people that made a big humiliation about curl pattern (among other things) ime was black. And there are some black people in Lebanon."
sugarwater28,fb9qcd,I feel the same way. I unfollowed the curly sub because it was all about what I honestly consider to be wavy hair. I joined this sub for more representation and something other than the curly girl method which drove me crazy seeing in every post.
thecurlmarket,fb9qcd,"Agreed. The natural hair movement is a cornerstone in black culture.

To respond to the guy hosting that podcast, the natural hair movement actually started in the 60s and 70s in the US during a time of civil unrest (Angela Davis was one of the first to popularize the afro). Black people during that time wore their natural hair to affirm black culture and emancipate it from white mainstream society. And we remain natural to this day for that same reason (and also we're done with damaging our hair and introducing chronic illnesses using relaxers and other chemicals lol).

It's sad that we're being left out of the table we created. But at the same time.... it happened with music, fashion, beauty, etc. History always repeats itself.&&&The ""natural hair movement"" was coined BY black people to set a precedent: that black people were going to do what we've been conditioned NOT to do. To wear their hair as it grows out. 

Curly hair is hard to deal with compared to those with straight hair. But on the spectrum of curly hair, looser curls can be managed much more easy. 

More importantly, it's about the fact that only a certain type of curls are ""accepted"" in society. 

Unfortunately black people have been strictly policed in how they wear their hair, and as a result we've done ""unnatural"" things to it that, honestly, nonblack people haven't had to do. Things that, according to current research, can have fatal inplications (i.e. relaxers and lyes may be a reason why black women have the most aggressive types of cancer).

To say that ALL curly hair has been stigmatized equally isn't correct. There's a disproportionate amount of stigma towards black people with tighter textures.. no other way to put it bud. It's no different today.

Nobody is telling white people not to want the best for their curls, but I think it's justified when a black person feels like the natural hair movement has been hijacked. Sure feels that way."
tisawitch,fb9qcd,The natural hair movement has been gentrified.
uhyeaokay,fb9qcd,"This is one of the main reasons why I just went back to using products I grew up with. My mom used stuff like motions pink lotion, blue magic, cholesterol conditioner and old fashioned B&B hair grease and my hair was/is FLOURISHING. Took me a while to understand that not all the products made for us are really MADE for US know what I mean??"
w22greerd,fb9qcd,I do the same for my daughter. She's mixed as well. She mostly uses Shea Moisture but I'll occasionally pick up something from another brand. Why spend that much money on products that will be used up (sometimes quickly)?
weakmindsthinkalike,fb9qcd,I’m starting to see a little more representation of tighter curls on the curlyhair sub which is good but I think wavy haired people need their own sub. I know that the curlyhair sub says no gatekeeping and I think that’s a great idea but at the same time some people post hair on there that barely even has a *wave* let alone a curl pattern. The people posting these photos have harmless intentions but it definitely is a little annoying to see.
NoctilucentNimbus,fb822b,"Saaaame. I've had my hair natural my whole life cause perms never worked on my hair without damaging it badly. I'm always really envious of those who've only had their hair for like 3 years and it's mid-back length while I'm sitting here with my struggling fine, thin shoulder-length hair that can't even do a twistout.

Edit: spelling"
becausesleep,fb822b,"👋You are not alone. Been natural my whole 24 years on this earth and my hair does NOT reflect it. My parents never knew how to take care of my hair, but wouldn't let me get a relaxer. Most of my life I just thought I had 'bad' hair and that was just that. Recent years I have been trying to get it together but when you're not seeing any progress it's HARD. I see people out here with 4-5 years of growth and their hair is waist length. It doesn't help that the tight coils representation is still abysmal and my hair is a coarse 4D. I'm still trying tho. Been working up the courage to post but not there yet. I also feel like I'm the only one out here thats been natural since birth and can't relate to any big chop, but also has nothing to show for it."
knowledgekey360,fb822b,"I understand...I was natural my entire life, but didn't receive any benefit from it until I learned how to care for my hair. I am a Muslims so my hair has always been covered, so I did the minimal, always had my cousin braid me hair up, I would leave the braids in for 2 months and do it all over. Then my dad looked up a bunch of stuff, He printed out articles about taking care of our hair as black women, Ancient Egyptian techniques to taking care of our hair. Non of that would hold for me until  he found Naptural85 on youtube early on, her videos were step by step and I was watching her journey.  I began by using water, conditioner and oil on my hair and keeping it in twist, all week while under my scarf. On the weekends I would take the twist down and rock a twist out (at home). That was my schedule and in maybe 4 or 5 years my hair was to my waist. 

&#x200B;

Basically I say that to say, its the technique and protection of our hair that matters most. Many women receive great results even when straightening their, because they have the proper technique."
puppy_power123,fb822b,"Anyone else been Natural their whole life?&&&I have been natural all my life, never straightened by hair or put and perms or texturizers in my hair. I am however so jealous of everyone making the changes and their hair growing so long and thick in a few years while mine has been growing for 23 years with no cuts and is so short and thin. Does anyone else who's been natural their whole life feeling the green envy?&&&You are me big sis. I really know what you mean. That and when I try all the styles that new naturals do on my hair I look like a fool. Oh lord. Next time I do a flex rod set i'll post it here XD! I only do them to stretch out my hair because when they come out! Lord it's bad!  It really gets me discouraged to a point where I just wanna invest in a wig and cover it up. That and the shrinkage for my hair is nothing to joke about. From neck length to my scalp in one wash."
CKThaPoet,fb0u1q,"Lets Collaborate in the New Black knowledge Discord server&&&I would like to invite your group to the New Black Knowledge discord server its a safe place for africans and africans of the diapora to learn about our history, share books, teach, and learn to do anything you want. We also have a section for people to promote black owned businesses, resources to find lectures and do research papers, even an area for games, music, and free apps to give to your kids.

I would hope you would at least check it out, I made it for the group back in december 2019 to make it easier for them to share learning material and reach out to other black people so we can collaborate, and the server has come a long way here is the link and below there is also a video I did on the server as well and at the bottom is the youtube channel of the group I made the server for if you have question just ask.

Discord link
https://discord.gg/NvgdYq5"
