index,id,comments
WirklichSchlecht,j14xfv,Honestly. That seems okay. I think just be gentle with you it. Is this more than you normally have for keeping a style that long?
black-empress,j14xfv,"I know it looks like a lot, but you went three months without combing through or detangling your hair. Like the other comment says - we shed hair daily and if you’ve had your hair kept away then it just stays in your hair until you comb it out. As long as your hair doesn’t look extremely thin or balding, you are fine!"
flirtandflutter,j14xfv,You say still coming out...how long has it been and how many times have you brushed/combed it out?
sinontherocks,j14xfv,"Your hair might not have liked the fake hair. Depending on the quality of the fake hair, if it is poor it can actually damage your natural hair. The plastic caused micro-cuts in your natural hair. Along with it not being properly moisturized for several months it becomes super weak. When you take it down it breaks off along with the natural 3 months of shed hair. Good luck"
ur_notmytype,j14xfv,"You lose about 100 strands a day so 3 months of not combing your hair, it would look like that."
wavvymia,j14xfv,"Losing a abnormal amount of hair after having faux locs in for 3 months... SO MUCH hair is still coming out when i brush it. Please help&&&&&&first protective style so i’m unsure, it was just overwhelming but i think my hair is ok now :$"
Classyassgirl,j10ewq,"I get treated in really scary ways when I wear the afro out. So I don't.

I use wavers techniques and get very curly short hair easy. No waves though."
TheMajesticKnight,j10ewq,"You get treated in scary ways, how?"
Yugiohrocks777,j10ewq,Scared to do an Afro&&&Is it just me or is anyone else scared to go fully afro? I used to have long hair but now it is short and annoying and very 4c. I am beginning to feel ugly and really would love to find a way to style my hair. I am tempted to leave it out and go but I dont think it suits me...any suggestions?
dairy_free_bacon,j10ewq,What’s scary about an Afro? I do it all the time and love it. lol. There’s nothing quite like a nice fat afro imo. If you dig the style I say give it a try.
duaadiddy,j10ewq,"If you don't like the length of your hair, you can always do diy jumbo box braids. I did them like a month ago because my hair was at an awkward length but I think afros are beautiful and anytime I see one, I think the woman rockin it is a confident badass. But I also completely understand that we all have different comfort levels."
EloquentElixir,j0s5si,Is it possible for you to go to a beautician and get twists or other low manipulation styles so all you have to do is basic care?
Jumpy_Neighborhood10,j0s5si,"If you keep your hair stretched, styling time will be quick. I sleep in 9 bantu knots every night (it takes about 10mins to put up). If my hair is dry, I put grapeseed oil on the ends before twisting it (best cheapest oil for my 4c hair. Buy it in the kitchen section of the store not the beauty section). Wash day could take 20 to 35mins depending on your length. I take down one knot at a time, scrub scalp with a natural shampoo bar, rinse, coat with grapeseed oil, twist back into knot. Repeat for all knots. I let it air dry. It sounds like a lot but it’s really just harnessing the power of the Bantu knot. When it’s not styled, keep it in knots so it won’t tangle. After 8 years of this journey I finally have a simple affordable routine that has resulted in boob length 4c hair 😆"
Southerngurl89,j0s5si,"Too busy to do my hair&&&I just had my third kid and I’m too busy to do my hair. I just don’t have time to deep condition and style like I used to. I’m almost tempted to relax or maybe get locs; anything to just save time and look a little put together. What are some ways to take care of my hair that don’t take a lot of time?&&&I haven’t had a relaxer in over 10 years, but when I did I only had to wrap it at night. It was waaaaay less work than being natural.  Washing my hair is an all day affair. I guess I can just leave it in a bun all the time but my hair doesn’t look slick in a bun without large amounts of product.&&&No, we live in the country and their aren’t any places that style natural hair around us.  I’ve had some box braids  for the last few months. I did them myself; I usually do, it just takes forever.  I mean it’s worth it once I’m finished but I dread having to take them out and wash.&&&Ooh that might work. My hair is bra strap length and it always takes a while to wash and detangle. I work in sections but I wear it out a lot and flat twist before bed. I might just try the knots if they don’t take that long.&&&How long do they last? I like how they look but I’ve never tried them. I always braid my hair smaller because they last a long time.  But it takes me like a week to do my head, because I can only do a few here or there."
duaadiddy,j0s5si,Can you try JUMBO braids or twists? They take way less time and still look cute. Very low maintenance. I had them in 2 months ago and it took me 20 min to do my whole head.
sammy51293,j0s5si,If you relax your hair won't you still have to style it so it wouldn't be much of a difference from having natural hair? I consider myself to be a pretty lazy natural especially lately so my routine is mostly to just wet my hair a bit in the shower  and brush it with some kind of moisturizing product in it along with a serum and sometimes a styler. Then I put it into a simple bun or an easy updo where it's twisted or braided just in the front. That takes a small amount of time and I think it looks nice. I suppose it really just depends on the look you're going for.
Cerikeyo,j0r0ec,"Help moisturizing extremely low porosity hair&&&I have 4a/4b hair that doesn't absorb anything! It's frizzy even when wet and when it dries I completely loose any hint of a coil that I may have had and it feels dry. It looks as if I had brushed it when it was dry. Here is my current routine:

Shea Moisture Manuka Honey & Mafura Oil Intensive Hydration Shampoo  
Camille Rose Algae Renew Deep Conditioning Mask (w/ heat for 40 min)  
Curls Blueberry Bliss Leave-In Conditioner (on wet hair)  
Wetline Xtreme Gel  
Argan Oil

By the way, I detangle with the deep conditioner in before I sit under the  dryer and wash it out. Also, my hair seems to hate heavier products like the Camille Rose Moisture Milk and the Melanin Haircare Twist Elongating Style Cream. They leave white flakes and make my hair very greasy.&&&I actually just got some aloe juice but I'm not sure how to use it. Do I spray it throughout the week or only on wash day?

I don't have a clarifying shampoo but I do use the Aztec Secret Indian Healing Clay Mask every other month. My hair looks a lot better after using it but the next week when I use the shampoo, my hair goes back to being frizzy. Should I switch out the shampoo for a clarifying one?&&&I've heard of moisture overload but not protein overload. Does that mean I should avoid products with protein and silicone?&&&Thanks for the tips! I've never put much thought into the oil, but I'll switch it up and see if that helps."
EloquentElixir,j0r0ec,"Have you tried refreshing your curls with aloe juice and water? Also when was the last time you clarified your hair? Shampoo isn't tough enough for build-up, it specifically has to say clarifier. Immediately after using one (because it can dry your hair out) deep condition. You might benefit from the max hydration method as well.

Have you ever done a hot oil rinse or treatment? Also sone of the products you're using might not work well together? Recently alot of people have been complaining about sheamoisture, i think they have alcohol in their products now, its changed alot."
TuffTitti,j0r0ec,Heat is your friend! I like to warm products up in the microwave and then put it in my hair
animousity692,j0r0ec,"I hope you’ll get better answers than this but personally I wonder if there are silicones in your products that are blocking any product absorption? Although I would think the shampoo takes care of it. My hair only absorbs products when I apply them when my hair is soaking wet. 

also sounds like possible protein overload"
repoetry,j0r0ec,"I’m low porosity and have 4A/4B-ish hair, so I feel you about avoiding protein.  (Plus I’m allergic to coconut so I can speak on any items with coconut in it.) The TGIN I would say from experience is best for doing twists and other manipulated styles since it can literally sit on your hair.

I’d suggest using RED PALM OIL & COCOA BUTTER RINSE OUT OR LEAVE IN CONDITIONER from Shea Moisture or Knot My Honey Instant Detangler from Honey Baby Naturals. While they have similar consistency, the leave in from Shea Moisture is a little more creamy, and Honey Baby’s is more liquid-like.

Out of the two, I personally prefer Honey Baby’s since I can use it for multiple days in a row and not have to spray water on my hair first to work it into my hair. I haven’t seen any residue flaking with either, and my hair feels soft with both, rather softer with the Honey Baby product.

Good luck on your hair journey!"
wrayosunshine,j0r0ec,"Try Mielle organics Curl Smoothie. (Not the leave in, I made that mistake once, not the same). 
Also try experimenting with different weight oils at different stages. I've been using castor oil mixed with deep conditioner and it keeps coils nicely before I even get to styling. 
Sunflower oil is light and penetrative."
Ashleyjasmine,j0kilw,"I love the wash day process but styling afterwards can be hit on miss for me. I’ve figured out what I like though and I keep my routine so simple - shampoo twice, condition and de tangle with a tangle teezer, leave in oil conditioner and blow dry on cool. 

It’s the blow drying that’s made the whole process simple - quick dry, I can style it virtually however I want from there and no single strand knots!"
JDnice804,j0kilw,"I love it because it’s when my hair is at it’s most moisturized! It takes me about 3 hours though but it’s a time when I can watch a show. It detangle for 20 minutes, was for 25, and the rest of the time is spent twisting."
LadyAsharaRowan,j0kilw,People make it a job. It doesn't have to be.
MissD34,j0kilw,"Yes, I enjoy wash days and any time I spend with “Jawockateema” (my hair’s name 😂)."
Nmae23,j0kilw,"I do. My arms get tired and styles are hit and miss, but I love the process of washing and nurturing my hair. It makes me feel good and my hair always looks it's best after a wash day 🙂. Plus, curls be popping, lol."
Petty-lupone,j0kilw,"Im the same way! When I only washed once every three weeks/once a month I DREADED it. But now that I've been washing once a week, wash day is much simpler. Less tangling and shedding and much easier to manipulate. I keep my hair in braids the whole week so it's nice to unravel them and massage my scalp. I look forward to wash day a lot these days"
PhysicsGirl122357,j0kilw,"Yesss, my favorite day. Mines are twice a week and take about an hour . Always worth it"
SugarPie89,j0kilw,"I dont really like wash day but I think thats cuz I never, EVER know what to do with my hair after. Like i dont know how to style it at all. Like sure I know how to do a twist out or a braid out, but they never turn out right imo (probably cuz my ends are hella fked up LOL). But also I hate my hair length when its shrunken and struggle to stretch out my styles without heat. Also my hair is uneven. I just found out the hair on the left side of my head is like over an 1 shorter.... i dont know how I never noticed that or how it happened lol. Washing hair itself tho is alright."
VelvetBlueOcean,j0kilw,"not as much as Protein treatment day. the way my hair get strong, thick, defined and soft is the best feeling ever. I look forward every month."
WirklichSchlecht,j0kilw,"I like clean soft hair but I hate detangling, but that is my hill to conquer. 💪 I don't know how y'all detangle in the shower tho. I almost overheated before I finished shampooing."
bananabeanbonbon,j0kilw,It’s my self love time!
duaadiddy,j0kilw,Does anyone look forward to their wash day?&&&I know that natural hair is A LOT of work but I find that I get so excited for my next wash day because it's only once a week and it's the only time I can manipulate my hair while it's wet. Maybe I'm just bored from the pandemic lol idk how do y'all feel about your wash days?&&&Nooooo you did not name your hair. Girl you too funny!&&&My trick is to detangle after conditioner. It makes a huge difference
lasha890,j0kilw,"I do. And I always felt like I was doing something wrong because everyone else I know dreads them. I find it relaxing and some much needed ""me time"" after a long week."
littlealaska_,j0kilw,"I agree. When people say it takes them hours to complete their wash day, I'm like why? My hair is mid back and it never takes me longer than 1h30, and I sit under a hooded dryer for a half hour."
mmrlng,j0kilw,🙋🏾‍♀️
myvibeiztremendous,j0kilw,"I like my wash days! By the time Sunday comes up, my scalp is itchy and ready to be washed. It’s my “me time” because then I style my hair with my headphones on listening to a podcast. Nice and relaxing."
starbaeatlantis,j0kilw,"I actually like washing my hair, i like having clean  hair. Its relaxing. For me its not that bad. It only becomes a hassle if I try to rush through and don't detangle properly."
szakhia,j0kilw,"I actually find them quite relaxing.  I do all my detangling the night before, so I can run my fingers through my hair in the shower, and it's sooo nice.  Plus getting to watch shows or listen to podcasts while I'm styling my hair brings me so much joy 😌

I feel like us naturals feel as though our journeys are only valid if we suffer, but there are so many ways to make styling your hair really enjoyable and we should embrace it."
uncommonbonus,j0kilw,"I don't. I have to take a lot of breaks because the way my arms are set up.


Weak."
Tiffanetic,j0htm0,Braidout using Miche Beauty Quenched Hydrating & Twisting Butter&&&
Big-Bonkin-Head,j0fnpk,"Why does wet hair tend to smell a lot?&&&When I wet my hair to get ready to wash or co-wash, I can tell there’s a pretty bad smell coming from there and I get worried it smells like it all the time but I don’t smell that when it’s dryer between wash days or weeks. But when I wash with conditioner or let my hair dry up, that smell goes away. I wonder if it’s because of the whole “you can’t smell your scent” or that’s just wet smelly hair type stuff.&&&Do most people’s hair smell bad when wet?&&&Depends, during the winter I go longer, maybe a few weeks without shampoo and I always use good conditioner and products. During the summer, more like once a week or every 2 weeks, but I have been doing outside work more often recently. 

Sometimes I think it’s my shower cap, I really only smell it when I put my cap on but I can’t find a smell on the cap when I take it off. Then I run my hand through it and it smells fine when it’s dry or away from humid areas like my bathroom after a shower. Strange&&&Sounds good to me!!&&&Yeah I feel you, I’ve been thinking of doing more shampoo but that tends to fry my hair like most naturals"
MissD34,j0fnpk,That might just be your specific body chemistry.
SugarPie89,j0fnpk,"It takes my scalp about 9 days to start to smell. And even then it is not a horrible smell. After 2 weeks that is when I start to smell it without having to touch my scalp and sniff my fingers. But I am not sure how bad your hair smells and what it smells like. If it smells really bad it could be a fungus. Ive heard that washing your hair with some baking soda with your shampoo helps get rid of bad smells caused by fungus or bacteria. 

But how long do you go between washes and do you ever use a clarifying shampoo to get rid of all the product buildup, dirt etc?"
dreamytealuv,j0fnpk,"It might smell due to scalp buildup, try doing an avc rinse."
duaadiddy,j0fnpk,"My scalp tends to smell when my hair is wet. I think when hair is dry, unless your nose is deep in your hair, you won't be able to smell it. But when it's wet, the smell comes out. Also I will say, my hair smelled its worst when I used to co-wash because it wasn't getting cleaned properly so just something to keep in mind (I know cowashing isn't for everyone)."
Esmko,j0cjrp,"Idk if this is weird to say, but I absolutely love your nose. It’s so pretty"
Tamaki114,j0cjrp,Beautiful!!
Taybezzie13,j0cjrp,I need to learn how to do my hair like this!
invertRealityforever,j0cjrp,Queeeeen✨✨
littlemisslazzy,j0cjrp,Very pretty
stainedwater,j0cjrp,i am respectfully asking for your hand in marriage
vickykotey,j0cjrp,good hair + makeup today ❤️&&&
DemiNoPipoka,j0b054,Nice hair! How often do you retwist them (with gel or nah?) and for how long have you had them?
Xygn0,j0b054,Super cute!!
anna_banana_13_,j0b054,Cute!
kojicakez,j0b054,Ma’am!!! You are absolutely stunning! GO AWF QWEEN
marceeh87,j0b054,Locs&&&
plantmom98,j0b054,So pretty 🖤
reese81944,j0b054,So cute!!!
EloquentElixir,j0ap0f,You're going to look amazing in locs! You're very handsome
Helpful_Potato_7334,j0ap0f,Day 4 of my two strand twist-starter locs. Ready for my journey to begin. My regular hair is 3A/B/C and can be seen in the last pic.&&&
IAmTwistedT,izvdg7,Locs!&&&
trognj,izvdg7,Nice dreads! Also Reddit as the multi photo upload now so you can upload multiple photos directly on Reddit 👍🏾
PoliticsofOpinion,izro2c,"You should start with a Pinterest. Lots of tips there under black hair, African American hair, natural hair. 

1. Comb - one for your scalp, the little ones with the small spikes. Stimulates scalp. Cleans. Feels great. And a normal one for detangling - I advise against wide toothed unless you've got quite loose curls but I like my hair real smooth. So a rake handled comb is my preferred. I don't like rat rails, you can get the same effect with the rake comb.

2. Shampoo - something with moisture. Water-based. Sulphate free. Opt for something that specifically talks about hydration or detangling. You can add essential oils as you go along if you find you have certain problems but it's not necessary at the beginning. 

3. Conditioner - again water-based, any mayonaises, butters will do great. If you're looking at wash and gos then Pinterest for ideas. You can try lots of different types. 

4. Oil/butter - this for hair dressing. I always go for oil  because it's what my hair is used to. But there are dressing oils -just for making it look pretty, pressing oils - best for the use of heat, butters and creams - best for wash and gos and twist outs (beware of friziness). I know nothing about gel because I don't use it.

5. Heat - hair drying, stretching, straightening etc. Search best hair dryers for African American hair. Titanium straighteners. Ionic hair dryers. Best for reducing damage.  I don't believe in heat protectant that's not pressing oil unless it is specifically parted and combed through all of hair. Otherwise it's useless.

6. Protective styles- plaiting edges back and front will really help. Been doing this all my life and never had a problem with edges."
The90sarevintage,izro2c,"4 years natural here is what I did to be able to decide when I want to go to, my stylist helped but lives far away how. I decided to break it into steps to master before moving on to another skill and following watching YouTube videos of several different stylists for the step. For example I for wash, I watched 3 people with similar hair types, a curly hair person and a man just so I had several different techniques or tools for step 1 and 2 to find what I liked the most.

Step 1 - shampoo/wash/detangle/ leave in
Step 2 - sectioning and stretching 
Step 3 - wash and go 
Step 4 - two strand twists and/or braids
Step 5 - add in hair (box braids)
Step 6 - cornrows 
Step 7 whatever you please

If you respond with your hair type or picture I probably have a YouTuber I follow that can also give tips"
myvibeiztremendous,izro2c,"Start on YouTube. Naptural85 is the Kween! She’ll give you all the info you need. 

Keep in mind: finding products will be trial and error. Don’t give up!

Look for easy styles like twists, flat twists, braids (plaits). You’ll need a wide tooth comb/detangling comb and a leave-in conditioner."
purplesenserator,izro2c,"HELP! Tips, Resources, ETC for someone who is looking to start doing their own natural hair&&& It's really quite embarrassing to say this, but I really don't know how to do my own hair! While I've made a couple of attempts throughout my late teens to early twenties taking care of my hair myself. However, I never styled it in a way that looked ""good"" enough that I would go out with it. And that's when I threw in the towel, and said ""I'm not going to do my hair anymore. I'm going to let someone else do it!""

Fast forward a couple of years later, and I'm back to the topic of wanting to learn to do my own hair. Now, you may be wondering, ""Why would would I want to do my own hair when I said I rather have someone else do it?"" Well the reason for that is simple: the people at the salon that I've been going to seem to have some shady business practices: (Ex: Stylist never showing up for appointments & being told they quit or having to have another stylist do my hair), which I've absolutely hated. I don't know whether it's something I've done or what but it's completely unprofessional! I don't know another salon in my area to go to but I'm seriously thinking about just doing my hair myself. Any thoughts?"
Appropriate_Heron_82,izpbia,"Protein may make things worse. When hair receives too much protein or even too much conditioning it can make the hair mushy and more prone to split ends and brittleness . 

Hey Layah on YouTube has a good video on this that has help me.

I stopped doing protein treatments and only deep condition my hair twice a month.  It has helped tremendously . 

Maybe these tips will help you too."
barmeloxanthonyMD,izpbia,"Holeyyyy cannoli. Somebody please help. Mid strand split/bubble&&&&&&Some strands are just full of these holes/bubbles/incomplete splits. I haven’t used heat on my hair. My hair is usually in twists. Some of my hair feels protein overloaded or maybe just crunchy/brittle from these holes. But some of my hair feels moisture overloaded. I’m in shambles. I just bought the Mielle deep condition/protein mix hoping to find a happy medium. 

I’m in the process of search-&-destroying but any advice on how to avoid? I was thinking of trying to use the tension method/blow drying on low heat/cool air.

I’ve been researching natural hair care like mad but still struggle with crazy breakage. Please guide me!&&&I definitely was overdue. Months. How often do you trim?&&&Usually hair is in two strand twists. 


Before this all, I would use the shea moisture JBCO line. Then moved to trying to clarify with suave clarifying shampoo once a month or so. I use Aussie 3 minute miracle conditioner. I love the slip it gives me. I feel conditioned with mielle babassu & mint DC yesterday. I was going to try to do that weekly. Oh and dealing with Shea butter or Aunt Jackie’s not my flaxseed. 

I don’t have a set routine really bc I’ve been trying to find what works best ugh"
cslrc,izpbia,"I think the crunchy feel is caused by the holes (based on my own experience)&&&Have you checked your iron levels by chance?

How long do you use a comb or a brush for detangling or styling?

I struggle with incomplete splits too, but I don't know yet how to prevent it in my new growth.

But [this blog article](https://www.thenaturalhavenbloom.com/2012/07/mid-shaft-splits-cause-and-prevention.html?m=1) discusses these kinds of splits"
disneysslythprincess,izpbia,What's your weekly and daily routine? What styles do you usually wear? What products?
momodynasty,izpbia,How often do you trim? I get these when i wait too long to trim.&&&I’d suggest getting a reaaaalllly good haircut so your hair can grow in all one length. I had this problem when i did search and destroy because my strands were all different length because i kept cutting in different places. Do you detangle with your fingers or do you use a brush?
Racine17,izhb3m,"Regardless of when you finally let go of your ends caring for your natural hair will still be a learning curve. I think you should be prepared for minor setbacks in length as you figure out what products, tools, methods and regimens work best for your hair. 

I think that since nearly half the length of your hair is natural after 10 months your transition to fully natural in the same length should only take about 2 years. My hair was around the same length when I decided to transition, I was aiming for 2 years but couldn't take the raggedy ends after 18 months. So I chopped a little early and I don't regret it. By the 2 year mark my hair had grown back to the length it was before I started transitioning so I don't feel like I lost anything by doing it early."
WirklichSchlecht,izhb3m,"I think that sounds good. I feel like most people chop whenever they think there is hair is the length they want or they no longer want to manage to textures. I think I transitioned for about a year, but I have coarser looser (4b I think) hair that just stayed in cornrows or braids the whole time."
YhouZee,izhb3m,"Planning on super-longterm transitioning. Thoughts?&&&So I'm transitioning after a lifetime of relaxed hair. 10 months post now, and I'm wondering - instead of cutting off the ends, wouldn't it be wise to leave them as long as possible so they take most of the environmental damage and wear and tear?

I initially planned to chop after 12 months but now I'm toying with the idea of leaving it for up to 4 years. I'm comfortable with cornrows and single plaits (my hair only) with very occasional box braids so there's no issue of styling for me.
I do love long hair, that's the reason why I'm even considering this. I don't care much about leaving my hair out tho. 

I have extremely fine tightly coiled 4c hair and it breaks easily. My short nape and edge hair is a mass of tangles and knots, and I'm afraid if I cut my hair short the ends will begin to tangle too. The relaxed part of my hair is about 10 - 12 inches long and I have 4 - 5 inches of new growth (different sections have different lengths).  

What do you think, is it a good idea? All thoughts welcome.&&&Thanks! It's very true about the learning curve lol. Since I reached about 3 inches new growth wash days have been SCARY. I'm happily learning tho. YouTube and reddit have been especially helpful.

Nb. My relaxed hair alone is 10 - 12"", new growth 4 - 5."
AnalTattoo,iz6t9h,Cheekbones! Very lovely.
Lacasadelmango,iz6t9h,Very pretty! I’m about to do the same
Lovedomi86,iz6t9h,Sometimes you need a break from your hair. Loving my braids for this weather ❤️❤️&&&&&&Thank you&&&Aww thanks 😊&&&Thank you&&&Thank you&&&Yes. Especially in this heat&&&Thank you&&&Thank you 😊
Responsible_Captain,iz6t9h,Just got braids too! So nice not having to think about my hair
Zoieja,iz6t9h,So dope!
bamffigaro,iz6t9h,Cute!
c3rrion,iz6t9h,looks good!!
emmabutlermmu,iz6t9h,"Beautiful hair, beautiful gal!"
