index,id,comments
Jumpy_Neighborhood10,ib4je0,I find that putting my hair up in Bantu knots stretches it pretty well. I sleep in the knots every night and I use them to keep my hair separated after a shower. They do take a full day to air dry though so I always have my wash day when I have no plans to leave the house.
MissD34,ib4je0,Try satin strips. Get about a yard of satin fabric at Joanne Fabrics and then cut it into 1-2 inch strips and make sure they’re long enough to cover the length of your hair and then hold your hair taut while wrapping the satin (the shiny side goes on your hair; the dull side goes underneath) around your hair. This is a “gentler” way to stretch and it adds lots of shine to your hair.
dreamytealuv,ib4je0,You could try stretching it by flat-twisting the hair and then pinning ends back.
ohemaa18,ib4je0,"It could be the hair tie at the root is too much tension l. If you find that the roots aren’t stretched enough without it, try doing smaller braids or starting the braid as a cornrow (if possible)"
why3179,ib4je0,Stretch 4c hair with no heat&&&I have recently decided to go heatless however I still need to stretch my hair. Right after my deep conditioner I will use the LCO method on my hair and section into 8 sections and detangle with a wide tooth comb. Then I put a hair tie at the root and braid the section and let it air dry. This method really works to stretch out my roots and my hair after I wash it. However I recently noticed that some hair at the center of my hair broke off really short (my hair is about 7-8 inches long around the patch and the patch is around 2 inches) it's started to grow out a bit though before it was maybe an inch long. That part of my scalp was a bit sore and I'm wondering if this method is breaking my hair off? It was only in one spot but I cant think of why else I would have this happen to me! Does anyone have any solutions or any other methods to stretching my hair without heat?!
GreatAccomplishments,ib400h,Is this your natural pattern? Or did you do a style (ie twist out)
Joveezydollaa,ib400h,Looks great!
MeanBeanToYou,ib400h,Wow I see that you cut your own hair. It looks super amazing. How do you cut it to get it that way? I wanna do that.
Sycozone,ib400h,what products do you use?
ZeldaInDisguise,ib400h,"Multiple years and haircuts later - I can finally say my hair and I get along&&&&&&I cut and dye my own hair.. I don’t have the money for the salons haha&&&Oddly enough I would really trade my soul for 4b, 4c hair, some days 2b, 2c&&&This is style with one of the paddle brushes that has boar bristles around each regular bristle. I absolutely suck at twist outs"
flowerfairy-1,ib400h,What do you tell your hairdresser when you go? Your hair looks fucking amazing
gaia_de_gaille,ib400h,It’s beautiful! I’m glad you guys are on good terms now lol
netflixbinger44,ib400h,Wow amazingly beautiful
svgarbombs,ib400h,i would kill for your curl type🥺
ClutchinMyPearls,ib3pns,Great growth and your hair looks so healthy! I loved your pixie cut as well!
barelyfeeling,ib3pns,!9 MONTHS OF GROWTH! (B4 pic at the end)&&&&&&thankyou so much!
IAmTwistedT,ib2s5d,You can’t find me in someone else 🤘🏾&&&
DegreeDubs,ib2mkr,I've been using [EDEN Bodyworks Jojoba Monoi Natural Deep Conditioner](https://edenbodyworks.com/products/jojoba-deep-conditioner) for months and my hair really likes it!
Finehaircoily,ib2mkr,Try Live Clean curls conditioner (approx $5). Silicone free. I add oils when I want a little more slip and moisturization. Would love to know if you try it and your opinion.
Petty-lupone,ib2mkr,"I love the Maui moisture hydrate and heal shea butter mask. Has tons of slip and I always felt like it did a good job of moisturizing my hair. I have 4a low porosity hair with fine strands btw. I usually wet my hair and detangle/deep condition with the Maui moisture, let it sit for an hour then rinse and wash my hair. I think most naturals deep condition after washing but that never worked for me"
PhysicsGirl122357,ib2mkr,"Shea moisture  raw Shea butter masque , it’s amazing , detangles well and leaves your hair insanely hydrated . It’s specially for people w dry or transitioning hair . I use it weekly"
Timely-Regret,ib2mkr,"Good deep conditioner with slip AND moisturizing?? Nothing is working for me!&&&I have 4c hair that I think is low or medium porosity, and while I’ve found great styling products that help with detangling my hair, I’m having a hard time finding a conditioner/deep conditioner that detangles well and that I can use every week. Anyone have recommendations?

Conditioners I’ve tried:
~Shea moisture JBCO masque - actually works great, but I can only use occasionally because of the protein

~Shea moisture intensive hydration hair mask - just terrible. Worst conditioner I’ve ever used

~Mielle organic mogongo oil protein free conditioner - moisturizing but not enough slip

~Camille Rose Algae renew deep conditioner- similar opinion as the JBCO mask

~TGIN honey miracle hair mask - felt like it didn’t do anything for me, not much moisture or slip

~Aussie 3 minute miracle - great slip but zero moisture&&&Yeah everyone raves about all those conditioners so I was really disappointed that most of them didn’t work for me. It makes sense to me now that I know the formulas have changed.

I’ll check these out! I’ve used the brigeo heat protectant and really enjoyed it so I’d be especially interested in trying out their mask&&&Thank you for the recs! I buy almost exclusively online these days lol so I’ll definitely check out these brands&&&Nice I’ll check it out! Shea moisture is so accessible, but I’ve had a hard time finding anything from them that works well in my hair. I know they sell some of their conditioners in those travel packets so I’m gonna shop around for that mask"
cosmicasshoe,ib2mkr,"I’ve been natural for over six years and a lot of the things I started off buying at the local pharmacy in the area were sadly reformulated or just don’t work the same no more (everything in your list basically)😭

If you’re willing to splurge a bit and buy online: 

Briogeo Don’t Despair, Repair DC; 
Any DC from Soultanicals;
Melanin Haircare Multiuse Leave In - can be used as a DC as well (I’m currently using);
A DC pack from NaturAll Club 

I think these are the only ones I’ve early seen a difference in the moisture levels. they melt in my hair (low porosity) and it’s so easy to comb out the tangles. 

Good luck!

Edited: formatting"
flirtandflutter,ib2mkr,"My favorites have been:

* Mielle Organics Babusso Oil and Mint
* Devacurl Matcha DC
* Curl Junkie Repair Me

Unfortunately except for the Mielle, the other two are pretty pricey."
happyhippoking,ib2mkr,"Would you be willing to buy online? If so, I highly reccomend Honey's Handmade Oh Honey mask or Coconut Water Hydration line, Shescentit Tahitian Cocktail or Marula Mallow lines, Curl Origin Honey and Hibiscus or Maracuja line, Curl Junkie Curl Rehab or Beauticurls Strengthening conditoner and lastly EcoSlay Banana conditioner. All these conditioners are more humectant and emollient rich with some oils and butters; rather than being oil and butter rich. On the ground, The Mane Choice Heavenly Halo or Exotic Kool Laid or the Sally's Beauty GVP Conditioning balm. The Mane Choice is better to catch on sale, imo, because those prices are way too high for the size."
ohemaa18,ib2mkr,EDEN also has an [almond marshmallow deep conditioner ](https://edenbodyworks.com/products/almond-marshmallow-split-end-repair-masque) that is very good. I’m on my second jar and I’ve always struggled to find a deep conditioner that worked for 4c hair. [Alikay Naturals Honey and Sage conditioner ](https://alikaynaturals.com/products/honey-and-sage-deep-conditioner) was also good when I used to use it
vengefulhart,ib2mkr,"You can add slip to your deep conditioner by adding a bit of honey/ oil and a bit of water. Just put the amount of deep conditioner you would use on a wash day into a separate container, then add the items. That way the container with the original conditioner won't get contaminated. My hair is quite dense and this works wonders when I need to use a tangle teezer to detangle, the brush just glides through."
primaltriad77,iavog9,"You *should* be terrified of putting rubber bands in your hair! They're awful for your hair! Get the elastic bands that are covered in cloth. They come in different colors, sizes, and thicknesses.
Also, oil and grease will cause rubber to stiffen and break."
worrybethdenberg,iavog9,"A question about rubber bands...&&&How do y’all use them without ripping your hair out at the roots? My daughter & I have fine, dense, 3c/4a hair & I’d love to mimic all of the hairstyles i see online but i’m terrified of rubber bands. 

Do you oil/condition them before use?

Apply grease at the root as a protectant?

Tell me your secrets please!&&&Thank you! I shouldn’t have been 2nd guessing myself. I’ll stick to the toddler elastics ;)"
AvidInspiration,iauukn,"Is it okay to wash my hair without prepooing it? Is it okay to straighten my hair before braiding it?&&&I ran out of coconut oil and don't have time to go to the store and get another one before I wash my hair. I still have a deep conditioner and hair cream left which I'll use after washing my hair. My shampoo is sulfate free too. Do you think my hair will be okay? Also, I plan on using this  heat comb straightener to make my hair straight only a little bit since my braider requested I straighten my hair a little bit so it is easier to comb. The goal is to make it straight it enough to comb through easier. I won't straighten it all the way. My mom plans on doing quick braids to protect my hair after I straighten it before actually doing real braids for the braider. Is that okay?
Overview: is it okay to wash my hair without prepooing it?
Is it okay to straighten my hair and then quickly braid it and then take out those braids a Day later and fully braid it again?&&&Thanks for the advice. It's just a little bit of heat. We don't have any heat protectants in the house right now. Also I don't have any protein treatment either. Am I screwed? Lol&&&Thank you!"
flirtandflutter,iauukn,"Yes it's okay to wash your hair without pre-pooing. Doing it once in a while won't cause any harm. It might even be BETTER before braiding, as you won't be able to get in there to wash it for a while so it should be as clean as possible before braiding. 

The heat is more likely to cause damage. Can you use a good heat protectant  before applying the hot comb? Also consider doing a protein treatment before the final wash too, to make the hair stronger and more resilient to damage."
purplemoonchild06,iauukn,"Skipping a prepoo once, will probably not have any major effect, and as long you’re super careful and use a heat protectant you should be fine"
Sam-0808,iakylc,I hope you don't go to bed without putting your hair in some twists or braids lol. You'd be setting yourself up for failure. Learned that the hard way.
Ummmmexcusemewtf,iakylc,Thick 4c hair. How do you sleep&&&Shrinkage is such a bitch. It goes from longer than my hand  to shorter than my fingers. How do I stop it from getting matted&&&🤡 <-- me&&&I am putting my hair into twists now and finger detangeling it. Who new one night was all it took be a tangled mess
chichihuahua,iakylc,Two strand twists and wrap with bobby-pins
Ad1a,iaiqih,KeraCare Edge tamer
PhysicsGirl122357,iaiqih,"Edge control&&&I’m having this issue where I use a good edge control, lay my edges and then hours later they just don’t seem to hold at all. I’m using a pretty strong one that people w 3B-4C use but it just doesn’t do the job. Does anyone have any recommendations? Should I just try a gel like eco styler instead?&&&Thank you! I need to try that.&&&I’m using certified Bella beauty edge control . It works well but just not long enough . Or I just don’t know how to do my edges ... idk&&&I have 3B/A hair , low porosity"
growthandstuff,iaiqih,"Hmmm, I'm not sure if this helps, but using a boar bristle edge control brush has helped me A LOT when it comes to taming my edges. I am currently transitioning to natural hair, but I noticed that my boar bristle brushes help me just as much as a good product. One gel that I use and that I currently love is the ""**Curls Professional Curl Defining Gel"".**  It has great ingredients and in my opinion, a pretty awesome hold.

Edit: It does contain vegetable glycerin! I'm not sure if that bothers you are not. Here are the ingredients listed on Target, just in case I forget something: Botanical Infused H2o, Polyquaternium-11, Sorbitol, Certified Organic Aloe Barbadensis Leaf Juice, Certified Organic Polyquaternium-37, Polysorbate 80, Vegetable Glycerin, Certified Organic Coconut Milk, Certified Organic Cordata Flower Extract, Certified Organic Linden Seed Oil, Certified Organic Flaxseed Oil, Certified Organic Chamomile Extract, Certified Organic Rosemary Extract, Phenoxyethanol, Caprylyl Glycol."
hippotus,iaiqih,"The only one that actually holds my hair is Murray's Edgewax. When I use it, I don't have to reapply for at least 2 days."
smellzlkebtmn4ever,iaiqih,"May I ask what you are using? I have the same issues, but the one that a hair stylist used was called edge boost and that has worked very well for me. I believe Amazon sells it"
Finehaircoily,iahv6d,Remember to moisturize moisturize and moisturize. This will give your hair a great foundation for your journey. Please check back in and let us know how it’s going. Good luck!!
hipyoungmom,iahv6d,"I’m finally doing it!&&&I have had my hair relaxed since I was 7. My regular hair lady who I loved moved, and her replacement did my hair twice. I love him he is fabulous but he has damaged the fuck out of my hair. I think due to a color process (nothing crazy, just highlighting but I don’t think it mixed well with relaxer). Anywhoo I’m going to finally go natural. I love the way my roots feel and I want to have healthy hair. ❤️❤️&&&I went to Whole Foods and got both 100% sweet almond oil and 100% grape seed oil. I like the grape seed better for moisture but it smells a little like cooking oil so I spritz risk shine spray on top basically just because it smells good 😂"
sjackson1,iahv6d,I love that for you ❤️❤️
Dreadindian,iaajpm,LOVE to all♥️ Have a fun weekend peeps!KEEP SMILING:))&&&
