index,id,comments
Existing_Employ_4258,jzap2w,Natural Hair Care&&&[removed]
Existing_Employ_4258,jzap2v,Natural Hair Care&&&[removed]
acbutler1234,jza6fe,You are so freaking beautiful!!
notlaurynhill,jza6fe,"First post here! Went through my photos and noticing my growth! January v Now! Anyway, what’s your go-to styles for the colder months (bc I would like to keep my growth)? I usually keep my hair in twists or braids but I would like to try something diff🥺&&&&&&Thank you!🥺💕&&&Oooh maybe I’ll try that! Thank you!&&&Thank you!💕"
slayinAM,jza6fe,man for a second i thought this was a skincareaddiction community post— but its not. Your hair and skin are amazing 🥰
smokeweedeatmagoes,jza6fe,"bantu knots are my fave bc they prevent breakage, especially if you do them with chebe powder"
rmvmanagement,jz751b,What You Need To Know Afro American Hair&&&
albertanimal,jz74a3,I want to try and grow my hair out for the first time and i have no idea what products to get and what I should be doing. My end goal is a wash n go or something like that.&&&&&&my hair is 4b or so ive been told
eelucktricksun,jz74a3,"If you're washing every day after you wash your hair, while it's still wet, use leave in conditioner(TGIN is my fave), custard/cream optional(TGIN is super moisturizing), put oil on your scalp edges and especially your ends(castor oil as already suggested, olive oil, jojoba and almond oil are good when mixed w/others, LOVE Mielle's Almond oil for my scalp), then style. My brother used to use that sponge after putting in the cream."
mamaswirl,jz74a3,"With winter coming up, castor oil is a good bet to seal in moisture."
M1Living,jz6nj0,Is my hairline receding or can I grow it back?&&&
OrangeIvyy,jz6nj0,I don’t see anything missing
bexyrex,jz6nj0,it's not receding most people get a reduction in density around the hairline. now if in 6 months it looks further back (or measures further back) then you can start thinking about hair loss
TommyLegs18,jz6ejn,Two Strand Twist Out | *RESULTS ON LOCS (2021)&&&
GoodyOldie_20,jz4eqi,I wish we could start a product swap. Quench doesn't work for me and I have a nearly full bottle.
TdoubleB,jz4eqi,"I use Quench, it is the only replacement for the Shea Moisture lowpo line that works for me."
inchoatemeaning,jz4eqi,What's your hair type?
jouska_exulansis,jz4eqi,These products are INCREDIBLE&&&&&&I’m a mixture of 4b and 4c
just_ate_ur_cat,jz4eqi,"I got 4c hair and everytime , i pass this line in the store😩. I want to buy it so bad but i have too many products ( barely 8 and they are not brand’s whole line and they don’t really work) according to my mom ... i’ve never stuck to a line before , i just take a product from it and mix it with other which might explain my hair’s dryness ..."
laurashubby2006,jz4eqi,I got my daughter aunt Jackie’s conditioner this weekend and she can’t stop raving about it.
BreakableSmile,jz3z3m,I am getting there but not there yet. Just trying some new things to find my staple products.
BuriBuri86,jz3z3m,Yes! I actually Love my collection! It reminds me of my story and how far I have gotten.
Disastrous_Flower667,jz3z3m,"I stopped my perfume addiction by smelling all of them, realizing my top 3 high quality scents and ONLY buying those when they are finished. I DO NOT buy the accompanying body wash, only the perfume....not even the gift set. I stopped going into bath and body and switched to glade plug-ins because they are soooo much cheaper and smell just as good. I also replace ONE at a time when it’s empty OR if it’s ridiculously cheap at TJ Maxx or something. It helps that I love classic fragrances that tend to be available at discount stores. When something new comes out I do not smell it.... I have a collection that keeps me smelling good enough. I also walk past the fragrance section of any store because I do not need temptation. It took a year to use up the old stuff but I am down to 3..... that’s it!"
Greybgone,jz3z3m,Na I usually use whatever until it's gone even if I don't like it that much.
HomeAlonePigeonNo3,jz3z3m,I personally love it. I use it on my soaking wet hair right after conditioning and then I’ll use the LOC method and the difference is insane for me. Not really sure my hair type. Some type of dry coil 😂
Insearchofmedium,jz3z3m,So much money in that cabinet right now lol
LadyTK,jz3z3m,My hair is soo picky that I would be wasting my money to be a product junkie. I be tempted though but then I remember.
Mama_Odie,jz3z3m,"I don't think this counts but when I find a product line or a product, I buy multiples and stock up. I 3 product lines I use and I'm stocked for about 2-3 years."
Notokay741,jz3z3m,"I need a donation, cause a bitch is broke."
Odayah,jz3z3m,"My first thought ""Damn thats alot of money in there"""
OnTheGreyScale,jz3z3m,Yes! There’s just so many new products to try. I feel like I’m doing an awesome hair experiment every time I try a new one. It’s addicting 🙌🏽💕✨
Section101,jz3z3m,No I used to buy different things but now I hate clutter. So my general rule is don’t buy a new product for a specific use until the current one is finished. A bit annoying when I buy something that doesn’t work well and I have to finish it but makes me appreciate when I use something and my hair responds well.
Similar-Tourist-4131,jz3z3m,When I saw the Suave Almond+Shea butter conditioner I knew I saw a person of culture. 😎😌 that ish is the bomb dot com
Xygn0,jz3z3m,Yes mainly because I'm still figuring out what works best for me or not. Any advice on that?
aiandi,jz3z3m,But black Friday is on Friday!
alkeid,jz3z3m,Yep..this is absolutely me lol
ashersz,jz3z3m,I was until I found out what works for my hair
bexyrex,jz3z3m,HOLY shit wanna send some my way hahaha. I am not a product junkie I own like a few at a time and I still feel like i'm cluttered.
bluplaydoh,jz3z3m,"So do all of those work for your hair? I was a product junkie for about a month, but it became a total waste of money because a lot of it just didn’t work for my hair."
bottledbed,jz3z3m,"I used to but  now I’m realizing how much money I waste on it and am satisfied with what I currently use, anyways...let me know how that Camille rose honey hydrate is👀👀"
cierachamere,jz3z3m,"Not anymore, but that's cause I just found out I am allergic to a lot of things (protein products) and soy.

If something works and doesn't break me out its a keeper."
commonwhitebread,jz3z3m,"Mine looks just like this. Got 3 drawers in my bathroom full of products. I find that my hair actually likes only like half of what I own, I've been handing things off to my mom or my sisters or friends. Sometimes I want to repurchase things I know I love, but prices... The camille rose leave ins and maui moisture are some of my faves!"
fefelala,jz3z3m,My selfish ass wants a review of every single product
freemelania2024,jz3z3m,Cantu shampoo and conditioner some tea tree oil and an aloe leaf.cantu leave in and aloe again for styling.
ifnothingbecomes,jz3z3m,How would you find those??
keysecret,jz3z3m,"Only when it comes to deep conditioners. Luckily, I recently found my go to leave in, moisturizer/styler and sealant! But I loooove trying new deep conditioners."
mamaswirl,jz3z3m,I'm not but I'm gonna turn into one trying to find a shampoo and conditioner that don't wreck my hair.
rsedour,jz3z3m,For me it's lipstick. Every time I enter a drugstore I have to buy some kind of lip product
sammy51293,jz3z3m,I am but I've finally reached a point where buying new haircare doesn't appeal to me because I just have so much of it and I love what I have atm........Now I just need to control my perfume spending habits.
skatejet1,jz3z3m,what type of money...
thatstickytackstuff,jz3z3m,"I used to be. Buying natural hair products can be addicting af, until you realize you just spent $15 on an 8oz jar of something your hair immediately rejected 😭"
unreal_air,jz3z3m,"I have that Aunt Jackie’s deep conditioner in the top right, works great for me"
woefultofrofull,jz3z3m,"Anyone else here a product junkie? I am but I'm trying to change. Currently on a new product ban until the end of 2021!&&&&&&That's the point I'm at. I love trying stuff but now I'm finding stuff that really works, the rest of it doesn't appeal to me as much. But I don't waste things so I've got to use it all!!&&&To be honest, my hair likes most products. I've not had many outright hair disasters but it's now about sorting brands that I like and product formulations that create a healthy environment for my hair. I'm a lot more picky these days. I haven't used some of the stuff in there but as I said I'm on a ban until the end of next year and then I'll transition into only buying tried and tested products I love.&&&I do product reviews on my blog And I think that has contributed to my buying habit but it's kind of overwhelming now. I think I've got enough to k ep me going way past the end of my ban!&&&My hair tends to like most things but yea, the money side is crazy. Especially if you buy the small independent products.&&&Make a list to keep track of what's working and not working. There's nothing wrong with experimenting but I've got to the place where I'm starting to find what works. Also  if you only try one or two new thing at a time alongside things  you've already found that work that can help then you know if the new thing is good or bad.&&&I was going to tally up the cost but I don't want to scare myself but to be fair this is years worth of product buying, I'm a bit of a hoarder 😳&&&I literally just used it for the first time yesterday. It's amazing!&&&Yup and I ain't buying a damn thing!&&&🤣🤣&&&That's my plan going forward, I just wish I'd come to this conclusion sooner!&&&That's so good to hear. Very excited to try the Camille rose leave in set.&&&It's too much. I used to think it's cool but now I can't wait to use it all and just stock up with what I love!&&&If you're struggling, possibly try clay as an alternative. I use it once a month and it cleans my hair beautifully, makes it feel soft and defined.&&&That's good to know! I actually bought it when we travelled to the US a couple of years ago. I'd heard good things about Suave and you can't get it in the UK so I had to have it when I saw it.&&&I can't wait to do that. I like to stock up because I'm paranoid the product will get discontinued which has happened with a couple of skin products in the past, I was devastated!"
wrknprogress2020,jz3z3m,"Prior to getting locs, yes! I attended EVERY natural hair event in my area and gathered so many samples/free products. I rarely paid for them. It can be an expensive habit."
Nosey-and-curious,jz2nwz,Decided to finally try an aztec clay mask... lets see how this goes with my hair. Has anyone else done this? I'm hoping it may help with manageability&&&&&&How often do you do it?&&&Oooo imma add an oil next time . Might have to steal some from my moms kitchen LOL
arincer,jz2nwz,"I have! I like it, but I feel like I always have trouble getting all the clay out despite rinsing really well. It gives great curl definition."
tequillagivescourage,jz2nwz,"I do it every 4th wash.  I love it. I add apple cider vinegar, water and olive oil to it."
ImNotACritic,jyxzb9,Yeah basically the only products I use for my hair now
OrangeIvyy,jyxzb9,"Yeah you’re right 

Personally I wouldn’t recommend Cantu."
QueenKida,jyxzb9,Love the coconut curling cream.
WaterPAsign,jyxzb9,"I don't cantu, but is this product good?"
amethyst_asuna,jyxzb9,Cantu has rubbing alcohol in it.
b-t-t,jyxzb9,Day 3 after wash. I am very impressed with these results after day 3 of wash and go. I just used the gell then then curl cream and my hair never looked better. I spray my hair with aloe gell water in the morning to fluff it up and it still looks shinny.&&&
eelucktricksun,jyxzb9,"I've been natural my whole life and never bought Cantu. MIL bought this jar for my daughter when visiting one time so of course I continued to use it. Hair days were especially tumultuous and my daughter would cry and scream like no other. I was patient bc she was a child and adjusted but I know I'm light handed cuz I've been told by super tender headed women that I didn't cause them any pain. I was often perplexed that her hair was dry because I was using the LCO method that always worked for my hair and chalked it up to me learning her hair. I hate being wasteful but eventually got fed up with trying to use the Cantu, plus, I didn't like the smell of it anyway. AS SOON as I used TGIN curl cream things changed. Her hair was no longer dry, her curls were popping, she was still frustrated when getting her hair done but not shedding nearly as many tears as when I was using Cantu on her hair. 

TL;DR Don't use Cantu the s*** is horrible for your hair and dries it out."
honeyboat,jyxzb9,YESSSS! Try using the curling cream with the pink eco styler gel and I promise you’ll fall in love 🥺🥺💓
honeydippt,jyxzb9,I love Cantu! Their leave in conditioning cream is my shit
junebugg15,jyxzb9,"It is probably drying the hair out making it dehydrated. Dehydrated hair has little curl definition, less shine, and more frizz. You can see the curls are really nice but they aren't at their full potential."
twitchywitchy-,jyxzb9,Looks great! ☀️
Cow-Specialist,jyuyhn,"I grease my scalp prior to putting in a protective style, that has worked for me so far."
LovesGG,jyuyhn,I used to get dandruff with a fresh wash even if I used special products. My dermatologist helped me figure out that it wasn't really dandruff. Until then you can try to lightly spray your scalp with water and use some jojoba oil.
Riungufaith,jyuyhn,"Dandruffs.&&&How do you guys get rid of dandruff on freshly done box braids or any protective style?&&&Immediately after being plaited the box braids, I applied shea butter on the scalp because I realized my scalp was dry. I think the shea butter accelerated dandruff, I'm not sure and I don't apply shea butter on the scalp.
Kindly tell me how should I moisturize with braids on?&&&Next time, I'll try this.Thanks&&&Thank you very much"
mindoverego_,jyuyhn,You might have a dry scalp and just need to moisturise it more
PinkMelaunin,jyrjlz,"Exfoliate, use witch hazel, and use hydrocortisone (you can buy anywhere)"
Scarlettred1,jyrjlz,Tendskin
cjwatcha,jyrjlz,"Shaving tips needed&&&Hey, I’m 19 y/o and african american. I started shaving last year. Every time I shave my face, I have these bad bumps all over my face and neck.

I use 5 blade razor from Gazelle and basic shaving cream. 

What should I do or change?

I would really appreciate any tips!"
fakeperson2020,jyrjlz,"Why 1-2 blades, The Less blades the better ??"
happyhippoking,jyrjlz,"A safety razor is recommended. Shave in the direction of the hair rather than against it, which leads to less jagged edges at the end of hair. Avoid going over the same area more than once."
road2health,jyrjlz,"Only use a single blade, safety razor. The razors with multiple blades will cause razor bumps because the cut the hair below the surface of the skin and when it grows back will curl under the skin."
wizker,jyrjlz,"‪TEN SHAVING SECRETS 😎‬
- Sterilize tools w soap/hot water/rubbing alcohol
- Only 1-2 blades 
- Shaving cream+steam 2min prep
- 1-2 slow, short passes per area
- Don’t press so hard
- Shave WITH the grain
- Shave 6 days apart
- No lotion/Yes aftershave 
- No super tight clothes
- Exfoliate daily #wizkerbrush&&&with each pass of the blade, the hair follicle is lifted up and has a greater chance of falling below the skin and thus becoming trapped and ingrown. more blades (plus more passes) more ingrowns"
Crystalbabie,jynlgt,Deep condition every week so your hair is moisturized then use a leave in conditioner on top of the leave in use a curl cream then use a gel and rake it through your hair after this do finger coils
OrangeIvyy,jynlgt,"No, those people have hair types that have more of a defined curl pattern and 4C hair typically lacks curl definition. You can do a wash and go and see what the results are. You can also deep condition and moisturize once a week"
arincer,jynlgt,gel and some finger coiling
atomicoddball,jynlgt,"Honestly you can never really change your hair texture, it can get looser over time and as it gets a bit longer, but for the most part your hair will remain the same regardless to what you try to do to with it&&&But for a similar result you can try cornrowing and twist outs, but you should really focus on taking care of your hair overall. You’d be surprised at the results 😊"
corysilk,jynlgt,"2nd pic is not possible. 
You might be able to achieve the first pic tho.  First section your hair and rake gel thru the small sections.  If its not curly to your liking you can try comb coils, but that seems a bit much for a beginner."
isaac00004,jynlgt,Is it possible for me to turn my 4c hair into something curly like these other pictures? If so how can i do it?&&&
AkMichelle96,jyjjo6,Okayyyy swinging!
devanimate,jyjjo6,1 year hair growth&&&
mikan-kuri,jyjjo6,I love the realistic image of 1 year hair growth. Congrats on the length retention.
RacqsReal,jyiuig,What are the best products for a braidout?&&&[removed]
LCG05,jygh1g,"That could explain the influx of spam in my mailbox. If it happened to you, they did it to all of their contacts. Unfortunately, there is no recourse for their actions."
LadyTK,jygh1g,"Yeah, a lot of these companies sell our info to random third party companies now."
ricecake10,jygh1g,"Curlkit gave away my email and Name to random businesses.&&&I started to get random emails from small businesses that I never signed up for. I emailed on of them back and they said they got my email from the current CurlKit giveaway.

I did not sign up for any giveaway and the last time I had a Curlkit box was 7 years ago. I’m annoyed that they just gave away my information without my permission.

Has this happened to anyone else?"
35forever,jye5oz,I also say no
Crystalbabie,jye5oz,No don’t even it out
legendaryz07,jye5oz,Trying to grow it out my hair but should I even it out?&&&
