index,id,comments
MissD34,hyk0x4,Try Shea butter...
blaquebeauty15,hyk0x4,Softening Butter&&&I've used Dark and Lovely Au Naturale Softening Butter for years and it's made a huge difference when combing my hair. I'm not sure why but it's becoming way harder to find. Does anyone have any alternative recommendations of a softening butter that they use? Bonus points if it ships to Canada easily. TIA!&&&Thank you!! Looking it up right now. Hair products being discontinued is worse than a break up 😂&&&Thank you! 💕 I know shea butter is tried and true. Was hoping for a specific product as well.
jutrmybe,hyk0x4,I know how you feel. Miss jessie's has been the only formulation that has worked for my hair and I would die without it. The miss jessies baby buttermilk and baby buttercreme are pretty great for softening my hair and making it manageable
Trendynesia,hyfjzs,Stunning Short Haircuts for Girls | Best Bob Haircut Ideas | Cute Hairstyles for Short Hair&&&
Lady-Chamomile,hyd10z,"Honestly, I'd love to, but most greases has lanolin and I find my scalp reacts very poorly to that (the mineral oil and petrolatum in greases however, do well for my hair). Like my hair was long as a child with it but my scalp was on fire. But like everyone else says, if it works for you, do it! You're not wrong at ALL for using it. 

Personally, I have been using the Sunny Isle JBCO Pure Butter (comes in regular, lavender and coconut oil) as it has a grease like consistency and results but's made of just JBCO (with lavender EO and coconut oil for the scented versions). It gives me the same sealent properties as old school grease but my scalp isn't itching/flaking."
ZeldaInDisguise,hyd10z,"Anyone going back to using grease?&&&I fell into that trap of “petroleum is bad for your hair” bad as a kid I had hair to my butt that was STRONG.

I used Blue Magic twice so far. I’m not sure how I feel about the wash and go results when pairing with gel but it’s undeniable how much more hydrated and strong my hair feels. 

Am I wrong???"
carlthebrute,hyd10z,"I started using grease on my scalp and as a sealant in May. My scalp hasn’t itches or been flaky since and my hair retains moisture a lot longer. If it works for you, keep doing it."
kingdomcame,hyd10z,"I'll echo everyone else here: you gotta do what works for you, always."
motherschuker,hyd10z,Girl do you.
queenebony,hyd10z,"You have to use what works best for you...only you know how your hair and scalp reacts to certain products.

I stay away only because I have low porosity hair and it's just product build up for me. 

&#x200B;

[Ebony Crown - Curated Black-Owned Hair & Beauty Brands](https://www.ebonycrown.com)"
sdossantos97,hyd10z,"I just went back to using blue magic, the answer to all my natural hair problems has been $2 this whole time."
xxxshoshoxxx,hyd10z,"I used grease and it works with my hair. If it works for, that’s fine"
myvibeiztremendous,hyadcl,New hairstyle; I’m feeling it!&&&
Ilike2eatcandy,hy9m83,I'm jellyyyyy love it 😍
SpitAFlow,hy9m83,"Looooooooooove your hair 😍 btw, am I going crazy or is that a Hanzo POP on your bookshelf??"
SugarsDimples,hy9m83,Fro envy!✨
grlwthepanthertattoo,hy9m83,omg your hair is beautiful sheesh
npisces06,hy9m83,"Fully puffed vs two puffs!&&&&&&No, its a Baze Malbus one from star wars rogue one! But i do have a Tracer and a McCree one somewhere else!!"
AnalTattoo,hy90xk,You've got some thick hair!
Cornrow30,hy90xk,Still growing.&&&
Greybgone,hy90xk,Damn bro you picking that out everyday?
Konradwolf,hy90xk,giggled
badbslay,hy90xk,looks good!
sounds-good-bro,hy90xk,"I’m so jealous I can’t pick my fro out like that! I have it tapered and shaped so when it’s picked out it’s not round lol. 

Nice fro!"
thatguy2130,hy90xk,Legit bro
wetwhyofcourse,hy90xk,Nice!
devonmoray,hy1027,"Looking for recommendations&&&HELP! (25F) Looking for a black hair salon or stylist that encourages healthy hair (straight and natural) in Denver, CO

So I’m new to Denver, Colorado and I am a natural transitioning from heat damage. I’ve become really on top of my hair health and I left a really good hair stylist in Philadelphia that worked with both straight and natural black hair. Looking for any recommendations of black hair stylist that can flat iron and trim my hair safely and reasonably! Thank you :)"
PrettyHarmless,hy0a3p,"4c

check naturallycurly.com"
dolphinne,hy0a3p,"Does anyone know what my hair type is? (or could guess?), I've never cared about hair texture but I would like to hear what you think it is 👀👀👀 (note: it was wet when I took this)&&&&&&Ahhh okay, I've done the test twice and one result said ""4B"" while the other said ""4C"" so idrk&&&got it!"
extrawavy,hy0a3p,"Maybe 4b with some 4c

I don’t know my hair type either lol 😂"
gt27,hy0a3p,Your hair looks like it's 4C.
2oatmeal_cookies,hxz5kg,Sorry but Black women with very curly hair shouldn’t be your target audience. We don’t “scrunch” our hair. It’s already scrunched.
jaejaeok,hxz5kg,"1. No pain points. I don’t even see why people do it honestly. If your hair is natural and curly, I find twirling or tension to be more effective than scrunching. Hope you don’t find that discouraging. I just want to be honest. 
2. I don’t but I do spend about 10 minutes finger twirling for my curls to come in well. 
3. N/A 
4. To do more than scrunch such as make the praying method or finger twirl method faster or to do large sections than I can do with my hands."
poke-xo,hxz5kg,I would only do the scrunching motion on my hair to make my it flatter. And actually that’s more like patting than scrunching. Is that what you mean because the term scrunching is used for straightest hair to appear wavy .
surealll,hxz5kg,"Scrunching Hair&&&Hi Everyone! I am working on creating a tool for scrunching hair, with less effort! I have a few questions to guide my development of the product:

1. I was wondering what your big pain points are when it comes to scrunching hair?
2. On average, how long do you scrunch your hair?
3. Why do YOU scrunch your hair? How does it benefit your hair specifically, or generally?
4. What would you expect from a hair scrunching tool (besides the basic functionality)? You can speak to design, functions, ergonomics etc.

These are some open ended questions but any and all responses are welcome!&&&Hi Thank you for sharing your thoughts!&&&Thanks for sharing! I personally think what methods you use, depend on you hair. I find scrunching works really well for my hair. I will also keep #4 in mind as I work through this process. I didn't even think of the finger twirl method but will definitely look into it

Thank you for your honesty and sharing your thoughts :)"
A1_Brownies,hxxvg0,"Are rough ends normal?&&&I've noticed lately, since I've been paying extra attention, that roughly 2 inches of my hair is rougher than the rest of the shaft. My hair is maybe 10 inches long, so that's quite a bit of my hair. I don't know if this is normal, since although I have been natural all my life, I've just started taking much better care of my hair fairly recently. Do any of you have experience with this? My ends are roughly the same texture as the rest of my hair after I wash it, which is why it's so strange. It does significantly affect how well a comb slips through it. In particular, I'm concerned that it's such a large portion of my hair and I don't really know what to do with it.

Almost forgot to mention, my hair is somewhere in the neighborhood of 4a.&&&Good to know. I ended up with a lot of dryness and fairy knots after using the TERRIBLE shea moisture hemp oil shampoo, so I thought that was what I was feeling. But this time, with a better shampoo (surprisingly, SM African black soap shampoo is da bomb) I realized that it was my actual hair, not just the tiny knots. I will trim though, thanks for the tip!&&&I should probably start deep conditioning. I'm just so lazy that I skip things... I hope that will also help my ends, because I do use LCO. Now I just need to make sure that I really get the ends.&&&Good to know I'm not alone, I just recently started LCO and I feel like the oil is mixing with the cream XD Only today I did LOC, since a shampoo really stripped too much moisture out of my hair and I need to get a better conditioner, and there was something on the back of my red pimento black castor oil bottle i read about a hot oil treatment. I did the process all wrong but my hair ended up SOOOO soft anyway, and after I put leave-in on top. Figured it wouldn't hurt to keep the oil on since i plan on washing again in less than a week (just this time), next time I'll do it properly lol."
Kishiloh,hxxvg0,"Yea just make sure you trim it every few months. Your ends are the oldest parts of your hair. 

you stated you started taking better care of your hair, so your healthier hair which is closer to the roots will definitely feel different since the ends are old (the hair that you havent taken care off over the years) they will go away as you trim."
happyhippoking,hxxvg0,"My ends are always rougher than the rest of my hair, even when I baby them. I do the LCO method as well with extra focus on my ends. It definitely helps because the extra moisture and lubrication prevents them from tangling, wrapping around each other and creating single strand knots. Tbh, I think that's just the nature of afro-textured hair. No matter how much I protective style and coat my ends, they're always a little rougher. It hasn't hindered my growth and my wash n gos still look good from root to tip."
the_nasty_account,hxxvg0,"I think I’m close to 4a too and maybe even similar length and started experiencing the same thing. What helped me was when I LCO, I really emphasize the ends and coat them. Also, I increased the frequency of my deep conditioning to just soften everything up. Good luck ❤️❤️"
Healthyhair12,hxxmuq,I spiced it up a little tonight with the twisted ponytail.&&&&&&Not sure what this is. I used the app ( Reddit app) to post my post.
2oatmeal_cookies,hxx229,She didn’t use a toner?????
Realmadixoxo,hxx229,"Don’t trust just anybody with your hair... this was the ladies bleach job. As you can see, very patchy and she fried my ends&&&&&&Nope"
jetannie,hxx229,"So sorry that happened to you 😞😞. Ever since I let a salon do highlights in my hair and ruined it, I never went back. I do my own hair and research"
road2health,hxx229,Did the salon offer to fix it for free? Or attempt to?
PhysicsGirl122357,hxvad5,"Gave myself a healthy blowout (2 heat protectants used )&&&&&&Routine : shampood w Shea moisture raw Shea butter moisture retaining shampoo , deep conditioned w the deep conditioner masque from the same Shea moisture line ( great for type 4 hair) , used John frieda 3 day straight on my wet hair as protectant one, blow dried , then used KENRA thermal heat spray on the blow dried hair as heat protectant two.&&&I do the dryer attachment with a paddle brush to blow dry , downwards only, and then I flat iron with the brush as well!"
babewithabook,hxvad5,I’d love to know your tools
bikesboozeandbacon,hxvad5,Damn if only my hair looked like this when I blow it out
devonmoray,hxvad5,Looks so healthy! What technique did you use? Dryer attachment or chase method with a brush?
