index,id,comments
Roarfhbhj,isce4n,3c I think
anarchoprivitist,isce4n,3c
blackporsche22,isce4n,"I think you have type 3 hair, 3b or 3c."
peachesandlily,isce4n,"Your hair looks a lot like mine, and I have a mix of 3b in the front and 3c in the back."
questionstime_,isce4n,What is my hair type? sorry to be that person but i’m kinda new to natural hair and don’t know what i’m doing. My hair is kinda greasy sorry&&&
DeniLox,is85h4,"I had been wearing my hair in a bun (shoulder length 4C natural) for the past year, and it would always be tangled and matted when I re-bunned it or washed it. Lately, I’ve been wearing my hair parted in the middle with a low ponytail which is wrapped down the length with hair elastics. This has been magic for me because I leave it alone like that until I wash it, and I get no tangles."
MissD34,is85h4,"Might be easiest to cut it and start over. If it’s matted/super tangled, you may cause more damage and lose more hair and still end up needing to cut it anyway. At that point, you can start your journey to healthy hair again."
blynnn_,is85h4,"Its been an hour, have you had any luck with trying to detangle your hair?"
lysayg,is85h4,you gotta accept that its the kind of hair that can NEVER be left unmoisturized. its a lifetime commitment!!
throwaway1145667,is85h4,"Please help! My 4b/c hair is EXTREMELY matted and uneven.&&&I went ""natural"" for a few months, and I eventually fell into a depression that made me unmotivated to do my hair. My mother suggested relaxing my hair to make it easier to manage, and young and dumb me thought, why not. I still didn't comb or brush my hair, but it fell out!

I stopped doing my hair completely for months and just left a cap on 24/7, and then I took it off only to sleep with my hair exposed to things that'll break it more. A few days ago I took out the puffs I've been leaving them in, and my hair is fused together! My edges starting going back, and my hair has thinned.

I'm really sad with this, but you reap what you sow! Now my hair is in this limbo of half natural/half tangled relaxed hair, and it's all fused together. I would like to: Grow my edges back, thicken my hair once again, and most importantly, DETANGLE IT! I will never neglect my hair again...

Any tips that are given would be appreciated! 

&#x200B;

EDIT!!!! I no longer need tips, as I have done the big chop!&&&Hello (I am going to copy and paste this message haha)! I just did the big chop, and while I wasn't upset and I was happy my hair looked healthy, my mother wasn't too pleased. That's ok though :) I hope to have long hair one day.&&&I told my mother we should, but she refuses to cut my hair or let me do so :/ Now my hair is drenched in conditioner + oil, and I'll see what happens. I think it'll be best to just cut off my hair at this point, but she's never allowed me to so much as trim my hair.. Maybe I'll have to do it by force when she's gone somewhere.&&&Indeed it is! I've learned my lesson.  Since my mother refuses to cut my hair, we have drenched it in conditioner and oil, and we are currently letting it sit for a few hours. I'm not sure what to do from here, but I just want it detangled.&&&Thank you for the protective style idea!&&&Hello (I am going to copy and paste this message haha)! I just did the big chop, and while I wasn't upset and I was happy my hair looked healthy, my mother wasn't too pleased. That's ok though :) I hope to have long hair one day.&&&Nope :/ A little came a apart, but I'd compare my hair to a carpet right now as it's all so matted! My mother said to leave the conditioner + oil mix on overnight and we'll try again tomorrow. I want to chop it off, but I'm also one of those who are scared of having short 4C hair due to how slow it grows. I will update you once we tackle my hair again!"
LadyTK,is7ox9,It depends on you and your hair. I honestly felt like my two textures didn’t agree all that well and was hindering growth. So I cut off the rest of my relaxed hair instead of transitioning
Misunderstood_Girl7,is7ox9,I have never done the big chop. I had relaxed hair for 5 years and then one day I just decided I didn't have money to keep traveling home to get relaxers. With a relaxer I washed and flat ironed my hair every two weeks. I kept doing the same thing when I transitioned. It was actually quite easy and I was completely natural before I knew it. Just clip your ends as you normally would and make sure that you use heat protectant if/when flat ironing.
RoseGoldMagnolias,is7ox9,"Not at all. I was used to having long hair, so I didn't want to chop mine all at once. I only got perms twice a year before going natural, so I was also used to dealing with different textures when styling. I cut about 6 inches at first, then just got regular trims until all the permed bits were gone. That took about 18 months."
blynnn_,is7ox9,"I think that you should do whatever you feel the most comfortable with! A lot of people prefer to big chop over transition and vice versa. Both take a lot of patience but if you’re like me and never had short hair before, you can transition. Cutting your hair off completely is super scary! Good Luck with your journey!"
fvithfuls,is7ox9,"Do you HAVE to shave off all your hair to start your natural hair journey?&&&Hey everyone! Recently I’ve looked up some natural hair videos, and I’ve noticed that a lot of people participate in the big chop as a way to kick off their hair journey. It made me wonder: Do I have to shave off my hair as well? I really want to grow out my natural hair, but don’t want to cut off the hair that I already have. Will it affect the way my hair grows?

Thank you all in advance."
torin122,is7ox9,"No, I didn't. Granted I was never a relaxer girl, but I did heat style often. There are also plenty of folk that just let their hair grow out, protective style and as their grows out they trim until there's no more damaged hair."
BreakableSmile,is2p25,Idk if it will work for fine hair but I like the taliah waajid curly curl creme!
EloquentElixir,is2p25,"Curl creams for fine 4c hair?&&&As the title says, I have fine, high density, low porosity 4c hair with tight coils. Ive been using a shea butter mix for the C/B part of the LCO method and honestly....my hair does not like butters. Ive been using it for a while now and it just doesnt work well for me. So im now in the market for something lighter: A lightweight curling cream. 

I prefer to use all natural, black owned products. Anyone have any recommendations?

Edit; some comments are not showing up, so if I dont respond please understand that I cant/dont see them ☹&&&Do you know the difference between curling creme and a curl activator?&&&Ive been wary of mielle products because i used the mint protein treatment and HATED it 😭

How long have you been using it??"
Roarfhbhj,is2p25,I don't have 4c hair but I like the Cantu coconut curling creme. Their curl activatior is very similar but more lightweight so that may be a better option
lysayg,is2p25,my fine 4c hair loves the mielle honey and pomegranate leave in !
MeanBeanToYou,irzc7n,It looks so healthy here. Do you know what caused your hair to fall out? I'm really sorry that happened to you :(
heart_brain_journey,irzc7n,I just love your hair. 👌
pinkTeez28,irzc7n,My hair Summer ‘19&&&&&&I was going through my phone trying to delete some pictures and came across this photo I had taken last summer before my hair started shedding in pretty large clumps every wash day. I big chopped my hair in April and am looking forward to my hair being like this again very soon.&&&Thank you so much. ☺️
affinityfalls,irwx4g,Regimen/progress app for hair useful?&&&[removed]
Monasgma,irw25e,African Pride!!!
hxmxx,irw25e,Cantu alternative?&&&I’ve heard Cantu leave in conditioner is drying and bad for the hair. Is there an alternative you recommend that has a similar cost?
sjackson1,irw25e,Kelly Logan hair! Her products are BOMB!
txgal_,irw25e,I used to use creme of nature products and loved them!! They have a really good price too 😊
Classyassgirl,irt3j3,"I rub it on my sparse areas at the temples, eyelashes, and mix it with oil or leave in for all over my hair."
EloquentElixir,irt3j3,"You can also use it: As a sealant, to help promote growth for your edges, also great with sweet almond oil to promote overall growth as a hot oil treatment or rinse (treatment is before shampooing, rinse is after)"
Roarfhbhj,irt3j3,I put it on my scalp almost every other day. Also kn my hair about twice a week. Good for your ends to keep them from breaking
Thestarthatfell,irt3j3,"You can put it in your conditioner and deep conditioning treatment (like a hair mask). The smell is a bit strong, so I don't know if you'd like to seal in moisture with it, but I have heard others say they do that."
Tishe_O,irt3j3,"How do you guys use Castor oil?&&&I finally got jamaican black castor oil and wanted to know how I can incorporate it into my hair routine (it can be daily, weekly or monthly)"
silky_link07,irt3j3,"I like to use it as part of my hot oil treatment (with tea tree oil and some others). If I’m whipping up a butter (like Shea) I’ll add a little in with some other oils. I try not to use it but itself too much because it’s pretty thick. But mixed with lighter oils, I can use it to seal in moisture after a leave in."
supafrk,irt3j3,I use it mixed with argan oil and a couple of drops of tea tree oil as an overnight pre-poo after spritzing my hair with water (bi-weekly). I also use it to seal the ends of my hair after my leave in and curl cream (weekly).
sunbeam-doves,irnpv5,"Do we have a discord server for Natural Hair?&&&If so, I would love to join one! It'd be really cool if we can have a community we can share tips and chat with each other in real-time about our natural hair journeys. :)

What do ya'll think?"
511lonette,irn6eu,"Start using either fenugreek rinses or oil. I'm much older than you and it really works for me.&&&If you want use natural color, you keep  the henna/indigo route. Just make sure to use a moisturizing deep conditioner after. 

If I were you, I'd keep using those oils on the regular. They work over a long period of time and help prevent future grey's. 

Also you might want to start taking kelp (thyroid help) and folic acid. ETA I'm just having coffee and noticed that you wrote you're worried about the location of the greys.  Where are they?"
AbeyBhak,irn6eu,"Greying hair, lacking care. #help&&&Hi! I am a 28F with naturally black hair. Due to low quality harsh water supply at my home, dry climate and lack of care and maintenance, my hair have been greying really fast for past 3-4 years. Past one year has converted 20% more hair to  grey at the front sides and I look 35+ yo atleast if I don't cover them up. 😄
 I used to use henna monthly for natural coloring but that isn't as effective at roots and leaves my hair dry too.

I want to avoid artificial hair colors on my scalp, due to their chemical compounds and long lasting effects. But looks like I may have to start using them due to lack of good options 

Lately facing very high hair loss too. I have moved to onion oil shampoo recently and yet to see consistent results. 

Do you have any suggestions for me to fix/prevent further hair problems?&&&Thanks  I tried using oils containing Fenugreek, eucalyptus and curry leaves. They might have been a deterrent in the past -not sure, but currently, the pace at which my hair is greying makes me really worried. So I am looking for something that is more effective may be.

Any other solutions? Or natural way of hair color ?&&&Not location, pace. Had seen the biggest impact in past one year. 
Thanks. I'll resume the oils then. 
Is the henna/indigo route as effective though? Does it look natural and stay for long enough on the roots?

I am also not sure if they are chemical free or have any long term side effects like hair colors&&&Really? This is the first time I am hearing of this. I have heard of onion juice working as a deterrent, but that stinks so I don't do that, but this one sounds interesting.

Could you help me with more details on your suggestion, please?"
EloquentElixir,irn6eu,"Have you tried using rice water with lemon or orange peels? This is supposed to help keep from graying. Theres more to it like the type of rice and which correct acidic fruit peel to use, but looks like it works"
PhysicsGirl122357,irm8p3,Got box braids for the first time on my 3b /a curls&&&
wholesomefucktart,irm8p3,Super cute!
Frequencytoturnuon,irbwvm,"I would wear twist. Wash in twist, deep condition in twist and just untwist and comb them out one at a time then retwist. Have you tried Aussie 3 minute miracle? That is the only conditioner that works for me and keeps my hair from getting tangled."
back2meee,irbwvm,"Matted hair&&&I need some help and advice. My hair is 3C, healthy. Natural for over 5 years. I dont straighten, not dyed except highlights last year. I wash once a week and then cornrow and wear like that and take it out wear like that then wash. But everytime I go to wahs, my hair is MATTED. impossible to comb, takes me hours and I have to cut a lot out. I have tried various conditioners and deep conditioners even tho I live in the UK so not much choice, not nothing has been working. please help."
Ebygeorge25,irarpp,This video will amaze you😍&&&
EloquentElixir,ira1fy,"Do you use detangler? (Its like leave in but its specifically for detangling) and how often do you moisturize your hair with and without a protective style?

Edit; what might be happening here is a protein moisture imbalance. When was the last time you did a protein treatment?"
Subparwoman,ira1fy,Are you using heat and water throughout the detangling process? I'd apply deep conditioner to wet hair and use heat to let it seep in and then when detangling make sure to keep applying water before starting at the ends to detangle. Maybe try finger detangling first to feel the knots and gently detangle/pull the knots apart before moving on to your normal detangling tools? I've noticed that some tools work better for others on my hair.
sweetsugarplumm,ira1fy,"detangling help advice please!&&&i have 3c hair and have been natural for over 5 years. my hair has been healthy, i haven’t straightened it since last year, i don’t use chemicals or dyes except i got highlights a year ago but not since. I wash once a week and then put it into 2 cornrows then go about my days and then take the cornrows out and wear it like that for maybe 2 days then wash. but for the past few months, everytime i go to wash it is MATTED. completely matted. even if i take out the braids and go straight to wash it. i’ve tried various deep conditioners, hot oil treatments, detangling before washing and nothing works. it takes me forever to detangle. i also have some breakage right at the front and my hair seems to be weaker there. my hair is quite long to my mid back but the knots seem to me more at the roots and length of hair rather than ends. please help i’m not sure what else to do. i keep having to cut knots out."
AMA_Dr_Wise_Money,ir46y0,You really rock colors too!!!
Monasgma,ir46y0,What the hell Repunzel? Let down the hair growth process? Products?
TheKristiannaWay,ir46y0,Three years later after my third big chop&&&
djfabreezayy,ir46y0,Yesss!!! 🤩🤩
gloomiezuko,ir46y0,Do you have hair growth tips?!
myvibeiztremendous,ir46y0,Second pic is like 🌱 BOOM! 😍 so much growth!
showraniy,ir46y0,You look amazing with both! Love the color too!
ukhustle,ir46y0,Long or short suits you either way. But will say short definitely brings out your eyes!  👁
Finehaircoily,ir2yu5,Joico has great protein conditioners and reconstructors
blynnn_,ir2yu5,"Protein Deep Conditioner&&&Hey Everyone! Does anyone have any recommendations for a deep conditioner containing protein? All of the ones that claim to be a ""protein deep conditioner"" the proteins are usually the last few ingredients. I would like some that is more high up on the ingredients list. Really would appreciate any recommendations. 

Thank You&&&Thank you for the recommendation! Usually I would do a real protein treatment like Aphogee once a month and apply a deep conditioner with protein every other wash day to help my hair. Maybe I should just stick with one of those instead of wasting money on a dc with protein in it. I just looked it up is that the leave-in treatment in the blue bottle?&&&Thank You for the recommendation! Ill do some research on that brand right now.&&&Thank You for the recommendation! have tried the Aphogee and I also have the Mielle DC. I tried the Aphogee packette and I really liked the way it made my hair feel after so I was looking to buy the actual bottles next. I will definitely look into those other two products. Thank You so much!"
duaadiddy,ir2yu5,I personally prefer protein treatments over deep conditioners as they have very high concentrations of protein. I like Redken Extreme CAT Anti-Damage Treatment then rinse out after a few minutes and follow with a moisturizing deep conditioner.
flirtandflutter,ir2yu5,"* Curl Junkie repair me...this stuff is like magic, I rarely get it because I can only find it online and it’s expensive but it’s really good if you have the budget For it

* Deva curl deep sea repair...def a strong protein conditioner. I also love Deva melt into moisture but it’s lighter on the protein. Also expensive but easier to find in stores.

* aphogee two step. Strong protein treatment. Cheaper. Not as nice imo in that it doesn’t leave the hair feeling as good, and it has silicones. But it’s a good cheap option if you just need some protein injected into your hair 

* Mielle Organics Babusso oil and Mint. I love this DC but it’s more of a balancing treatment, moisture and protein, so it’s not has strong as the others I listed. So I’m putting it here in the bottom even thou th I do it recommend it for maintenance"
LupineXen,ir0tfi,"Hair Wax&&&I want to try hair wax to dye my hair soon and was wondering what people's experience with different brands was? I'm leaning towards Mofajang or ORS Curls Unleashed but I'm up for any suggestions!

Thanks!"
MissD34,ir0tfi,I use Mofajang. Color shows up perfectly and you can build it to be as bright or subtle as you’d like. You can also mix colors. It’s very easy to wash out but it does flake once dry.
annc4057,ir0tfi,I have purple Hair Paint Wax that I used a few days ago on a twistout. The color looks good and my hair still feels soft but it did flake a lot when I was unraveling my hair. It does get on my clothes too but it seems to come off easily. The wax also has a strong scent almost like men's cologne which I wasn't a fan of so beware of that. Overall I like it though.
chichihuahua,ir0tfi,"I’ve been using Hair Paint Wax. The purple is great. I’ve had issues with the red rubbing off on pillows, etc. I use the clear in my hair regularly because it just works well as a styler."
mooshu1x2,ir0tfi,"mofagang has some questionable ingredients, mainly parabens. I would try out Curlsmith's Hair Color Gel."
