index,id,comments
DarkTruthAngel,f1jt7s,"4c, your tight curls are similar to mine. It can also be mixed though in some parts"
montero19,f1jt7s,Is my hair 4c or 4b?&&&
schuylkillinmesmalls,f1jt7s,"I feel like it might be 4C, but it's not unusual to have mixed textures throughout your hair."
Adina92484,f1he4s,Gorgeous
Not-Yet-Cinnamon-Bun,f1he4s,This picture!! 👌😍😍
ProfessionalBinger_,f1he4s,Go awffff sis 😍
aliho001,f1he4s,"Love everything about this. Outfit, curls, skin. You look beautiful!!"
imeuru,f1he4s,"Interesting outfit choice, would you say that you chose the Sherpa jacket because it’s kinda like what is happening with your hair? Or am I totally off base?"
keator,f1he4s,That coat looks hella warm
knightwave,f1he4s,This is *gorgeous*. Those curls are luscious!
loaferette,f1he4s,Heatless Curls ... ➰➰➰&&&&&&Used my fingers for to create the pin curls with lotta body&&&Thanks 🤗🤗🤗&&&Nah. I was an outfit I was planning for weeks now. I just happened to be filming a hair style I found on IG (trying is out). And it worked.
luvmypurplelipstick,f1he4s,I want to know too. So cute!
monteis,f1he4s,"OMG, gorgeous. i'm a dude, but i'm just curious. how did you get them like that?"
myvibeiztremendous,f1he4s,Yas! 😍🔥
paidattention,f1he4s, Ok chick!
schuylkillinmesmalls,f1he4s,"So big and full, your hair is goals! Simply gorgeous!!"
-Loralith-,f1aqgu,"Could go for haphazard tight coils, like maybe finger coils until you get back to your normal barber?"
ProfessionalBinger_,f1aqgu,"Two strand twists. It’s a cute style, protective, and looks good with uneven hair"
SoNoizy,f1aqgu,"Style Advice? My curls are growing in really uneven. The sides and back are way longer than the front. Any ideas what to do with it?&&&&&&think that’s called a drop fade right? and yea ik, unfortunately I’m not home rn so couldn’t go to my regular barber&&&ahh I got you appreciate it"
haireveryshare,f1aqgu,"If you’ve been to a barber recently and left with this; go to a different barber. 

I would think to trim the back, and also edit the contour of the fade; So it follows more on a curved contour;  flowing between the longer hair and bottom of your hairline/ears.  vs the diagonal line front to back."
montero19,f1aqgu,"If I’ve learned anything through my hair it’s that 2 things might have occurred . I’ve learned that no parts of my hair necessarily grow faster than the others but the parts that appear longer are usually a looser texture so they stretch out more making the uneven look. Or when it was cut it was uneven to begin with. So if you are going for a fully even cut -blow dry it out (using a head protectant) then get a haircut. When your hair curls back up it’s individual length will be even but that may not be the look you want. Or you could just go to a barber and have them cut it evenly. If you don’t want it cut, the best option is to scrunch your hair where you want it to be"
noemiewe,f1aqgu,u prbly have a looser curl pattern where ur hair is longer. i cut mine (in the back) just more frequently to make it look even
roxanneshantay,f1aqgu,Get a good even cut. Wash & moisturize weekly. Sleep on a satin pillowcase so your hair doesn't break off from the friction of the pillow case
montero19,f12s94,"Hey guys, is my hair 4c or 4b? Also how to you keep your hair moisturized after wash day?&&&"
Zeroistwo,f0z1a9,What is my curl pattern? Help please&&&
azuredemure,f0z1a9,A better picture would help more but it kinda looks like 3c to me
calexrose78,f0z1a9,Can you post a photo of your hair without product?
innocentgigi,f0z1a9,sometimes you cant really tell what curl patter your hair is until it grows a bit longer.
BasicBrownQueen,f0ln2l,"With all of the information coming out about DivaCurl, how is everyone feeling? What are you doing to change your routines and how is your hair adjusting?&&&&&&A lot of people are coming out and saying it 1. Completely changed their curl type 2. Made their hair fall out."
SleepieSheepie8,f0ln2l,"I don’t use DevaCurl because it’s stupid expensive for me but that’s actually pretty crazy that something like that could happen. Totally unacceptable especially with a brand as big as DevaCurl.

I shampoo and deep condition with the Mielle Organics Rosemary Strengthening Biotin-Infused line (shampoo and deep conditioner) and it’s pretty amazing. Then I just put coconut oil in my hair and make a few jumbo twists because I don’t like styling my hair for long periods of time lol."
boopalooo,f0ln2l,I tried Devacurl once and really didn’t like it for my hair personally but this was yeaaars ago. And despite the marketing towards kinkier textures I always just felt like it was for a very specific curl type that wasn’t my own.
haireveryshare,f0ln2l,What’s all the info?
panicswitching,f0ln2l,"Oof I definitely bought into the hype- I always like trying new products, got some minis, liked the cowash well enough, and used it maybe 2-4 times a month since I got it. Definitely not a lot and probably not enough to change anything, but now it’s just in my shower and I don’t know what to do with it.

If anything- I’m just doubling down on my go to: Trader Joe’s conditioner haha"
derpmerp12,f0keer,I'm aware that i need a trim&&&&&&I'm thinking about cutting it then twisting it.
forthepeople2,f0ia3i,"I also used to use the Shea moisture Manuka deeep conditioner and felt like it made my hair dry. I now use TGIN honey miracle mask and their green tea super moist leave in and it leaves my hair super moisturize and my curls poppin .

As for clarifying shampoos , I don’t really have any suggestion. But I heard Ion clarifying shampoo is alright. 

I have 4c low porosity hair ."
montero19,f0ia3i,"Looking for recommendations for a deep conditioners and leave in for low porosity with no protein. Also what a good clarifying shampoo, I suspect I may have protein overload.&&&&&&Same 4c low porosity and thank you. I think my hair is hydrated for the first couple day but then it gets 😬"
PoliticsofOpinion,f0hcbu,"I do actually understand this - product obsession is super expensive. The older I've gotten the more likely i am to have a problem spending any money on hair products. I used to be able to get away with £10 now I'm spending more than £20 and it's the same 3 products.

Conditioner - avocado, honey and olive oil. Olive oil and honey from the kitchen cupboard are fine. 

Wash and go - water and olive oil in a spray bottle will literally work fine if that's what you're after. I'm a type 3 and 4 mixed natural and that's all I use. 

Problems with dandruff/itchiness/scalp tenderness? Add peppermint oil straight after your wash. Even add it to the spray bottle above like I do. 

Oils can be expensive but I buy in bulk so I've been using the same ones for 2 years."
Training-Geologist,f0hcbu,"My mom won’t let me use hair products&&&I have thick 3c hair to about armpit length so I have to have very penetrating products to treat my hair. My mom don’t really agree with me spending money on my hair so I only get products when necessary ,but recently my mom won’t let me buy hair products saying there too expensive.( I have been using my products over a year now trying to stretch it out so there basically all water down) When I suggest a cheaper option like 3-2 dollars she says it will damage my hair, and won’t let me buy it. Idk what to do because I have no curl cream or anything for my hair and wash and gos don’t work on me. Does anyone have makeshift products they can make at home they would be willing to share.&&&Thanks I’ll check it out"
atctia,f0hcbu,"YouTuber Naptural85 has a bunch of diy hair product recipes on her channel. (Whipped butters, a black soap shampoo, flaxseed gel, and a diy hair mask.) Bri Hall also recently posted a couple of diy hair product recipes on her channel."
haireveryshare,f0hcbu,"I’m sorry.  That is just weird, what is her deal?  Does she not use any products herself? 

What products does she approve of? 

It may not be exactly what you want but I stretch my hair, by braiding it damp- letting it dry, then re-dampening and re-braiding in bigger braids until I have pretty big waves.  

After that I only use coconut oil for a couple weeks at a time.  Though my only intent is to be lazy and avoid tangles - It is remarkably cost saving.  I wish the best for you, Girl."
alkeid,f0eth9,"My 8 month natural hair Journey! [Pics Included]&&&This is a repost from r/curlyhair but I thought it'd be appreciated here as well.

Just some pics to show my 8th month progress since deciding to go natural.

;\_; I've worked so hard..I'm just happy today seeing how much my hair is changing.

[https://imgur.com/a/izmqlLp](https://imgur.com/a/izmqlLp)

The top picture is of me with heat damage, some of my hair would curl but most of it was straight:

The bottom picture is of me today after 6 months (a devacut and lots of product trial and error)

&#x200B;

My current routine is:  NYM Apple Blossom Shampoo and Conditioner, and Curlmix's Lavender and Avocado hair lotion and flaxseed gel (I'm not too big of a fan of this product because it makes my hair crunchy and I don't like it but as I said I am in a trial and error phase again due to product changes since I used Devacurl prior and the scandal has scared me off) I also deep condition once a week and have a routine I do on Wednesday's to moisturize my curls using leave-in conditioner and a hair lotion as winter can dry out my ends a lot.&&&Hi! Thank you so much!

And not a silly question at all. It's somewhere between 3C/4B? My crown and the back part of my hair is more 4Bish but for the most part it's 3C."
fikir_hiwet,f0eth9,Congrats on all your progress. This might be a silly question but what’s your hair type?
Bobadaddyforhire,f0cqdb,"Wear my hair down. I normally wear it in a bun and I've been doing that for years. It was mostly out of laziness but also because I could never get braid outs or twist outs to look right.

Turns out that I suck at separating braids/twists when taking them down and then fluffing it. I had to watch a couple of YouTube videos and replicated what other people did.

So good news, my braid outs and twist outs look great! BUT I've worn my hair up for so long that I'm really nervous to wear it down now. It's like I'm not used to my appearance with it down. 😟"
EloquentElixir,f0cqdb,"I had a bad itch on my scalp for years, so my goal was to improve my scalp health and wear/take care of my natural hair for the first time ever. I big chopped November 2019 and I gotta say, I've made some really great progress. Since I chopped, I've started properly using oils, techniques and methods...my hair and scalp are finally thriving after 21 years of neglect! Now my goal is to have a fro!"
Pikachu42,f0cqdb,"What are your hair goals for 2020?&&&Mine are to get my curls back. I straightened my hair for Christmas and suffered heat damage. Well, according to the stylist at the salon I went to I'm just suffering from 'loss of elasticity'. I got aphogee's curlriffic texture treatment and olaplex no. 3. We shall see.

My other goals are scalp care. I've got seborrheic dermatitis aka adult cradle cap. I'm currently using the As I Am Dry & Itchy scalp line and it's really working wonders for my hair. The oil in the line is to die for! So soothing!

I'd also like to find a holy grail moisturizing deep conditioner. I'm currently using one in the classic As I Am line and have the moisturizing one from Miche beauty.&&&I thought about going back to protective styles, but all the ones I can think of won't let me take care of my scalp they way it needs to be.&&&>  I went from MBL to TWA again. It just take patience.

WOW! That's extreme. Though I've had a quarter life crisis and fell apart myself.&&&I used to wear crochet braids a lot while transitioning. I had to stop because they were making it hard for me to take care of my scalp the way it needed to be.&&&> keep my hands out of my hair.

That's smart. Do what you have to in order to retain length.&&&Where do you get your wigs from?&&&> find less expensive products to use on my hair.

What products have you been using? Are they the kind you only find in salons?&&&> Goal is to retain 5 of the approximately 6” I’ll get if all goes well.

All WILL go well! I'm claiming it for you! lol&&&> postpartum shedding 

Is the reason I still don't really have edges. They were thin to begin with and I got pregnant. They went POOF after. They started growing back and I got pregnant. They went POOF after. I can't win.&&&I haven't. Currently I'm using Camille Rose Naturel almond jai twisting butter.&&&> To grow my edges back. 

I'm in the same boat kinda. My edges are very short after giving birth, and they've yet to recover. It's been nearly four years. :(

> literally don't know any other hairstyles that would look good on me.

I know you said you tried twist outs, but what about braid outs? Bantu knot outs? I'm sure you'll find something soon."
PunkGF,f0cqdb,Trying to get length back! I've mastered moisture and curl definition. I did a second big chop last year bc I had a quarter life crisis lol and I regretted it right after. I went from MBL to TWA again. It just take patience.
SleepieSheepie8,f0cqdb,"This is what I’m trying to do too. Do you have any strategies or methods that you use to reduce single strand knots? I have 3c/4a and I tend to get them a lot in my junkier hair strands

Edit: I meant kinkier* not junkier oh la la"
Timely-Regret,f0cqdb,My goals is getting out of the TWA stage. I big chopped in November last year after about 8 months of transitioning. I plan on keeping passion twists or other protective styles in my hair for most of the year to retain length and keep my hands out of my hair.
_sweetso_,f0cqdb,"My goals are to:

- find less expensive products to use on my hair. The only ones I've been using have been the products that my stylist has recommended to me and I run out of them so fast that the price ramps up quick. Also to find a conditioner with more slip. I'm currently using the Purology condition revitalizant (or however it's spelled), anyone have suggestions?

- learn to part and twist my hair! I've never been good at protective styling and I'd like to learn how to do more fun styles, I particularly like seeing what people do with yarn twists. I just bought a rat-tail comb today! If anyone has tips for this, I'd love to hear them!"
cslrc,f0cqdb,"Getting thicker ends at bum length (stretched) and reducing splits.

Since you mentioned Miche, have you also tried their Bounce Curl cream?"
currently-in-bed,f0cqdb,"My goal is to buy two cute new lace front wigs one short, one fun/colorful and rotate those with the 2 others I already own so I can wear two slicked back dookie braids underneath- shampoo ,deep condition  and air dry twice a month and basically keep my hair stretched and protected. Then heat straighten and trim only twice for the year  whenever it’s not too humid to do so and otherwise wearing loose braids/ twists with or without added hair for a month each style (so my edges can breathe and wigs are too hot in the middle of summer). I’m trying to grow to boob length or longer from barely armpit length."
fikir_hiwet,f0cqdb,Good luck with your goals. Mine is to get my hair healthy again because I have been suffering from postpartum shedding and thinning of hair in my crown. So ya I got a lost of hair loss issues I need to fix.
folklore24,f0cqdb,Mine is to wear my natural hair out at least 3 months out of the year. Right now I do crochet braids year round just for the ease of it.
haireveryshare,f0cqdb,Great topic:  Goal is to retain 5 of the approximately 6” I’ll get if all goes well.  Ultimate goal is to have waist length hair in it’s curly 3b/3c state.  But that is a couple years away.
iamyiyaj,f0cqdb,To grow my edges back. My hair is always in a high puff and my edges are paying for it but i literally don't know any other hairstyles that would look good on me. Twists outs dont look good on my coarse 4c hair and I dont know how to do cornrows either
mecraziiiii,f0cqdb,Keeping the single strand knots at bay while I grow more inchessssss&&&Omg I am !!! Been doing wigs only since December gonna keep going til April
twixe,f0cqdb,To make it to armpit length. I don't have far to go.
xmermaid165,f0cqdb,Mine are to grow to waist length and keep. My hair in a protective style for most of the time. Is anyone else on a max protective styling challenge too?
