index,id,comments
LoneWolfkaito,njoqlm,Any nostalgic kids show like scooby doo is good(mystery incorporated)
blackpino,njoqlm,The Parkers
eastbaymom,njoqlm,Ginny and Georgia on Netflix
uhyeaokay,njoqlm,"Getting my hair braided tomorrow. What are some shows I can watch without feeling judged&&&Getting my hair braided and really not looking forward to it. 

What are some good shows on Netflix/Hulu/Disney+ I can watch that kills some time?? Preferably something that is not NSFW cuz I know whoever’s gonna do it will be watching along with me lol (I wear ear buds but leave subs on) cuz I’ve definitely caught a stylist peepin what I’m watchin 🤣"
Blaque-Cat,njkz88,How often do you get trims? Do you detangle while wet with conditioner?
Frequencytoturnuon,njkz88,"Omg, never ever detangle your hair when it's dry. I can hear the snapping now. Soaking wet and soaking with conditioner is the only way I detangle. I have for 4b/c hair that is past the middle of my back. Also, you should probably trim you hair more often. I use Aussie moist to detangle. Works like a charm."
PikaBooSquirrel,njkz88,"Three main concerns. 


1. The length of your hair as a child may be inflated. I hear people say things like ""my hair was down to my butt as a kid"". Keep in mind that you were like 3 feet tall. 12 inches of hair on a kid is gonna look a lot longer than the equivalent amount on an adult.


2. Older, elderly, hair ends. They need more tlc. Everyone has a different routine, but something that is usually universal is focusing product on your ends rather than hair. Unless we are talking about shampoo. Many people with longer hair only wash the roots and the run off cleans the ends, as shampoo, regardless of sulfate content, is going to be stripping. Be more careful when combing the ends as well, the regular, satin/silk pillow covering or headscarf when lying down, protect ends whenever possible.

3. Do not, under any circumstance, detangle on dry, curly hair. Always wet and with some sort of slippery product. Combing dry hair is recommended only for those with straight hair. 

So, how do you tell if your hair has reached a plateau? Well, if you're still getting inches, even if it is slower, then we can guess that you're losing mostly due to breakage. A real plateau would mean that your hair is appearing to stay the same length. Hair IS always growing, but the growth phase + rate, will make it look like it has stopped. Ie. Your hair growth is 6 inches a year and the hair growth phase lasts 4 years. Your hair will at max get to 24 inches. Of course trims will probably leave you at 20-22 inches. And that's assuming you have almost completely eliminated breakage. Nothing will change the length of your growth phase and growth rate besides hormones (birth control, pregnancy, etc) and chemicals (minoxidil etc) in a true plateau. ***Protective styling and tlc will help if it's not a true plateau. Experiment with what works for you."
my-weird-reality,njkz88,"hair growth plateau:(&&&so i cut my hair roughly 3 years ago. as in i had a buzz cut, and since then it’s passed collar bone length, but not yet mid back length. when i first cut it, it was growing without me even trying, but now, it’s probably grown about 3 inches in the past year

something i’ve noticed is that every time i comb my hair, or take out my braids it breaks from the ends. i don’t know what’s causing this. before i did my big chop, my hair didn’t grow past a certain length. and it’s not a genetic thing bc when i was a kid and my mother took care of my hair, it grew pretty long but as an adult it’s just not the same.

what am i doing wrong?&&&i trim my hair 1x a year and i detangle it dry😶 now i realise how that sounds but i’ve been doing that my whole life, i’ll try it with conditioner though!"
Curious_Learning,njh858,Rockin’ it.
ShondaGives,njh858,🥰
airl_,njh858,Color is popping .
apfeltheapfel,njh858,Spiffy. I love it!
atot20,njh858,That color is ON POINT!
char0310,njh858,Wash n go and spf&&&&&&Thanks
cottonmouth94,njh858,Gorgeous
head_MD,njh858,Love!! Protect that beautiful skin from harmful UVs!
staysuperclean,njh858,Beautiful hair and skin
BlazersNBA,njep4e,Yeah
Polpolo1,njep4e,Is that a taper ?&&&
PullFires,njep4e,"""Just fuck my shit up"""
almondmilkbrat,njep4e,It looks like it was done badly? But idk much about barber techniques so
lying_truther,njep4e,"Thats not a taper, thats a fucked up haircut"
trojantooter,njep4e,That makes no sense
coisas_pra_vc,njcx87,"Ecuador: Immigrant barbershop business pushes ahead during Covid-19 and crisis,&&&"
coisas_pra_vc,njcffk,"String-shave, grooming technique for a clean, all natural finish&&&[removed]"
coisas_pra_vc,njcepu,"String-shave, grooming technique for a clean, all natural finish&&&"
Loolo007,njb3pc,"You will be fine, may I suggest you use some Tylenol."
Siebzhen,njb3pc,Seven packs?? Dang.
cookie_monster_911,njb3pc,"1. I think you’re hair will be fine.

2. I recommend taking some Tylenol and waiting a day or 2 to see if it still hurts or you get used to the weight. I personally get used to the weight after getting braids done but that’s just me. If it doesn’t get better in contact with the braider to get a refund or if you feel up to it redone

3. It’s ridiculous that it took 12 hours to install in the first place. I’d stick with your og hair braider. I don’t think there is any way to fix it without taking them out entirely and redoing it with less hair"
dramatic_gasp19,njb3pc,"I suggest doing as you said: take them out and make the parts bigger (considering it's in an area where no one will see the parts). If it's still heavy, I think taking them out with be the best option."
drluvmuffin,njb3pc,"Too Much Hair Added to Knotless Braids&&&Yesterday, I got my hair braided. Waist length knotless box braids. Sadly, today I am waking up still pretty upset. The process took 12 HOURS! The entire Saturday, 9am-9pm. And she used 7 PACKS of hair. It feels so heavy. I feel like I can’t move freely and I’m worried about the tension on my natural hair. Before we started I said multiple times that I usually only use 4 packs. When it seemed like it wasn’t going in that direction, I explicitly said I didn’t want more than 5 packs. 

I have a relatively small head and even though my hair looks very full when it’s curly (3c/4a), my hair isn’t thick at all. My normal braider usually uses around 3-4 packs of the same hair. She didn’t have any available appointments so I went to someone new. 

1. Should I be worried about breakage? 
2. Will I get used to the weight? 
3. Is there a way to fix this without it looking crazy? I thought about redoing the back and middle with larger parts but the same size braids. The braids would be even but the parts wouldn’t be. (Again I already spent 12 hours in the chair so the thought of this stressed me out too). 

Thoughts?&&&Thanks! So it doesn’t hurt at all. It’s just heavy. I workout, I plan on doing some water activities soon, I like to sleep comfortably, etc. less hair is easier to manipulate and it’s not as hot. 

Yeah I don’t have it in me to redo it. So I’m just going to try to get used to it."
thecheesycheeselover,njb3pc,"I haven’t had braids for years, but would suggest asking showing your regular braider and asking her opinion since she’s familiar with your hair. I’d be worried as well."
AFishCalledWakanda,njb3hv,All the braiders I’ve been to in my life have only worked with Xpression or Impression branded hair.
RedWhiskeyReverie,njb3hv,"Best Braiding Hair?&&&I'm wanting to get box braids and I'm going to buy my own hair this time. I don't know what brand was used the first time I got them done, but they were super stiff and didn't fall right. Like a ponytail would stick out vs fall down. Is there any braiding hair that is soft/malleable like passion twist hair?"
satanic_panic_90,njb3hv,My new favorite is the ShowCoco brand you can get on Amazon
Ailfel,nj2sls,"I second that! It can be something with the follicle or skin, not the hair itself. In which case, a dermatologist would be able to get you more answers."
Gialeaa,nj2sls,"Hair is constantly breaking and excessively shedding&&&I'm a 23 year old female and I've noticed my hairline has been very slowly receding since I was about 14/15. Nobody else in my family seems to have this problem. Over the years, I've also developed very thing patches in the back of my head and on the crown as well.

I protective style once a week, wearing between around 8-10 chunky braids in my hair without extensions. I moisturise the best I can, but I notice my roots are always insanely dry, but the rest of my hair is fine and moisturised. 

Whenever I do my hair, my ends are always breaking off in my hands even though my hair feels moisturised. I cut my hair more than anyone in my family, yet have more split ends and SSKs than any of them. 

Even though my hair is thin, it gets matted really easily when I leave my hair out - even for a day.

My doctor says there's no reason why my hair should be falling out, and it is something to do with what I'm doing.

I'm at a loss. Any suggestions or advice?"
dog-mommaNJ,nj2sls,"Try a protein reconstruction treatment.  My personal fave is aphogee 2 step treatment.  As for the dry scalp, try jojoba oil drops.  It's one of the only oils that mimics our natural sebum."
dramatic_gasp19,nj2sls,Go to a doctor and have them check your iron.
realized_fox,nj2sls,"Could be diet. If you eat bad rhings, bad things will happen."
westindiangal,nj2sls,Go see a dermatologist.
Working_Function,nixfha,Drink collagen and workout regularly to increase blood flow. Make sure you’re eating a well balanced diet so that you’re not deficient in anything- I take vitamins from youngevity called Beyond Tangy Tangerine because it’s impossible to get all of the 90 essential vitamin and minerals we need.
drqeco,nixfha,how can i grow my hair faster?&&&i cut bangs and did a DIY curly cut a while back and i’ve decided that i want to grow my hair out over the summer? any tips?
sqwzmahmeatybts,nixfha,"Hair grows at about half an inch on average every month. My tips are to just make sure you're drinking enough water, getting enough vitamins, addressing stress levels and maintain your ends properly to help with retention. 

Hope that helps!"
Blaque-Cat,nixe16,Try toning it with purple shampoo. L’Oréal Shimmer Lights Shampoo is a good option that’s available in the drugstore.
NatrulV,nixe16,"Go to a professional if you can and get a dark rinse close to your natural color to cover the orange one up.  I just did a dark rinse over a lighter color and my hair is fine so far.  Rinses are semi permanent and non-damaging for most people since there is no lifting of color involved.    However, I would not try this at home because a stylist will know the best way to apply the color so that it is even and turns out the right shade/tone (I have read that some dark color can have a greenish tone on if applied on top of another color if someone doesn't know what they are doing).   You will need to get it redone every few months as the color isn't permanent. Good luck!"
drqeco,nixe16,how long should i wait before dying my hair?&&&so i dyed my hair about a week ago and it looks... well not great. i wanted blonde highlights and it looks kinda orange and it’s just not what i’m going for. only the top of my head looks like it’s supposed to. and i also have a random patch of blonde at the very top of my head!! it’s so bad and i’m having regrets. i have curly brown 3b/c hair. so not very coily and not wavy. in the middle. i wondered if i should just dye it back and try again at the end of the summer or if i should just fix it next time i dye it. idk what i should do? advice?
kplains23,nixe16,"don’t dye it again straight away, your hair’s gonna have a chance of getting even more fried if you put more dye on too soon. you may just have to deal with the Orange for a few months and then try again"
GapNew2875,nivjy2,Protective style
dairy_free_bacon,nivjy2,You don’t. Hair grows slow and there’s nothing you can do about it. Just be healthy. Drink some water. Let your hair do it’s thing without you rushing it.
startrekfan34,nivjy2,How do You grow my hair fast in one week with 4 type hair&&&
Anonynae,niufcf,"My hair is shedding and breaking rather easy.&&&Whenever I wash my hair my shower floor looks like I just cut all of my hair off and if I detangle it with a comb, the floor of the bathroom looks like a carpet. The middle of my hair is drastically shorter than the rest of my hair and I do keep my hair moisturized. Any tips or advice would be wonderful. 

Any idea of why this is going on?&&&Thank you 😊&&&Thank you ! I was thinking of doing a trim. Will that be helpful?&&&I’ve actually went and purchased a lot of stuff with good reviews that contains protein and the other mentioned nutrients."
Doubletee16,niufcf,"Sounds like your hair needs protein. If you Google how to stop my hair from shedding/breaking lots of suggestions will pop-up. I experienced the same a few years back and started doing a black tea treatment. Cut my breaking down by 80%. Best of luck.&&&Sure, trims are great, but the breaking indicates a lack of some nutrients. Lots of products on the market that contain protein as well. Good luck!😊&&&Awesome!"
starkittycity1979,niufcf,"I second both the protein and black tea rinse.
Another thing to consider: If possible, make sure that you wash and condition your hair in sections (literally, twist or loosely braid your hair before starting the process). This will allow you to focus on each area and make sure that shampoo is washed out,  conditioner and moisture is getting IN, etc. 

GL."
AsontiRelay,nisk4r,It was wash day!&&&&&&Thank you! I use a combination of mane'n tail shampoo and selsun blue for dandruff control. Then I go back and use deep conditioner for moisture. Then after the shower I use African Pride hair cream to condition for the day. 🙏😁&&&Been growing for 4 years. 😁
Bear_Bones_mom,nisk4r,What a beautiful head of hair!!!
Doubletee16,nisk4r,Awesome 'fro!
InteractionInner8374,nisk4r,Your hair is so full and shiny.❤️👍
Kaitsflyhigh,nisk4r,"Now you know you have to drop the hair care routine, I love the fro! 😁"
Micahdust,nisk4r,Looks good! How long did it take your hair to reach this length?
Pettway96,nisk4r,Go head brotha ✊🏾🖤
airl_,nisk4r,Loveeee the fro !
celest777,nisk4r,Amazing FRO! You did that! ❤️
isaidmediumrare,nisk4r,Godspeed. ❤️
jigglypuffscurl,nisk4r,Handsome❤
jrla1992,nisk4r,Looking at that wonderful afro makes me regret getting a taper afro
fushiashade5,niqjd4,"Clumping method on low density hair?&&&Hello all, I recently discovered the clumping method as a way to apply protective styling and retain length. I’m interested because after years of having my hair in it’s natural state I still haven’t found a consistent and manageable way to wear my hair. I was wondering if anyone has tried the clumping method on low density type 4 hair. I’m worried that it would not look as nice if used on low density hair with fine strands, like mine. 

Naturally High has a video titled ""4 Steps to creating clumps on your natural hair"", explaining the method. She has had lots of success with it, but as you can see she has high hair density."
rk724,niqjd4,"Coincidentally, I recently came across one of her videos talking about this method. Her explanation on why she likes this method is why I think I would like to try and master wash and gos (could be seen as another form of clumping) on my fine low density type 4 hair. I haven't tried this particular method but I would say just try it on yourself and see how you like it. What looks ""nice"" is subjective. Ultimately, you have to learn to accept how fine low density hair looks (I'm working on this myself). With any set, defined or clumped style...any style that is intended to last more than a few days will look sparse, scalpy or flat. It's a sacrifice we have to make if we want to retain length."
fushiashade5,niqfia,Clumping method on low density hair?&&&[removed]
coisas_pra_vc,ninh8i,From Togo to Ecuador with Linguistic Amor: Ahmed's Hairfashion & The Polyglot Barbershop&&&
