index,id,comments
Moonberry8,oroi34,"Is it possible to cut my hair while its in a 2 strand twist? / Cutting my own hair advice&&&I have my hair in 4 big two strand twists because my hair takes forever to do. It's also very long, which means it takes that much longer to wash, condition and style. I want to cut it to a shorter length so its more manageable. 

I imagine cutting hair involves undoing any hairstyle and stretching the strands out to get a proper uniform cut. The problem is, it takes a lot to detangle and untwist my hair. If I go to a professional, I'd have to untangle my hair first, then possibly have it be tangled again by the time I get to the barber/salon. I'm looking for an easy relief, lol, so I'm considering just cutting a portion of the hair while its in the twist. Just snip off 7 or 8 inches.  That would make my life so much easier when it comes to my hair. I know I'd probably need to stretch it out first and maybe compare that length to the length I want it to be. 

I'm wondering if that's a bad idea to do, or if anyone has advice on my situation. Going to the salon is a last ditch effort, as its hard to get out to one and I'd still have to go through detangling the hair for them to cut it.&&&Yeah, I knew that'd be the answer, ha. If I detangle my own hair like the day before, that'd probably help the process a lot.&&&lol, yeah I figured that would be the answer I'd get."
rowannmic,oroi34,"Go to a professional. A professional  natural
hair stylist should and will wash and detangle your hair before giving you a cut . The method you describe will give you very choppy /uneven hair and I would not recommend"
walleiscute,oroi34,"Yup its possible. Is it advisable? Hell no lol. I'd go to a professional or if you wanna do it yourself, best bet is straightening it out so it doesn't get tangled and cut it in sections while it's down."
Accomplished_Step_73,ornzkd,"I've tried it on my ends as a hair mask.. It didn't work.

I definitely wouldn't recommend it as a leave in."
CoffeeB4Talkie,ornzkd,"I use it in my diy hair mask. Surprisingly it works well. 

I was hesitant to use it since my hair hates coconut oil.... But it seems to work out for me."
Micahdust,ornzkd,"Hey, could I ask why you're considering coconut milk over a standard leave in conditioner you could buy in a shop?"
Somewhat-wallflower,ornzkd,"Has anyone here tried out coconut milk for natural hair?&&&Hi everyone! Recently I have been looking into coconut milk. I heard it had good moisturizing properties and also had protein (which is a plus for me since i have slight heat damage on the back of my head). I was hoping to use it as a leave in, maybe mix it with some olis. However, I discovered if mixed with lemon it can be a natural relaxer. I don't want to do anything that can put my curls at risk. I was planning on using it daily, but now I am not sure. What has been your experiences using coconut milk?&&&So it hasnt messed with your curl pattern using it long term or anything? Also, do you think it would be fine to use on a daily basis. Thank you for responding!&&&Ahh okay, i think before anything I should test it out on a small portion of my hair or something. Thanks for your input!&&&I rinse my hair daily then I'll use a conditioner and rinse that out. I was planning on using this as a light moisturizer after my showers. But that is also something I was concerned about. How long it would be good to use on my hair if I refrigerate it. Also, apparently the lactic acid will loosen curls if its left in long enough or something like that. Which is something I dont want at all. I'm kind of considering using it as a deep conditioner now."
ThatHerbalHippyGirl,ornzkd,"I’ve used coconut milk in the past to make a homemade dc as well as a homemade shampoo. It was great, left my hair very soft. I have heard of people using it as a leave in but I would be hesitant to do so as you will have to refrigerate the mixture as it will spoil. You don’t really want to be leaving anything that spoils in your hair without rinsing or use it everyday. Are you washing your hair everyday? Do you mean to use this as more of a refresher spray?"
ChrisDavid94,orkq4k,Have your say: Choose pezz's hair color 2021&&&
82shninklebot,orhb9j,Try Organigrow Hairco!!!!
Ad-Tall,orhb9j,"Yeah your right you know. I actually did a cool session with these guys Carra.co. They have different curl specialist in there platform and gave me a plan with some products for my dry hair. 

Getting a hair specialist is life changing"
Apprehensive-Pop-771,orhb9j,"Don’t listen to anyone who is telling you to cut it smfh. I never had to cut my hair or do a big chop from damage! Get your regular trims and do deep conditioners and in time, your hair will revert back!"
Equivalent-Trade-888,orhb9j,Due to the amount of heat damage might be best to gradually clip the hair if you aren’t comfortable with a big chop. You have a great head shape for a short style!
Excellent_Tip8115,orhb9j,You have absolutely beautiful hair and skin. Whatever you decide to do you will still be beautiful.
Financial-Ad-295,orhb9j,Ola-plex treatment. +100 to Black Girl Long Hair
Indie701,orhb9j,"Based on the damage to my hair, I don’t know if I should try reviving the curls or if I should just try getting braids and letting it grow out.&&&&&&Thanks for the advice and info, I did a chop last year to a little below my shoulders (my hair was way longer when I did it) but I had also gotten it dyed when I did that and didn’t go to the salon for over a year afterwards… there’s still so much learning I need to do, but thanks for the help and advice again!&&&Okay, my next step will have to be finding someone to do it. I’ve always wanted to try them, but was always told I had “good hair” and that me getting them would be a waste when I was younger.&&&


I’ve come to the conclusion that my front part of my hair either has heat damage or dye damage (I can’t really tell which it is. It could be both). I don’t know how I should go about fixing it though. I got this Aztec Clay thing that is supposed to help revive hair and it’s curls, but I have yet to try it since I was told that it should used and then I should steam my hair afterwards. I don’t own a steamer so I haven’t attempted anything yet. But I was also thinking that maybe I should get braids, since I know it’s a protective style and I can just either chop half my hair and then grow it out with the braids and repeat until my hair is back to full health? I really don’t know what I should do, I was never taught to care for my hair and I have no idea what products I should use vs what I shouldn’t."
Longjumping-Ad-4874,orhb9j,Plopping your hair is easy I put leave in conditioner and curl refiner wrap my head in a tshirt n go to bed you’ll wake up w bouncy curls https://www.cosmopolitan.com/style-beauty/beauty/a25400845/how-to-plop-curls/
Midori234,orhb9j,"So, I’m going to go against the grain. Think about what you want. Do you want popping curls or do you just want your hair to be healthier? I think there is a difference. My hair is heat damaged as well and tbh I’ve given up on the curls. I have long hair as well. So, I’ve decided to try different protective styles. If I decide to give the curls a go again later, I would cut off slowly while still doing protective styles. It just depends on if you want to keep your length or not. I prefer to keep my length."
Monasgma,orhb9j,Your hair is beautiful! I should be so lucky. Deep Condition and Olaplex.
New_Reputation_4623,orhb9j,"A swim in the ocean. Some coconut oil. Repeat 2 or three times. Between dips, wrap hair in towel. Have about an inch taken off the ends. Then return to normal bathing routine, but don’t wash hair, or braid. After a week resume shampooing routine - but only use Herbal Essence (the original variety). Have faith!"
No-Medicine602,orhb9j,"As a curly hair specialist, my advice would be to cut it & start over. You can get protective styles in the meantime while your hair is growing. As for routines, all you need to do is shampoo & condition every 7-10 days (or as needed) and style with one product. The product you use would depend on your hair’s porosity rather than curl type/pattern. This will tell you if you need a cream styler or gel styler. Hope I helped a little!"
PrairieJack,orhb9j,"Not a waste. Braids are just a protective style to reduce manipulation, which in turn can increase length retention. You can also braid you own hair in braids, large plaits, or two strand twists."
TaiPer077,orhb9j,"Honestly, I’d go see a curl specialist first that can tell you their opinion on if your hair is saveable or if you should chop it etc. A consultation is usually not too expensive. 

Check out black girl curls online for a directory. I used them to find a stylist. I thought my hair was far too gone but she revived it right up."
anithaxo,orhb9j,"so in my experience with all that heat damage its best to just go ahead and chop because you cant revive heat damaged hair.  I used to live in New York where blow outs are as little as 25-30 bucks.  I was getting my hair blown out every week! I didnt realize until i started doing my own hair again after moving back home that my hair was so damaged from heat.  They had been telling me I need to try different styles at the salon but I was stubborn.  so anyway, my curls were extremely loose, my hair was flat and dead no volume, as soon as I had enough hair to make a ponytail I cut off all the dead hair and started protective styling. grew very nicely.  My advice would be to do knotless braids and jumbo style for less tension"
buttermelonMilkjam,orhb9j,"braids, grow & chop a little along the way every 2mo or so.your hair is damaged but not unreviveable... plus with some treatments youll be able to revive SOME of the strands (so no use in doing a proper big chop unless you want that)

also, in braids youll get to wash your hair lots & quickly.

youll be back to great looking hair in 8months or so (most ppls hair grows at 2cm a month), so the hair closer to your head is still damaged but usually can be revived easier than the ends, mostly bc ppl tend to havr the worst heat damage at the shaft ofthe hair... making the damange beyond repair, but will have a lighter touch closer to the scalp) & be actually healthy in 18 months.

EDIT: lol... so many typos!"
darkmoonpixel,orhb9j,What did you decide?
happyhippoking,orhb9j,"The Aztec clay helps the clarify the curls and makes them pop. Following the clay, deep condition.

You have really beautiful hair, so do what's easiest for you and makes you feel most confident! Use a protective style and slowly transition by trimming before or after each style as reccomended by your stylist. Or go for a big chop. I love short hair and I found so much confidence and sexiness when my hair was short.

For products: cleanser, conditioner, styler with hold (mousse, gel/jelly, cream). You can also do the LOC or LCO method before adding a gel, if your hair tends to be drier or has problems retaining moisture. The LOC/LCO is a way to layer products to maintain moisture; L- Leave in, O - Oil, C - Cream."
hottiblondey,orhb9j,Reviving the curls you got beautifull hair!
pretty_FUBAR,orhb9j,"I am personally a fan of “The Big Chop” & encourage you to do it. Braids and protective styles are soo much fun & have come a long way over time, the options are basically endless! Then add in the feelings you’ll get over time as you watch and take care of your hair as it grows back healthy & gorgeous, My friend… it’s so worth it!
(p.s. i’ve done it & my only regret was not doing yrs sooner!)"
rowannmic,orhb9j,I agree that transitioning out the damage with protective styles  or big chopping and avoiding direct heat are going to be the best options here.
JWC4PF,orfrjb,Get some waves and a durag. You can also tell your barber to skim off the top to catch those hairs
KEnyinna,orfrjb,My hair is similar. A thick pomade helps. Also wrapping hair in a silk scarf for a few minutes after applying products on wet hair.
Notyetthrownaway69,orfrjb,"Proof of Frizz. Suggestions?&&&&&&Are gel and pomade the same? If so, then I’ve thought about applying it but have decided not to for the time being because I don’t see it as a long-term solution. I want to provide my hair with what it might need to naturally reduce frizz rather than forcefully lay it down, if that makes sense."
ThatHerbalHippyGirl,orfrjb,"Is the short hair the before and longer the after? If so I think you may be mistaking your curly hair for frizz. As it grows there’s more and it’s big. Other than non permanent things like not touching your hair through the day and applying styling products like gel and sleeping with a satin scarf, with time this is typically how textured hair will begin to look. It doesn’t look bad btw, just looks like you’re close to wash day. I’d suggest adding gel to your wash day steps as someone said before as it will extend your wash n go and give you a more defined look for longer."
kswizzieq1,orfrjb,Try applying gel and then tying your hair down with a scarf for some time and see if that works for you!
ndilapha,orfrjb,"Ermmm. Perhaps an unpopular opinion. I find your hair naturally and authentically beautiful! 💖
Twist outs normally reduce my frizz. But, I'm also not bothered by it, tbh. 💐"
Notyetthrownaway69,orfqd6,"Unmanageable Frizz&&&
For the past couple of months I’ve been on a weird journey with my hair, which mostly was me wanting my hair to be a certain way without taking the necessary steps and also dealing with issues I’ve never had before. From dandruff, which was quickly taken care of to the problem I face now, frizz. 

Not sure why or how it started but it did start over the last month or two. When I first noticed it, I didn’t really have any plans for my hair and was just letting it grow out at the time. I saw my hair was very visibly standing up on end and is the first time this has ever happened. My hair isn’t the curliest but it’s never been frizzy if i can remember correctly. In an effort to combat the frizz while my hair was growing out, I applied certain hair products like conditioner/moisturizer but didn’t see any immediate results. After this, I thought to myself maybe the hair I was targeting was damaged beyond repair so I then decided to get just cut it and off and start fresh. I also added a routine and had an actual plan for what to do with my hair(getting waves, which Ive had before multiple different times). That haircut was about two weeks ago and since then I’ve been doing more to take care of my hair than I ever did before. I’ve incorporated the L.O.C method into my schedule, doing that once a week, first with castor oil then more recently with argan oil (heard it’s better to tamper frizz);moisturizing my hair daily, once at night before putting on my durag and once in the morning, with a product that claims it prevents frizz; even using cold water to dampen my hair before applying product; and brushing it of course. 

Despite all my efforts, it seems as if it hasn’t made any difference. As I mentioned before, this is the most effort I’ve ever put into to taking care of my hair yet the results are far from ideal having frizz that I’ve never had before.


At this point I feel better off trying to use my frizz as a style but I don’t even think that’s possible. What frizzy and decent hairstyles even exist? Or I might just have to seek out an unaffordable hair specialist. Am I even really black?


TLDR; 
I’ve been taking care of my hair much better than I ever have before (details in the post) to deal with an issue I’ve never had before, frizz. So far, I haven’t seen any results. Any suggestions? Pictures of it are linked below


Sidenote; I’m sure diet could potentially play a role so for anyone who may be curious, my diet isn’t all that bad. My diet has more or less always been the same my whole life. I don’t eat a lot of junk food, try to eat holistic meals but that usually doesn’t work out most days. I try to eat vegetables/fruits whenever I can which might be no more than 3 times a week."
Blaque-Cat,orfba8,"Depends on the type, quality, and use of the dye. Avoid box dyes and use color + developer instead. You can go get a rinse or semi permanent dye if you want something temporary."
Infinite-Swordfish97,orfba8,"Not unless you do it too often. I’ve dyed my hair for years, but you can get the same results with a rinse. Try that first"
Jameriaa1,orfba8,Will dying my hair jet black damage it? My hair is sorta brown naturally but I want it black.&&&
ThatHerbalHippyGirl,orfba8,If you try this you should look into doing a two step process where you henna first and then indigo. It’s the only way to get shiny black hair. Henna gives my hair red tones in sunlight!
trailbaybee,orfba8,Maybe henna would work for that?
wooweeitszea,orfba8,"Do a rinse, it’s semi-permanent and less damaging"
Frankiesaysrealax,ore2h4,Don’t they add the tip in the price already? I thought they did since they are the ones setting the price. 🤷‍♀️
ManifeztedBliss,ore2h4,"Tipping braider that does hair from home. Do I need to?&&&Getting some faux distressed locs. The price is $330 and it does take a few hours, but it’s her side gig and she’s doing it from home so she’s not renting a chair. Wondering if I need to tip. Normally I do, but this is the most I’ve spent on a style (I really wanted it). The money is going to her in full.&&&🤣🤣🤣 well damn, thank you for that warning!!&&&That’s a good question, I’m not sure and didn’t want to assume.&&&I’ve never seen it cheaper in NY honestly. It also lasts a long time so to me it’s worth it. I wanted a very specific look.&&&I did not tip her $50, but I did give her a little something. Hopefully that’s enough. I liked her service and wouldn’t mind going to her again.&&&Lol butt length. I literally never get my hair done and even trim my own ends. Wanted to kinda splurge for my 30th."
Perfectlyimperfect24,ore2h4,"I always tip. My most recent style was knotless braids that cost $350 and I tipped her $50. The woman who did my hair, owns her shop but still, I think it’s the right thing to do."
Redditer706,ore2h4,"Well one time a lady did a really good job on my hair from her home. It was a side job for her. She was also expensive but worth it. 

Anyway, I paid cash and asked for change. Didn’t leave a tip. She never answered my messages for future appointments and pretty much refused to do my hair again lol. 

So basically, proceed to with caution if you want to use her services in the future haha"
TORONTOFOODJUNKY,ore2h4,No need for tipping. That’s also overpriced
satanic_panic_90,ore2h4,$330?!?! How long are they going to be?
stealthpursesnatch,ore2h4,Her financial situation- or at least what you perceive her situation to be - has nothing to do with a tip. Tips are given in appreciation of service.
Annisk8s,or6nt7,"Because sleekness and straight hair is associated with looking more presentable because of the history of the world. However, I’ve seen many brides with natural hair and locks. People do updos,afros with accessories , twists. All of these can be accessorized with pins etc."
Bearis4B,or6nt7,"...not sure where you're looking but I just duckduckgo image search ""4c hair bridal styles"" and PLENTY of styles pop up."
SourPatchImogen,or6nt7,"Why in the black community must the natural hair be straight or wigs be worn for formal events like weddings and proms?&&&I don’t see this topic much. I recently decided to look for natural hairstyles for brides yet all I saw consisted of straight wigs/weaves, straightened hair or hair completely slicked to appear somewhat straight. I get that it’s a look and all and people get to choose how they want to appear on their big day. I just wondered why it seems as though almost everyone decides to go for that look."
atomicoddball,or6nt7,I highly suggest looking at roll and tuck hairstyles for some bridal inspo! But of course that also plays in the eurocentric beauty standard 🥲 Theres some beautiful hairstyles tho.
hallislay,or6nt7,"Ugh, unfortunately there is a long complex history surrounding our hair. Most of us were taught that straight hair was more presentable and acceptable. 

I personally struggle with this exact topic because, on one hand we do need to normalize wearing natural styles to formal/special events (i’ve done it once and it took courage), but on the other hand, I lean towards getting my hair straightened for special events because I don’t want to look like my everyday self! In the same way I don’t wear makeup everyday, but for a special occasion I will. 

Personally, I think I’d be too nervous to wear my natural hair if I got married. In my experience, my hair straightened is a lot more predictable than my natural hair. A natural style I’ve tried 100 times, randomly decides to fail. Idk if I’d be prepared for that risk on my wedding day."
happyhippoking,or6nt7,"Agree. My natural hair is unpredictable. Humdity will cause it to frizz, expand and lose definition. Too much wind will cause the same issues.

I wouldn't play fate with it during an important event. Usually, I just do updos and sleek buns."
scrambledrainbow,or6nt7,"Maybe you already found it, but if you search 'natural wedding hair for black women' on Pinterest, a lot of cute hair ideas come up!"
zsaz_ch,or6nt7,"I could definitely be wrong as there’s obviously historical context behind straight hair in the black community. However when I look up wedding hairstyles majority of them tend to be updos which would be more easily achieved on blown out or stretched hair. Now anything outside of an updo I’m not sure, it could be a subconscious thing to think it’s a more polished look (not true, obviously) or maybe some people have a certain vision for their wedding which can honestly still contain subconscious thought about why a straighter look would be better."
Electronic-Energy-62,oqvbbe,"Hi. Idk if you'll consider trying this since certain people are really opposed to the idea of using hair grease, but I had the same problems until I started using it again (my mom used Dax and blue magic on my hair when I was little). Now my hair's soft, stronger (since it's not dried out a day after I apply products) and I can actually see growth

I have high density hair that's really low porosity, protein sensitive, fine and 4c. So if you're comfortable with it I'd definitely recommend trying water and hair grease"
Every_Squash_4543,oqvbbe,"How do I keep my 4c hair moisturised?&&&I've been natural for 5 years now, with thick coarse 4c hair , and I still don't know how to keep my hair moisturised. I used the LCO method but it just left my hair oily and dry after my hair soaked up the leave-in. I've tried the no oils or butters method and the only difference was that my hair wasn't oily when it was dry. When I put anything in my hair to moisturise it my hair becomes dry a few minutes after. I don't know what more to do.&&&It feels crunchy almost sometimes. In some places the ends easily break off when it's in that state."
InTooDee,oqvbbe,"I have thin 4C hair and I noticed that happens to me if I don’t put my hair in twists after applying my products, while it’s still damp. It can also happen to me if I don’t spend a good amount of time soaking my hair before conditioning"
hanap8127,oqvbbe,What makes you think it’s dry?
the_onri,oqvbbe,"The only way to moisturize hair (of any type) is through the introduction of water, by way of shampooing and conditioning. Leave-ins, styling products, or anything else labeled as a “moisturizer” that we put in our hair outside of the shampooing + conditioning process will only coat the hair. They may add softness, malleability, shine, etc, but those aren’t necessarily indicators of moisture. They could also just cause buildup🥴 

As for “keeping” hair moisturized, it’s not really possible, because water is prone to evaporate eventually. Depending on myriad factors (hair health, manipulation/friction, climate, etc), the time it takes for water to leave one’s hair can vary—a day or two for some, or several days for others. For comparison, it’s like when we drink water to quench our thirst. We understand that we’ll just drink some more water later when we get thirsty again, rather than trying to maintain or extend our “quenched-ness” by any alternative means."
John2139z,oquvtl,One Simple Way To Maintain A Healthy Hair Growth As This Formula Changed My Life And It Will Change Yours Too! A natural hair restoration formula that is available for everybody (For Men and Women)&&&[removed]
Alone-Advantage-7392,oqusrs,You are beautiful you hear me!! Loving your hair.
Alone_Jellyfish_7968,oqusrs,"Hope you're feeling better. x.

...... your hair turned out *better* than ok!"
Bear_Bones_mom,oqusrs,You should definitely go somewhere with that hair
ClutchinMyPearls,oqusrs,"Your hair is gorgeous and so are you! Better days ahead, Queen!🤎"
KathyStivaletti,oqusrs,"Gorge!   Hope you dried your tears, found your smile and headed out to rock those curls."
Phoenix_NY10,oqusrs,The coils look great and you’re beautiful to boot.  Hope you went out to show off! 👏🏾
ShondaGives,oqusrs,🥰
VelvetQueen1212,oqusrs,"Woke up this morning and started finger coiling my hair as a distraction from crying. Turned out okay, I think! I should probably go somewhere lol 😅&&&&&&Thank you, lovely 💕 I did for a bit lol&&&Thank you 💕 I really appreciate this.&&&Lmao this made me laugh real loud 😂😂 I am sure you are perfect! But thank you so much, love!&&&I went grocery shopping so I feel better at least some people saw it 😂&&&I did actually, smile was half way there but little steps and ptegorss🙏🏽💕 thank you so much&&&Depression is kicking my butt, however, I did have a better day today. Thank you so much! I 💕&&&🥺🥺🥺💕 you're amazing, thank you!&&&Thank you so much!&&&Thank you, love!&&&Hi, sure! You can PM me. And thank you 💕&&&🥺🥺🥺 thank you, I am a little better."
athenakathleen,oqusrs,"It's beautiful and you're as well. Whatever the tears were for, I really hope is okay."
loanna77,oqusrs,"Stunning boo&&&Hey I’d like to touch base with you on Becoming a Beauty Influencer for Farmasi. Have you heard of us ? If not, no worries boo&&&Yes absolutely gorgeous. Farmasi wants you 😘"
mxyline,oqusrs,you look beautiful! i hope you have a great day today 🤍
stealthpursesnatch,oqusrs,I’ve been smiling all day and look like a bird landed in the top of my head. And here you look like a model.
Significant777,oqtlzx,How to make your hair grow super fast ?&&&
Anonynae,oqsi8u,What texture hair would you say I have? This is it with NO products at all. Also I put a strand in water and it floated what does that mean?&&&
thefirstrastabarbie,oqsi8u,"If you mean texture as in 3c, 4a, etc then we'd need to see your hair defined (for example, a wash and go with products like leave-ins and gel). I think the rule is if it's still floating after 3 minutes then you have low porosity."
Emergency-Raisin2735,oqs7xh,You should speak to a Trichologist or a dermatologist as it might not be traction alopecia. Might be some other form of hair loss.
Gigi1992112,oqs7xh,"I have the same thing!! Just found the second one one year after another, the first one grew back tho! How many have you had?&&&Well im actually going to the derm on monday, it could be alopecia. But i do see quite a direct link with stress and some poor diet for a few weeks. So that might be the cause. I started to take supplements, ate way more veggies. And also take better care of my scalp with castor and blackseed oil. Ill let you know if it helps! The first spot did grow back that way tho!!! Did yours as well the ones you’ve had before this one?"
Guilty_Orange_661,oqs7xh,Nizoral is not with the regular shampoos. Please ask a pharmacist  if you cannot locate it. I got mine at walmart.
Imanon12354,oqs7xh,"Why do I sometimes have bald spots on my head like this and what can I do to prevent/treat it?&&&&&&No, I’m a new natural and my hair had been out for months and was too short to really do anything. I just recently got box braids.&&&Just to add on: At the time this picture was taken I applied no known tension to my hair such as braids, twists, slick back hairstyles, etc. I was relaxed for years and did the big chop, shaving my hair down to about a fade. As it was growing out I constantly had a few spots; some big and some small, where there was very little/no hair. 

TLDR: I applied no (known) tension to my hair and I did the big chop but was previously relaxed for 5+ years. (Mentioning the relaxed part cause I’ve started hearing about damaged hair follicles and whatnot).&&&Not sure, maybe 2 or 3? This one in the pic hasn’t really grown back yet but I currently have a protective hairstyle. Were you able to figure out the cause?"
Sunnymajor,oqs7xh,"I'm not doctor but... it could be alopecia. 
To be on the safe side schedule an appointment with your local Dermatologist and go from there."
my-weird-reality,oqs7xh,do you wear tight braids or slick your hair often? it could be due to the tension
maryplant,oqqrql,Advice&&&I am mixed with 4a type hair and both of my parents have no ideas how to take care of it. My hair gets frizzy when it’s dries and is prone to breakage. As of right now I’m using miss Jessie’s leave I conditioner and multicultural curls. I want to start taking better care of my hair so any advice would be great ❤️&&&Thank you so much!!! Gonna order these products and try this routine out :)
thetechdude99,oqqrql,Hey thought I could share my regimen— are use Waverly Dimes green queen shampoo which has black rice in it so I think it turns into like rice water when you wash with it. I don’t deep condition with Garnier fruitis treat coconut and leave it in then I apply Waverly Dimes Hare pre-treatment and I detangle sometimes adding Dime piece hair oil and then I add the dime piece hair butter to seal off my hair and a braid it before putting a satin bonnet on and I leave it overnight. In the morning my hair is usually dry enough to just pick apart my braids and rock my curls. When I get home I just spray my hair with the pre-treatment and re-braid it before going to bed and I can do that about a week before washing. I’ve learned that my hair doesn’t break as much if I don’t let it get dry or tangled. My curls are a little over 30 inches and ive kept this regimen a few years. Ive used carols daughter miss jessies camille rose mielle  and mixed chicks but wavery dimes has natural oils no chemicals which was best for me. I hope this helps!
