index,id,comments
2percentbatterygang,myn1wz,I took MSM when I broke my knee a few years ago to help with bone healing and I noticed my hair was noticeably longer within a month. I didnt keep track of the length exactly but if I had to guess I'd say my hair grew about an inch in a month where my hair normally probably grows maybe half an inch a month. Like I said it was noticeable growth. But it made me so so gassy so I never bought it again lol
sweetseamstress,myn1wz,"Has anyone used MSM? If so, how was your results?&&&Hey everyone! I’ve just starting using MSM water this week and obviously haven’t noticed anything yet but I was just wondering if anyone on here has experience with it before. I don’t really want to take it internally since I don’t know what the side effects are so I’ve just been using it externally and I plan to do so. If you have seen results from it positive or negative feel free to let me know, any insight is welcome 😊"
tauruspiscescancer,myn1wz,Following
-Jo_Jo-4,mymgon,"Help! My natural hair has ZERO bounce back and stretches out when I detangle&&&Hello naturals ♥︎ 
I have a dilemma that is a bit confusing for me. I've been noticing as I'm growing out my TWA, that my hair stretches *out* when I brush it. Like it has ZERO bounce back, and my hair only has very defined curls on my ends. But, when I step into the shower for the initial soak to wash my hair, my curls are poppin from the rootie to the tootie! Then when I get to sectioning and begin detangling, it all goes down hill from there and my roots and midsection is practically straight. Which is EXTREMELY alarming because I have 3C-4A range hair texture. I use brushes that usually define other naturals' curls like the Denman brush and the Tangle Teezer! When I do my boyfriend's hair with his TT, his curls maintain their pattern and have major bounce back. But then when I put my deep conditioner in, I notice my curls are once again coiling from root to tip. I'm very conflicted as to what to think of it. Do I need more moisture? Do I need to introduce more protein?  Should I just ditch the brushes all together, and just finger detangle? I feel if I do that, it won't get a very thorough detangle and I'll get single strand knots (which I loathe)."
DotHOHM,mymgon,Agreed. Sounds like moisture overload.
miaemo,mymgon,"It sounds like you need more protein. Try clarifying your hair and then use a protein treatment. Also, if you have finer strands make sure to use lighter products that won't weigh your hair down too much."
ClashesnCrashes,mylsm9,I didn't know if finger coils would be this fire. Why didn't anyone tell me before??&&&&&&Thank you! I'm definitely putting finger coils into my style rotation
Satflt7,mylsm9,Perfect!
slut4dior,mylsm9,You look great!
AsontiRelay,mykhj0,Sunlight and melanin hit different.&&&&&&Thank you so much! 🙌
Boombasticchild69,mykhj0,Yessss those eyes are popping
Cakes-and-Pies,mykhj0,"It’s true. But I bet you’d look beautiful in the shade, too."
CeeCee123456789,mykhj0,Beautiful.
GandalfTheGabby,mykhj0,That glooooow ✨🥺👑
LeftyMayo24,mykhj0,This my goal right here
Rainbows_2,mykhj0,"Wow, I’m speechless. You are an handsome young man"
Sperez04,mykhj0,Fro game strong 💪🏽😤
koalapsychologist,mykhj0,Mighty fro
Ashleyjasmine,myjixw,"I like it looks amazing! Your hair looks exactly like mine, can I ask how you styled it?"
DntGivmtheolRazlDazl,myjixw,"Your hair looks cute and you look cute as a whole! I know this isn't gonna fix how you feel about it right now, but know that 1. it'll grow back soon and 2. no one who matters is gonna look at you and think ""Ew"". Anyone who does say that deserves to stub all their toes, snag an irreparable hole in their favourite shirt, and suddenly find all their favourite foods revolting"
Empty-Cable5286,myjixw,What’s your hair type? Also your hair looks great❤️
Flameheartsan,myjixw,Ur curls are amazing
Lelemcgeegee,myjixw,"It’s beautiful! You just gotta get used to it.  With minimal manipulation and lots of hydration will grow faster than you know it. For me, i dyed my hair and it was fun to watch my new growth come in in a darker color."
LooksLikeABlueberry,myjixw,I love it! It looks gorgeous on you
Mila411,myjixw,"It looks beautifully cut, and the shape of your face fits it nicely. 

Lol, enjoy it while it’s at this length and easier to manipulate, cause soon enough it will be much longer and a bigger hassle. 

And while you’re at it, embrace yourself cause you’re a stunner. Own it💕"
TheDrumMinor,myjixw,I know you don't like it but like.... The definition tho
Urikalynn_,myjixw,"It’s cute and fits your face very well! I just got a heart shaped cut and the stylist cut it WAY shorter than I wanted + my hair shrinks like crazy. 

Try the banding method when you wrap it up tonight. It helped me. Even the little bit of length I get makes me feel better lol also I started accessorizing. Earrings make me feel more feminine and I think makes my haircut look better lol"
Wanderlust1101,myjixw,"It's beautiful ❤️. If you feel insecure, get braids off and on for several months."
Washandgocurls,myjixw,Welcome to the big chop world and I think it looks cute. My hair is still shorter than yours and I’m sure I weight 30 more pounds. We are our worst critics.
Wowzaitstorii,myjixw,I think it’s cute!! You have very nice curls and looks healthy.
delveyboo,myjixw,"Big chopped and way shorter than I expected.. I hate it, it brings out my weight more and ughhh. How long will this last LOL..&&&&&&Thank you :)&&&Good idea. Thank you&&&Thank you&&&Yup that always works. A  little harsh on the hair thoug&&&Yesss I just bought earrings and cute head wraps. Thanks for the compliment and I will try banding the front l. The back is awk.&&&LOL yass thank you&&&Omg how sweet! I’m trying to feel it too.&&&Thank you&&&Yes to water and growth!&&&Thanks! Trying!&&&Thank you!&&&Thanks to the curl specialist I went to!&&&Your hair looks great! But you’re right! Sometimes people don’t make it easy though&&&That’s a good point! I can’t wait to detangle this length. Thanks for the kind words it helps!&&&I don’t follow those typing systems anymore but type 4? Maybe b and thank you!&&&I went to a natural hair stylist. Follow black girl curls they will get u together. She used uncle funky gel and topped with a gel by innersense.  I’m practicing my technique now, lots of water, lots of product, and raking motions.&&&Yeah for sure but we decided since I want length to keep it like this since I’ll have to grow out the awkward stage and tapering would just prolong it.&&&So kind, ty"
dimitrag1,myjixw,Girl that shit is ca-ute... own that shit
dryernoodle,myjixw,Get some braids or a crochet style until it gets to a length you like! 🤷🏾‍♀️
freespiritedflower,myjixw,I personally love it! Confidence is everything! Visit Pinterest for inspiration.
furdpatrol13,myjixw,Is it cut even? I can’t tell from the pictures but you might feel better if you get a tapered cut.
girl-w-glasses,myjixw,Your curls are cute!!
katy789,myjixw,Love your curls! I'm excited to finally do a big chop and start fresh
kofeebrn1,myjixw,Your hair is gorgeous and healthy. Honestly I feel this in my soul.
DotHOHM,mygnqg,"If anything other than satin touches my hair, it will fall out. 

Satin headbandsl are a must for breaking edges imo. 

Try putting your bun in different positions. I know it's a pain, but putting it up in the same exact bun itself can cause breakage. 

I like the general plan you have otherwise."
ontariodwarf,mygnqg,"I can’t speak to the part about trying to protect your edges specifically, but I also have mostly type 4 hair recovering from damage and I work out 5-6x per week. When I work out, I wear my hair in a bun with a headband that’s not tight- basically just to keep my hair out of my face and just tight enough to not fall off my head. I wash my scalp with shampoo whenever it feels dirty, even if that’s after only 4 or so days or if it happens to be longer than I normally push it, but I’m not sure if that’s too much manipulation for you trying to be extra gentle with your edges. I always use a rinse out conditioner to detangle in the shower after shampooing and almost always follow with a deep conditioner and then add my leave ins and style, so I think of wash day as not just a time to clean my scalp and hair but also add in enough moisture to get me to the next wash day. I normally wear my hair in flat twists for a day and then as a twist out (usually in a bun) til wash day and I don’t do anything to it between wash days except put on a satin bonnet to sleep, so I’d say there’s a trade off: wash more often but only moisturize and manipulate on wash day, or wash less frequently but have to re-moisturize more often. Again, it also depends on how much you’re willing to manipulate your hair for the sake of your edges, but here’s my input just from personal experience!"
trixy136,mygnqg,"Working out with natural hair and maintaining edge re-growth&&&I have type 4c natural hair and I’ve been having some breakage at my edges. I suspect it a from years of protective style after protective style (box braids or crochet braids with cornrows) that’s lead to most of this breakage. I’m on a mission to grow my edges back fuller and longer. Right now I’ve decided to leave my hair out for the next 4 weeks to give it extra TLC. 

I work out 5 times a week, and do admit that in the past the only time I’d do a full wash with shampoo and conditioner was when I took my braids down. In between, I would try and refresh my scalp with diluted ACV. I would oil daily with black castor oil and spray down my scalp and braids with a diluted mix of water and leave in conditioner (carols daughter hair milk).

After doing some research, I plan on taking on this weekly care routine while my hair is out to help combat breakage from sweating so much:

1. After every workout, spray scalp with mixture of water, witch hazel, drops of tea tree oil, and black castor oil. 
2. Shampoo, condition, and deep condition hair weekly.
3. Apply leave in conditioner (Tgin miracle repair) after weekly hair wash. For every following day just spry hair down with mix of the leave in and water instead of concentrated leave in conditioner to prevent heavy buildup.
4. Oil scalp and edges daily with black castor oil mixed with drops of peppermint and tea tree essential oils 

While I wear my natural hair in a “pineapple” bun at the top of my head during workouts and it general, I leave the hair around it edges out and pin then to the side. 

I sweat a lot at the gym, so I do wear a headband. It’s cotton and I’ve been wearing it just on my forehead, not touching my edges. However, I’m planning on first wrapping my edges with a satin scarf and then putting on the headband. Is this overkill?

If you’re natural and work out a lot, let me know how I can improve on this plan and any tips you have! Thanks!&&&I really need to learn how to flat twist. I usually do mini braids with just my natural hair to stretch it or protect it while I’m keeping my hair out. I’m definitely going to do weekly washes as I think a lot of the damage I’ve been getting was also from product and sweat build up. ACV rinses just don’t do the job when you really need a deep clean.&&&I do have one more question, when I finish spritzing near my roots with the witch hazel mixture after a workout, do I need to re-moisturize my hair with leave in conditioner? Or is the water included in the witch hazel mixture enough moisture?"
ariesbish96,myghxc,"Check me out, i have some pages you might like <3&&&[removed]"
SandwichDizzy,mycv43,HOW I GREW MY HAIR BACK AFTER HAVING A BALD SPOT | BALDING| TRACTION ALOPECIA| 4C NATURAL HAIR |&&&
Kolakam,mycpqp,Love this GIRL HAIR STYLES&&&
Intelligent_Estate38,mybutp,"I use “knot on my watch” Aunt Jackie’s detangler, then I finger detangle and then use a with a wide tooth comb"
MissD34,mybutp,I swear by [this](https://www.princessdgifts.com/products/aloe-rose-detangling-spray)! It literally melts your tangles away and provides lots of moisture. Always start from the end of your hair to the roots with a wide tooth comb or your fingers.
Wanderlust1101,mybutp,"I am not a fan of Knot Today. Kinky Curling Custard is my forever bae though.  Karen's Body Beautiful leave ins   Sweet Ambrosia, Hair Nectar,and Super Silky are all phenomenal. Use a wide toothed shower comb, part in sections and break those sections into subsections. Lots of slip and very concentrated too."
forevermilky,mybutp,"What's the BEST detangling product for 4C hair?&&&I often wear my hair in two strand twists, and I left it in that style for too long so now 3 of my twists are kinda stuck together. I REALLY don't want to have to leave it in twists nor do u want to cut all my hair off just because of that. What's the BEST product for detangling hair when it's in twists?&&&By kinky curly?&&&Never thought about combing from the ends. Thanks!"
freespiritedflower,mybutp,Nope nope nope. Trust me on this. Mousse. You know the setting lotion you use to do an old school roller set? You know the slip it gives your hair? That’s all you need. Roller set mousse. $5. And this is coming from a women with 4c hair.&&&I’m gonna post a video and try and tag you
lovervvs,mybutp,KNOT TODAY!!!!! life saver&&&and a large comb. comb from the ends first
ontariodwarf,mybutp,"I’ve used both knot today and knot on my watch and like both. My favorite rinse-out conditioner for detangling is Aussie 3 minute miracle. At the end of the day, anything that’s slippery (or has slip) regardless of what’s really in it (although, certain ingredients lend to really slippery products) works best for my hair. Highly recommend applying to wet hair and letting it sit for a few mins before detangling, and if your tangles are really bad it might help to put on a shower cap (maybe with heat). I watch a YouTuber afope atoyebi who has an excellent video on detangling severely knotted hair using silicones. I can’t link here but search her and you should find it! As far as tools go, I start with my fingers and work my way up to a detangling brush - if your hair is really tangled you could try fingers, wide tooth comb then brush"
Appropriate_Heron_82,my324f,"My hair texture is very similar to yours -
The best thing that worked for me was washing , moisturizing while wet , stretching my hair for a day, then twisting with no product.  I would put a little bit of CD hair milk on the ends when done and mist with braid spray. 
Twisting my fingers while twisting never worked because my hair is fine and it made the twists limp. 
Twisting May not work for your hair too and that’s okay too.  It doesn’t work for mine."
Bahar_sisi,my324f,Comb your hair in the bath 🤗
Cnstclr,my324f,Yes! I was about to say twisting souffle. You also need to moisturize your hair before doing any protective styles. Also.. I seen someone above saying to use the two strand method. I think that would work well for you.
Creativ3Ren,my324f,"I think you would probably benefit from doing larger twists or even trying flat twists (def recommend the latter). When you are doing the single strand twists you can try rolling the ends with small perms rods. But DON’T twist the hair all the way down. Leave the ends that you’ll roll up into the perm rods loose, and just wrap it around. Hope this helps! :)"
Dangerous-Amoeba3493,my324f,"Hi guys, if you are interested in learning Arabic I can help you, I am interested in English"
Embarrassed_Cow,my324f,"My twists are never really defined and end up unraveling. Any tips?&&&&&&I do basically the same thing. Either Ill do it on freshly washed hair or Ill go in a spray a bunch of water before I start. Then of course leave in, a cream and then oil. I may need to add in a jell too. The twisting motion works for some of my hair but theres a lot of it that just doesn't care so ill see if rollers work on them.&&&Yea I see so many videos of twists on 4C hair and wasnt sure what I should do different. I started braiding the top but doing the bottom is a good idea! Thanks&&&haha Ill watch a video cause I have no idea how you twist for Senegalese twists. thanks for the tip!&&&Lol Ill look it up. Thanks!&&&I use both! But im not really worried about my edges. Theyve been gone since I was a toddler and I dont have any memory of having them. Tons of memories of my entire family trying every oil, pill, cream and prayer to get them to grow though. lol Thank you!"
GrimStylez,my324f,When you twist your hair try twisting your fingers you are holding the hair with and the hair strand with you hands. It’s harder to explain but you’ll need to watch a video on it. Because on paper it looks very confusing.
ILive4Banans,my324f,Are you normally twisting them or are you twisting them with the method you would use for Senegalese twists? They're more likely to stay in with the second method as the strands are twisted in on themselves - it's hard to explain without watching a tutorial lol
MinimalistEve,my324f,This is how I have to do mines and I have a combination of a heavy oil and a spray keeps them from unraveling. My favorite is if I’m weaving or throwing yarn in my hair I do the braiding at the top for the first few then twist away. If it’s just my natural hair no yarn or weave the I twist in the opposite direction farther down.
OptimalArmadillo81,my324f,"Use a good gel that would make them stay as they are, even natural aloe Vera gel works really well"
RahBreddits,my324f,What type of hair do you have?
Urikalynn_,my324f,"Maybe bigger twist? Whenever my twist unravel it’s usually because I do them too small. 

There’s a section of my hair that has a very loose curl so I have to do the top pretty chunky so it stays"
blkgurl_Majik,my324f,You can use some virgin hair growth oil and black Jamaican castor oil for your edges boo
freespiritedflower,my324f,I say rock them the way they naturally fall for you
hidden-question,my324f,I've found that trying to make the braid mimick the size of my natural curl helps the twist stay together. anything too much bigger or smaller makes it unravel quick!
mandukie,my324f,"okay, this will sound dumb but it works for me. say you have 2 chunks of hair, a and b, instead of twisting right away,  divide them into a1/a2 and b1/b2 and twist them, then twist a and b to form a mega twist 🤣"
onefourthtexan,my324f,"You have a looser curl pattern. You might have to just braid the end a couple times or add a twist tie. Some of my hair has a looser curl pattern too and that section will unravel and take way longer to dred.&&&This may not be the best idea for black hair, I’m thinking this because overtwisting can cause breakage of fragile strands."
silky_link07,my324f,"How are you twisting them? Are you using products?

My best twists are done on damp hair. If I just washed my hair, I use a leave in conditioner, sometimes an oil, and always a twisting cream (my hair likes Mielle’s twisting soufflé from the pomegranate and honey line and the Taliah Waajid curly curl cream to name a couple and not at the same time lol). If I haven’t just washed it, I break out the spray bottle and mist my hair so it’s damp and use just the twisting cream. 

As for the ends, I do the little twist motion to lock them in place. If that doesn’t work for you alone, you can use a small hair roller on your ends until they dry."
solarpanel_d,my324f,You could try braiding the beginning a little and then twisting the rest of the way down. Or you could do the method where you twist both strands of hair that you’re going to use opposite ways and then twist them together. You could also use little rubber bands to tie up the section of hair before twisting it (make sure to put oil on the rubber bands if you do). Also make sure to twist the end with a lil extra product. Make sure you use some type of product with some hold whether that be gel or custard whatever your hair needs. Also your twist won’t come out good if your hair is dry so make sure your hair is healthy.
the_heaviest_feather,my324f,"Some of the best advice I’ve received is that don’t twist down, just keep twisting and eventually you’ll twist down. I think this was on Naptural85’s Youtube channel... the idea is that when you twist, don’t twist and move down the hair, like you would a braid, instead just keep twisting and eventually you come to the end of the hair and it’s a much tighter twist. It’s hard to explain but if I can find the video I’ll post it!"
Kennisgoodman,mxx54r,Aye man I know this is a movie review but my hair was so fye in this I had to share. Kept rewatching cus I was in love with how my hair looked. Had to share&&&
CoffeeB4Talkie,mx92or,"I like avocado oil, jojoba oil, argan oil and JBCO. 

I can't use JBCO and not rinse it out. It's too heavy."
Crystalbabie,mx92or,I haven’t used oils in three years my hairs great
DotHOHM,mx92or,"Jojoba oil, and second is castor oil (black or regular really) are the only ones I use on my hair. 

I like to infuse my jojoba oil with plants from my garden. I'll add it to a proper product someday soon, but until then I'm lazy and use the oil."
GeauxBeyond,mx92or,I haven’t used oils in over a month. I used to do LCO with jojoba oil or with Camille Rose Cocoa Nibs and Honey. My hair is doing great and I won’t be going back to oils.
GenneyaK,mx92or,Best hair oils?&&&I am curious on what oils do you swear by or is anyone trying out the new hair trend of not using oils (if you are let me know how that’s working out for you too)
Missgenius44,mx92or,"So I actually stopped using oils years  before the trend but didn’t realize that’s what made my hair thrive. I got sick hair started shedding. Got a moisturizing shampoo and conditioner and that’s all I used. And a gel. I kept on telling people how much length I have retained and now I hardly have hair falling out. And I don’t use any Leavins. I didn’t realize this was a movement I kind of just figured it out and my hair has been thriving. But the trick is is that you need a very moisturizing shampoo and conditioner. 

What you have to realize is that a lot of these businesses are in there to make money right so they’re going to make a lot of products that’s really not necessary for you to use so just keep that in mind. Let me know if you want me to recommend the product to you I use this woman’s product and I swear by it."
