index,id,comments
prettylittlepenne,nthneq,What botanical gels do you like to use?&&&I've tried sea moss and flaxseed and I'm hoping to do marshmallow root soon. What other kinds of gels have you DIY'ed?
mamiafro,ntfqgr,"old pic of my natural fro&&&&#x200B;

[this was on 2020, i really love my hair even I had some straggly ends and no moisture\/protein balance lol EMBRACE YOUR NATURAL HAIR!!](https://preview.redd.it/kgs73j7eel371.jpg?width=2448&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=7be5c55ea912721eed2276186ca41ea22f2a670a)"
-sol-sol-sol-,nteewk,"you're not alone in feeling this way <3 . loving ourselves in a world that tells us not to is a revolutionary act and it takes patience, compassion, and trust in yourself. You look amazing btw scrolling to this post my first thought was literally that i should try to get my hair to look like yours"
Arielmpya,nteewk,It looks beautiful and I love the definition of the curls. Mine would just become a tangled up afro if I let it dry naturally😔
Ashtothelight,nteewk,Your hair is gorgeous. The density and texture are what some people wish they had. Don't listen to anyone telling you otherwise.
Coilymaneee,nteewk,"I think your hair looks great! I think moisturizing is the way to go! Investing in a good leave in conditioner would be great. Also, don’t let ignorance get you down! Embrace your hair no matter what. It is a part of you and you should cherish it."
DarkenedPlume,nteewk,"I hate that you feel this way.. 
I hate that I feel this way too, 
I know I'll eventually love and accept my hair fully, but I'm not there yet, nor are you. 

What I personally do, when it's 50% dry I put on pure shea butter to small sections (4 cm * 2 cm approximately?) and massage in to form curls and then I twist lightly,
Just let it dry, when I unravel in the morning it looks moisturized. 
The next day I leave it as is. The third day I re-twist with a bit of leave-in. 

After that I'm in Limbo, still figuring it out. 

Anyway, 
Much love 2 u, and good luck ♥"
DotHOHM,nteewk,"I'm sorry your mom and other people are ahowing their ignorance. 

No one's opinion is law. I had teammates constantly asking me when I would do my hair, offering to do for lower and lower prices, my neighbor even refused to see me as female the day after I had to get a twa. 

People. Are. Shit. Including our family sometimes. She is wrong. They are wrong.  

Sometimes standing up straight in a crooked room is going to make you feel like the one that is bent wrong. In your town being youself is going to make you a trail blazer, and people can't handle new things. It scares them. I don't blame you if decide to hide, that's a huge burden for you to have just trying to feel good about yourself. Unfortunately type 4 natural hair in it's natural state is pure defiance in cities like yours. It takes having a strong sense of self, and a don't give a f*×k attitude. 

Eventually, everyone got over it. They love my hair now. Some even went natural. But for a few years, I wasn't seen as female and was degraded left and right. 

I met my love and have been together for the better part of a decade with the hair everyone hated. We are beautiful. Sometimes it just takes time for others to see it.&&&There are styling techniques called finger coiling and raking (raking being relatively easy) that can kind change the way you wash and goes look, along with a botanical gel. But I would try to do them out of joy, not pressure. Good luck."
EEOA,nteewk,It’s stunning as is! People hate seeing type 4 hair but we have to not internalise it. You look gorge 😍😍please don’t feel ugly 🙏🏾
EconomyCoat9,nteewk,"Accessorize it, maybe add cute clips and part the middle. You’re hair is very pretty btw."
Ecstatic_Ad_5593,nteewk,your hair is beautiful!! It’s just like mine! Embrace it. 😍
EthernetElle,nteewk,"Rock your natural crown Sis ❤️ Took me until GRAD school to embrace and go through the phase of loving my own. It’s not easy, but you have to be comfortable letting it be what it is. That’s the natural hair growing from your head and there’s nothing wrong with it!"
Flameheartsan,nteewk,It looks amazing the way it is
Fluffysnoflake,nteewk,Your hair looks perfect the way it is
GreatAccomplishments,nteewk,"Find a product that works best for your hair as far as hydration and keeping your curl pattern. 

I wet my hair 3-4times a week using conditioner in the shower to detangle and leaving it in & when i got out i also also saturated my hair with coconut oil and braided back in 2 braids. I did this for like 2-3wks and i saw a huge difference"
HeWokeMeUpAgainAgain,nteewk,Your hair is amazing. It looks great just when you moisturize remember to be generous with gel. I used to not use enough gel (i thought it would make my hair crunchy) and my hair would frizz prematurely and the curls would fall by day 3.
HoeForCookieDough,nteewk,"This is so frustrating because we should be able to wear our hair out without needing to do a braid/twist out, because that’s still manipulating your hair to make it look a certain way that is hard to naturally attain without extra effort. 

Anyway, I think your hair looks great the way it is. It looks healthy. It probably just needs a little more moisture. I think you should just wear your hair however you want. Your hair isn’t on your mother’s head so it’s honestly none of her business :/"
LadyTK,nteewk,"It looks good, just dry. Make sure to deep condition and moisturize."
LakeofTimber,nteewk,"I'm sorry that you're experiencing that. My mom straight up told me my natural hair was ugly the first year I was fully natural (she grew up with perms, thinks only straight, ""neat"" hair is best). I had to hold my head up high and tell her that it's not ugly. And somehow many years later, my mom went natural. I actually spent a lot of time trying to convince my mom to not go back to the creamy crack because she felt her hair was ""messy and undone""

I say all of this to say, your hair is gorgeous! Growing in confidence of what your hair can do, and even having positive voices around you,  does wonders. It hurts when those voices don't come from our moms. But I'm positive that there are friends and other around you that love you hair, too. Heck, look at all of the people in this post saying you have gorgeous hair.

When I don't feel like doing anything to my head, or if it looks real wild, I'll just wrap it in a hair wrap and tie a pretty bow. But your hair srsly is so nice"
Livelovelaughter321,nteewk,Try doing a high puff and use the loc method to moisturise
Momo699,nteewk,"Baby gurl it’s just dry. Slang some moisture in that thing and your curls will pop. It just needs some tlc. Make sure you are sleeping with a bonnet a night or silk pillow case. I would check your porosity as well to see which products will work better in your hair. And I’ll be honest our hair texture can change over time due to hormones and stress so you might wake up one day and it will start growing completely different..happend to me. :) good luck. You are pretty, and you will find a routine."
Monasgma,nteewk,"Good luck! Keep your hair and scalp clean and moisturized and
The rest is not your problem. You look
Awesome."
Murky_Blueberry_7256,nteewk,More/ heavier products to maintain the wet look and length. Or braid out / flat twist out to maintain curl pattern and length
Naturenymph812,nteewk,Why is this downvoted ? Lol
NetoKnowsThangs,nteewk,"Wdym “look better” I wish MY hair looked like that. Your hair looks gorgeous and quite healthy, don’t fret"
Old-Key679,nteewk,خوبه سخت نگیر
Onelittleleaf,nteewk,"Your hair is gorgeous the way it is. Anything you do to style it should be for you to have fun with and explore styles. I'm sorry your mom told you your natural hair isnt good enough but you dont look messy or anything, your hair looks healthy and beautiful."
Poison_EYEv33,nteewk,"Your hair is absolutely beautiful. I think confidence is the most important thing. Having curly hair myself some days it looks more “put together” than others, and really just trying to keep it healthy is most important. Conditioners and using silk pillow cases, and wraps really help keep it maintained. But again confidence in your natural beauty is most important! And if you don’t have it yet, taking time in small increments to appreciate yourself will help. ❤️"
PrettyHarmless,nteewk,"Your hair looks so healthy. The only thing I would add to suggestions is to experiment with some hair accessories (clips, hairpins, hair jewelry, etc) and different ways of parting your hair. (Also, head wraps that leave some hair out) Sometimes just putting in a stylish hair comb can give you a more ""finished"" look if that's what you are trying to accomplish."
PrincessTiaraLove,nteewk,"You have gorgeous hair, and there is nothing to feel ugly about your hair growing out of your head the way it is. Maybe somebody has made your mother feel ugly about her hair and she doesn’t know any better, but you don’t have to feel that way! Your hair is gorgeous. I love the length and curl pattern and it also looks very very healthy. There is not much I would recommend except deep condition it on a weekly basis and get a good oil such as castor oil to make it shiny. You can do cute little styles like half up/down, add some charms. Some people will criticize what they don’t understand and they will even be jealous of your confidence and self love so don’t let them bother you! You are special and unique and if people don’t like your hair then tell them to go the other way!"
Rbean95,nteewk,"Your hair IS gorgeous, but your mom also isn’t wrong about twisting it. It’s a a way of protecting it I thought? Someone correct me if I’m wrong. From your post it doesn’t sound like she’s saying don’t wear your natural, just to prep it? If she doesn’t believe if the pineapple method though, she’s dead wrong. But even still our hair loves to coil & kink so you want to twist it to ensure no tangles or breakage."
RipredTheGnawer,nteewk,Healthy hair is beautiful. As long as you are maintaining hair health by washing it regularly and making sure it is properly moisturized(oil/conditioner/moisturizer). You can be confident and your hair honestly looks good to me in the pictures you posted. I prefer women with their hair out over more stylized looks.
ThatsNoMoOnx,nteewk,Your hair looks beautiful!
Understanding_Naive,nteewk,"Flat twists, cornrows, box braids.


You want to wear it out? 

Maybe finger coils?"
Unicorn_Milly,nteewk,"I think your hair is stunning. I would love to have hair like yours!!  The only thing I might suggest (I'm a hairstylist that specializes in curly hair) is try parting on the side..might need a trim to make it work.. but honestly girl, you look fab...don't let anyone tell you different!"
XihuanNi-6784,nteewk,Looks great to me.
Yna_AI,nteewk,"Looks cute and healthy. You can experiment with accessories if it makes you feel better, but you've got a nice head of hair and it looks just fine."
angrybaija,nteewk,"it seems your hair is longer on top/in front, maybe a haircut (from someone who does natural hair!!) to layer it more could be fun to change things up. but honestly i like the shape and pattern **a lot** and would leave it. I'm sorry you've been made to feel insecure about your hair, it looks so healthy and I'm a huge fan!"
ateyFiver,nteewk,Start documenting those idiots at work who comment on your hair. Hair is now a protected class & no one should be saying anything about your hair. It’s workplace discrimination and it’s harassment. They have no right!
aydeeoh,nteewk,you can do 4 sections and 4 twists in each section (so 16 twists in total) my hair is about bra strap length and it brings my hair down to my shoulders
babyyybas,nteewk,all i see is a beautiful head of hair 🥺😍
bu2fusul,nteewk,"Your hair is gorgeous...

Try a deep conditioner, my favorite is Queen Helene's Cholesterol Hair Conditioning Cream to moisturize it."
chaiitea3,nteewk,"I swear you are my hair twin. Same texture, thickness. Your hair is beautiful! I’ve been natural for more than five years now and the biggest thing is keeping it moisturize. As others have said, it does look a little dry which I have found for my hair, can change the appearance of it so drastically. But I’m here to say this, I have tried almost every product line in the world over the last five years and at the end of the day, you have to feel comfortable with your hair. Find something that works for you. Not for your mother. Not for work. For you."
chronosxci,nteewk,Your hair is full and beautiful. Your mom has old hangups about natural hair. The only thing I can say is to make sure it's moisturized.
dramatic_gasp19,nteewk,Your hair looks amazing!! Remind yourself that it's your hair and you don't need people to dictate how you wear it!
dreamingingreyscale,nteewk,Your hair looks amazing! 😍
eve_gen21822,nteewk,"What can I do to make my hair look better&&&&&&I have medium length type 4 hair and idk how to wear it out. Today I decided to wear it out and mom didn’t really like it. She said, “you can’t just wet it, put some product on it and go. You have to prep it at night.” She really only like me wearing my hair out if it’s a braid out/twist out. I don’t like doing those because it take too much time. I just want to wear my hair how it is. But my mom is making it seem like I don’t have the “type to do that.” I just don’t want to feel ugly. I feel so ugly. I already had a stranger at work criticize my hair. No one in my town wears their natural hair if it’s not type 3 or looser. I just want to give up. Any advice?&&&Thanks for responding💕 I think I might try finger coils soon"
femaleminority,nteewk,"1.) That hair is gorgeous!! Ignore anyone telling you otherwise, mom included. 

Okay, now that we’ve gotten that out of the way, I have a similar texture to yours and I hate doing twist outs/have no patience for it, so here’s what I like to do:

1.) Wash and deep condition. Your hair does look a little dry, but we can fix that easily. Throw a deep conditioner on it, put a shower cap over it, and sit under a dryer for 20 minutes, then rinse it out. If you don’t have a dryer, you can put on the shower cap and walk around for like an hour or two. Sometimes if I’m being real lazy I sleep with the deep conditioner in and rinse it out in the morning. I would deep condition once a week, but only use shampoo every two weeks until it’s not as dry. My favorite shampoo/conditioner products right now are TGIN (black owned, heyyyy), but play around until you find what you like. Some products are good for some hair but not others (I hate Shea Moisture for example, dries me tf out). Also, if you don’t have a dryer but you want one, I 100% recommend the Gold N Hot bonnet dryer, I’ve had that bad boy for like a decade now and it’s still going strong, plus so small it goes right under the bathroom sink when I’m not using it. 

2.) While it’s wet, do the finger coil thing other people on here talking about. I section mine, spray water on the section I’m about to use, work some leave in conditioner through it, and a LITTLE bit of oil (castor oil, coconut oil...one of those). Then you want to seal it with some gel (I like to use eco styler, the green one). Put gel on your fingers and separate all the ringlets, make sure each one gets some gel. Some people run a comb through it after they use the gel to stretch it out/they say it dries longer, but idk mine just gets frizzy when I do that. 

3.) Rock some headbands! I love me a good headband. I like the circle kind that goes all the way around your head. It jazzes up the place a little. 

4.) Every morning, spritz with water/tug those curls back into shape (sleep with a bonnet, of course). Also throw some moisturizer on there. Again, I’m really into the TGIN products right now. This takes like 10 seconds and then you’re good to go for a day! Usually I can do this for a week before I wash again, and hair looks best around day 2-3 (so, you know, if you have a date or something, you can plan ahead). 

Good luck! You are gorgeous! You got this!!! It’ll take some time but you’ll find a routine that works, and your Reddit family is gonna be here for you!

EDIT TO ADD: Also, I should have said this to begin with, if you want to ignore everybody on here’s advice, your hair right now is ALREADY beautiful! You don’t NEED to do anything else - only if you WANT to!"
happyhippoking,nteewk,"Your hair is beautiful! Your Mom seems to have a lot of hangups and some internalised things going on. That is not your problem and she should be encouraging you to love and embrace your texture. The natural hair movement was for that purpose. Hair love for kinkier textures. You can absolutely wet your hair, apply some product and go. That's the wash n go. The whole curls poppin, juicy curls is just another manifestation of texture discrimination. Not only that, trying to achieve juicy curls and laid edges keeps black women in the house styling for hours and there's some historical misogyny in that too. 

That being said, it's going to take some unwavering confidence, self-love and a strong inner voice to wear your hair natural with all that negative external chatter. I say go for it, but sometimes you have to take baby steps.

If I'm not feeling curl confident, I'll do some styles that show off my natural hair and texture. High puffs, high double puffs, low puffs, low double puffs, half up - half down, bun on top with bottom out, scarf around the hair with puff out. If you're good at braiding, you can add cute braids and accessories. I love doing headbands, flower crowns, or even a baseball hat with my hair out.

Whenever I'm out with my natural hair, I receive so many compliments from other naturals, little black girls, etc. This is your crown and you never let it fall."
hidden-question,nteewk,"Honestly it looks pretty good to me, nice and healthy and not weighed down. What does better mean to you"
icecoldramennooddles,nteewk,"I think your hair is perfect as it is. Seriously, I wish my hair looked like yours!"
jikajika,nteewk,"**""Our skin absorbs the sunrays, and my hair defies gravity. You can't tell me I'm not magical""!**   
\- A smart af, throwing middle fingers in the air, respect the black girl magic, unapologetic black woman

Burn this quote into your memory, and go out there and slay."
kaeicorn,nteewk,"Your hair is so pretty 🥺 I love it! I like to rotate between wearing my hair out and putting braids in. Sometimes you just need to change things up for a change of pace. 

Your hair is also pretty long so maybe a high puff or cute buns would look nice."
lcabinda,nteewk,Hey gurl I sent you a PM
lonette5115,nteewk,"Your hair is gorgeous!!!  Sounds like your mom's taste, not yours."
maddylikessoccerr,nteewk,"Oh my god I’m sorry you’re surrounded by such hateful people. It can take us a long time to love our natural hair and those negative people aren’t making it any easier for you. I want to tell you to be strong and continue wearing your hair the way YOU want to, however that may look. I hate that we have to be so strong but if we keep doing us and forcing the world to accept us, maybe the next generation won’t have to be as strong. 

If you ever need someone to talk to please feel free to dm me. I know how much it hurts hearing your own mom say your hair needs to be “done” as if it’s not ok to wear it how it grows out of my head.&&&I have the same texture and cut as you and I love wearing my hair out (stretched or not!). It feels so freeing to me and it’s mentally easier too. Don’t worry about what other people say about it. It only matters how YOU feel about it."
manohman31,nteewk,Sheesh it’s beautiful and looks healthy! You’re doing great! Keep it up!
mochigoodness,nteewk,"I think the nature of our hair, even with healthy is that it will look dry.  Makes sense in a way in that we're not manually manipulating the oil from our scalp to our ends.  

So condition regularly, like if you wash once a week, do a deep conditioner as well, one that you leave on for while.  Rinse with cool water to seal the cuticle.  

I'm not sure this will work for your hair, you have more curl than I do, but coloring your hair with hair dye with a neutral color adds a nice shine for me, that and using shea based styling creams."
my_baby_smurf,nteewk,"I’d recommend giving a side part a try. Maybe some nice big earrings if you’re into that.

Your hair already looks great. You don’t have to change a thing. Be the trailblazer you are. 🖤You’re beautiful. Your hair is beautiful!"
notusinmyrealname,nteewk,"I have a similar curl pattern and everyday can be a new shrinkage level. If I have the time to do so, I usually will put my hair in a top pony (scrunchie is fine) and then 10-15 mins later, let it out, doing this a couple times within the next couple hours. I put in all my products in layers and go from there. This helps stretch it out for me while its in between drying and being wet. 

They say diffusing helps with this as the air-dying can make a difference in how it ends up at the end of the day."
sexyseroquel,nteewk,It’s beautiful
snoopozzly,nteewk,"I think your hair is really cute. I have girls at my job with similar curl patterns as yours and they where it
out all the time, it’s very pretty"
thatyaoilover,nteewk,Cutting yourself some bangs is a good way to spice things up!
torik97,nteewk,"Denman brush, and applying product to soaking wet hair"
tsmall4real,nteewk,"Your hair is your crown 👸🏽
You should be comfortable with how you wear it because it is yours.&&&I do not see anything wrong with your hair. What do you think or feel it needs? Moisture, hydration, volume or length? If it is healthy, then you need not worry about anything else."
xCalyypso,nteewk,"your hair looks great just as it is. you could try two high puffs or low puffs, or add some cute little clips and accessories to enhance your hairs natural beauty"
_Auriana,nte7eg,Help: 4A/4B Hair won’t hold curls without extremely heavy product&&&[removed]
DoubllW,nt70zr,Is raw natural shea butter good for hair?
Key_Possibility_5508,nt70zr,"Peppermint, tea tree, avocado, papaya, eggs, aloe vera. There are so many natural ingredients. Honey, cinnamon, lavender, tumeric..so many.."
b1andf,nt70zr,"If no shampoos, conditioner, soaps were around, what natural fruits, veg, plants etc.. would we use to keep our skin and hair healthy?&&&&&&Thank you and what's best for skin?"
brownbettytoffee,nt70zr,"Raw honey, plain yogurt, milk kefir, powdered Sidr (Qasil leaf), avocado, banana, raw/fresh butter, frankincense,myrrh, moringa(both the powdered leaf and the oil), olive oil and castor oil"
mamiafro,nt70zr,"Aloe vera and sapindus saponaria to wash it, clay to detox, flaxseed to soften it, avocado for protein..."
IBreakScales,nt52xh,Reverse conditioning&&&[removed]
flirtandflutter,nt52xh,"I condition, shampoo, then conditioner again. Do most of my detangling before I shampoo."
ontariodwarf,nt52xh,"I don’t think “reverse shampooing” works as well as the traditional way/finishing with conditioner because shampoo leaves your hair with lots of negative charges and conditioner has ingredients that balance those negative charges out, so if you do it in reverse then your hair is left negatively charged, which tends to cause frizz. I pre-poo sometimes, which is basically conditioning before washing, but I still condition again after shampooing"
Blaque-Cat,nsyluf,"If you have to do this, you’re not doing something right. Try clarifying your hair to see if you have buildup. Try reading the instructions to see if you’re actually using the product properly. Think about what other products you use that could compromise the performance of your styler. Decide what results you want from styling your hair and figure out if the styler you currently use is intended for those results."
conceptualrose,nsyluf,"Does anyone else's hair get ""bored"" of a good product after a few months?&&&No matter how good the product, I find I need to rotate it out for a few months until my hair ""forgets"" and then flourishes again when i reintroduce it.

It probably has something to do with needing a variety of vitamins/minerals but I haven't studied it that deep yet.

Edit: Thanks all, I need to clarify"
mamiafro,nsyluf,"Hair doesnt get ''bored'' of a product. Remember ur hair needs balance and sometimes it may need more moisture/protein and that product isnt as potent as ur hair needs.  


Also this happens when u haven't clarified on a long time."
usagi18,nsygp4,wash day&&&
Coilymaneee,nsx0ah,So beautiful! I love finger coils!
Equal_Optimal,nsx0ah,You have a lot of patience lol
Kiwiflavored,nsx0ah,It looks super good! Great job!
Makeupanopinion,nsx0ah,So wonderful! You should deff post on r/curlyhair if you haven't already!
Monasgma,nsx0ah,What products do you use?&&&I know! 🤯🤫
NotAPigeonInDisguise,nsx0ah,What did you use to let it stay?! I want to perfect finger coils so badly!
Numbooboo,nsx0ah,Glorious.
Ok-Toe-3360,nsx0ah,"Finger Coil&&&&&&It takes forever to grow out but it’s worth the wait 🥰&&&Thanks! It definitely is a learning process but very much worth it!&&&Thank you!!&&&For styling I use Bounce Curl Leave In Conditioner, Cantu Coconut Curling Cream and Not Your Mothers Sculpting Gel.&&&Thanks! 😊&&&Thank you!&&&To wash I used Bounce Curl Cleansing Conditioner and Cream Conditioner. For styling I use Bounce Curl Leave In Conditioner, Cantu Coconut Curling Cream and Not Your Mothers Sculpting Gel.&&&Thank you! I stopped doing them for a while but the results this time were so good I might have to bring them back into our routine :)"
PrTYlaDY90,nsx0ah,It looks soooo pretty!! I cant wait until my daughter's hair is long enough to do finger coils while it's out
ThatsNoMoOnx,nsx0ah,Omggg looks so good!
orchidsinthewindow,nsx0ah,"I wish my white parent had put in the effort to learn about my hair, kudos to you for learning❤️ her hair looks beautiful!"
wildwind29,nsx0ah,What are finger coils?  How are they achieved? Your daughters hair looks similar to mine and I would love that level of definition.  Thanks in advance.
Rocthatspiffiness,nst72i,How I grew my natural hair???&&&
HeavyBread1431,nsge00,How to braid hair and amazing skills - choppy hair skills #Fashion #Beau...&&&
bansbbymutha,nsanpo,Hair color after braids&&&How long should I wait to color my hair after taking braids down?
conceptualrose,nsa3br,How did it go?
melaninharley92,nsa3br,"Dying my hair&&&Hey I’m going to be dying my hair red tonight and I wanted to know what proper steps should I take?  

I’m not using bleach I’m just using developer and L’Oreal highlight colors.
I know that you shouldn’t shampoo your hair after dying it, am I allowed to put in any type of oil‘s or deep conditioner or leave in conditioner ? 

I don’t want my hair to be super dry but I also don’t want to take out more color than I need to .


Lastly are there any products that you all recommend for dyed natural hair?

Thank you so much !&&&It came out pretty well! My hair tends to grow fast so I will probably need a touch up soon but I will wait after 6 weeks . I’m going to get knotless braids to give my hair a break but I love the color !!"
ontariodwarf,nsa3br,"Something important I learned is that your hair will let go of the dye molecules naturally over time and this is sped up with water. It’s not so much the shampoo/products you use as it is wetting the hair, which raises the cuticle and releases some of those dye molecules. So don’t stress about the color fading quickly, especially if you have highly porous hair, but the more you wet your hair the faster the color will fade. The only recommendation I have is that you don’t add anything to the color/developer mix - I think some people use oils but unless it comes with the dye, it will mess with the formula in ways that could leave you with a color that’s not what you expected

Sorry I can’t recommend any products but I did a horrible job of maintaining my natural dyed hair! It faded really quickly and my hair always felt dry"
Feral_Taylor_Fury,ns9x8m,"I have an afro but sometimes i want to wear my hair 'down'. Tips?&&&Please forgive me, I have almost no knowledge about this stuff.

I've only recently started putting product in my hair and it's helped a lot for when I wear my hair 'up', but some days I really want it down.

When it's wet, I can't run oils through my hair with my hands or else it looks really bad. Either way, oil or no, my hair starts to go up as it dries. So, my plan is to get a spray bottle and put some product in it. 

But, I could really use some advice for specific products or techniques. Thank you in advance.

Edit: me https://imgur.com/yGdEBqX&&&Any recommendations for a 4c?"
TinyIsAwesome,ns9x8m,"Have you thought of doing a braid or twist out on damp hair? It could help set it.


Links to very popular natural hair youtubers

[braid out](https://youtu.be/1-lH-SR7Piw)
[twist out](https://youtu.be/dkjM-bNPbN4)
[male braid out on long hair](https://youtu.be/AXtei1GRUig)
[male wash and go on long hair](https://youtu.be/69fRJMx5nCY)"
hanap8127,ns9x8m,I think you’re describing a wash n go. You need a product with hold like a gel.
mamiafro,ns9x8m,"What you want to do, based on what Im reading, is a wash and go. It takes a little bit of gel.   


Maybe a twist out, or a bantu know out would help you to take your hair <down>. Do it on damp hair or dry stretched hair  


I used to stretch my hair with a banding method or doing big braids and then brush it a bit"
FoxEngland,ns8g0c,Upvote Mr Twisted 👍🏻
IAmTwistedT,ns8g0c,2 years in 🤘🏾&&&
PaperTulips,ns8g0c,"Not my life so…🤷🏾‍♀️
But for real, your locs look great!"
raptorclvb,ns8g0c,Looking good!
CalligrapherWeak325,ns67r4,How many times a year do you get braids and for how long?&&&I've only gotten braids once in my life and there was a lot of breakage but I believe it was because I didn't prep my hair and the takedown was harsh(I also didn't moisturize during that time so you can imagine)but I want to try again and was wondering how many times can you get braids yearly and for how long before it stops being a protective style
East_Inspector7856,ns67r4,"When I was younger I used to get them every three months or so because of school. I barely get them now unless i'm going somewhere special (trips, events, college when it goes back in person, etc.)

The shortest amount of time I've heard someone keep their braids in was 2 weeks. With good upkeep, you can keep braids for about ~2 months or so. 

you can get braids however many times you want per year, honey. also, for moisturizing, make sure to oil your scalp when they're installed. Make sure to prep your hair next time; give it a good wash and dry (whether you press it out via hairdryer or hot comb/flat iron or at all is up to you) and put in whatever you put in your hair (such as a leave in conditioner) it helps both you and your braider w the process.

edit: added a bit more"
Yung_Mulann365,ns67r4,"I get boxbraids in my hair a lot because it's a go to style for me. I keep my boxbraids in my hair for either one month or two months, which is how long you should keep them in your hair anyways. Hair breakage from braids is normal because hair sheds everyday so the braids hold on to a lot of shedded hair, and also when you take your braids out your hair it it's sensitive and prone to breakage because your hair hasn't been washed in a while, your hair is somewhat dry, and it has been in the same style for a long time, so just like any protective style, there will be breakage."
gatarley,ns67r4,"I keep them in for 2 months at a time. Wear my natural hair out for a few weeks, then get them rebraided. As long as you wash and detangle in between box braids, you can get them in as many times as you want. I’m in school right now so it makes life easier and my hair has grown so much because of it."
