index,id,comments
MakeupNLaw20,mkajsj,"Have you tried the LOC or LCO method. I find LCO helps me maintain moisture but I still have to moisture at least twice a week and keep in a protective style to keep it well moisturized.

Edit: I too have very fine hair. I found finding the right method made it easier to stumble into products that work for me."
Maniachi,mkajsj,Knowing your porosity would be helpful. Hair porosity is more important than hair texture if you want to get proper advice for maintaining moisture.
Nosey-and-curious,mkajsj,"Trying to find a good cream for my hair to hold in moisture. I tried two African Pride creams (one on each side). I'll see how they do. Anyone have any advice of keeping moisture on 4b fine hair.... its been a struggle&&&&&&Both of the creams I used have shea butter in the top ingredients. In one it was the second ingredient after water and in the other it was the third. Doing way better than an oil would in my hair it looks like. I might need to look into this whipped butter.&&&Lol I don't know what it is anymore... I thought it was high porosity but I get ssks a lot and my ends aren't bad.  My hair dries quickly... idk&&&Hiii there! So grease doesn't really work for my fine stands too well and oils don't seem to seal anything for me... just seems to make my process more difficult *shrugs* oooooor my application is doo doo 

How do you use oils and grease&&&I haven't only because lol I haven't had any good creams to try... but NOW I will try it.  I'll find some good YouTube videos... what's your process like?&&&It seals in moisture for you really well?  (•ิ_•ิ)&&&So lol... I went natural in high school(was a hair product junky), got locs my last year. Combed those out almost two years later (sophomore year of college). Aaaaand became a lazy (meaning too busy to do my hair once a week) natural. I leave my styles in as long as possible. Lately I’ve tried to be consistent with my trimming because I’m prone to SSKs and also because I have no hair goals anymore I guess besides keeping it healthy... well I guess achieving good moisture is my goal but length isn’t anymore for me, so I guess I don’t pay attention to it anymore. I don’t put heat in it unless I’m about to get a trim. I’m all about the natural no slicked down edges life (because it’s not healthy for mine). Oh when I do braids or twists, it’s my hair I don’t add any because it seems to break my edges off. Okay I’m done, so sorry for the essay."
Pinkjelliebeans,mkajsj,"I have fine hair that dries pretty much the moment I step out of the shower. I use the LOC method. The LCO method dried my hair out. My hair prefers heavy products since I have a hard time retaining moisture. I use water, coconut oil, Camille Rose hair honey and Carol’s daughter hair butter in that order. If I put my hair in a bun afterwards, my hair stays wet for several days. I make a spritz with water and hair lotion and spray my hair when it starts to feel dry when wash day is coming up. My hair stays soft and moisturized between washes now."
TizzyE,mkajsj,"Personally, I use butters. I have 4c fine hair which tends to dry out easily. I apply a cream/leave-in to a section of damp hair. Rub the butter of choice between my hands to warm it up then rub on my hair in a praying hands motion. It keeps my hair moisturised and pliable for longer. The key is to be light handed to avoid greasy hair as a little goes a long way.

I generally use shea or mango or cocoa butter. But there are a lot of exotic butters with different levels of heaviness. You can also whip a butter with lighter oils for a creamier consistency. Also Jamaican Castor butter but that's a lot thicker almost like grease."
Wanderlust1101,mkajsj,"You can moisturize with a water based moisturizer or aloe vera juice and seal with oil.

You can also try the L.C. O. method ( liquid or leave in, cream, oil)

If you want suggestions for oils try: Babassau, avocado, grapeseed, pumpkin, argan, abyssian, sweet almond, apricot kernel and/or baobob oils. Natural Oasis makes a nice hair grease that is petroleum free ( if you prefer that)

Some of my fave leave ins and creams are from Camille Rose, Naturelle Grow, and Karen's Body Beautiful. I also love aloe vera juice. If you are in the US, the George's Brand of aloe vera juice doesn't need to be refrigerated.

You need to deep condition with heat regularly  ( purchase a soft bonnet hairdryer and apply a plastic cap when you get under it)  which is even more important. My fave deep conditioners are by Camille Rose, Eden Bodyworks, and Naturelle Grow. I would recommend doing so at least 2-4 times a month depending on the time of year and location.

Where do you live? If the water is hard, it will create issues with your hair, scalp and skin. You would need to get a water softener filter for your shower."
akku179,mkajsj,"African pride is a good choice. Thought you can try African Pride Shea Butter Miracle Moisture Intense Leave-in Conditioner. This might be great help.

[African Pride Shea Butter](https://www.cosmetize.com/product/african-pride-shea-butter-miracle-moisture-intense-leave-in-conditioner/d6726a7a-ae6f-49f7-a1d5-f9bab7f40bab)"
debdowns,mkajsj,"I have fine hair. I use kinky curly knot today. It's really light and doesn't weigh hair down. And I know you said you don't use oils, but if you're ever looking for one, I use grapeseed oil in combo with the kinky curly. It's light so it doesn't weigh my hair down"
jas0094,mkajsj,"Yes, I second this! I learned this a couple months ago and stopped using those things and find my hair is naturally more hydrated when I wash it every week and only use a gel or wrap foam. 
And I have fine very coily hair. ""4c"" for reference but I don't call it that anymore because the guy that made those labels only made they to sell more products and he made horrible comments about how 4c should just be relaxed.
But yeah, try stopping oil and cream and see how your hair feels. It goes through a bit of a detox but I'd say it's worth it. You also save money by buying less products"
junebugg15,mkajsj,30 Day Detox
litenchi,mkajsj,I was going to comment this but probably not as detailed. So to reiterate. Shampoo (twice if necessary to get out oils) and condition once a week then follow with gel for wash and go/finger coil or foam for twists/braids. This made a huge difference for me.
ohemaa18,mkajsj,"If you’re struggling with hydration, I would recommend consistent washing and reducing your use of products that are oil/butter based. Creams don’t add any moisture to your hair, they’re essentially stying products with very light hold.  And using oil/butter based products without clarifying basically waterproofs your hair. Here’s why:

Water is the only thing that can hydrate the hair and water enters the hair strands when we wash our hair. Shampoo opens up the cuticle on the hair strands to let water in and the conditioner closes the cuticle to seal it in. Water will begin evaporating after a couple days, which is normal, so then you wash again after approximately a week to clean and hydrate again. Spritzing water on your hair or using creams through the week will not add that water back in so it won’t add moisture to the hair.

Oils and butters are occlusives that lubricate the hair strands to make the hair feel soft or make them look shiny but they do not help with moisture. A common practice is to use them to “seal in” moisture but it ends up “sealing out” water. Again, water will naturally evaporate after some days regardless of what you put on top of your hair after washing. So when it does, if you used oil or butter based products, you’re left with hair coated with oil. Oil and water do not mix: they repel each other. So having it on the hair when you go to wash prevents the hair from absorbing all the water it should. If you still really like using oils/butters, then you’d want to make sure you’re using a clarifying shampoo more often in order to make sure all the oil is off your hair when you wash it

Sorry for the long comment. The pinned post is a resource list if you’re interested in additional info/ help!"
rolloicecream,mkajsj,Try oils/grease. Creams don’t keep my hair moisturized 4c.
smellzlkebtmn4ever,mkajsj,"I don't have any tips, but i would love to know how you have gotten your hair to its current length. I also have 4b-c fine strands and am struggling."
tenchichic,mkajsj,Curl Power from Lush
thetechdude99,mkajsj,Try aloe gel after spray aloe juice. Straight from the plant
All_naturale22,mk9fuo,I have low porosity 4B/4C hair and when I wash my hair it never soaks up the water no matter how long I’m in. I don’t have product build up I use 2 shampoos one that’s curlmix brand and the other a hard water shampoo and then I deep condition every week but it still doesn’t soak up. I don’t know what else to do. Any suggestions?
Common_Tomato,mk9fuo,Favorite products?
Guilty_Orange_661,mk9fuo,"Girl , You are popping.  Great look"
InteractionInner8374,mk9fuo,I love the color that is so you sis.❤️👍
Jell_read_it,mk9fuo,How do you make sure your hair doesn't get damaged by color
Wanderlusteyes,mk9fuo,"New member ❤️ been natural for a while now and here to answer any questions and give any tips! ❤️&&&&&&Eco styler gel for my wash and go style. 

I wash and condition with Aussie moist. Super cheap yet effective. 

Aunt Jackie deep conditioning mask and leave in conditioner&&&Thank you so much sweet love!! ❤️❤️&&&Try using water-based products. My hair does the same, the water will literally “sit” on top of my hair and it takes a while to actually soak. Water based products such as flaxseed gel, aloe Vera, etc. You will need to seal in the water with a water based product after you are done washing and conditioning. 
When rinsing, try “scrunching” the water as it runs through ur hair

Because are hair is low porosity, the water will penetrate slowly regardless and it’s no way to fix that BUT just make sure to top it off with the water based products to seal in moisture&&&Thank you so much!! 🥴❤️❤️❤️&&&I went to get mines colored professionally but the stylist used Olaplex products after coloring. Game changer!! I thought my texture would change but nope!&&&I deep condition every week.. FAITHFULLY. 
Also, I did my research when picking a stylist...Someone who specialized in natural hair and coloring. The stylist who did it is awesome!"
louietheblondepom,mk9fuo,"I been thinking about coloring once my hair grow a bit longer. Do you experience any loose curl pattern after you done yours? Its what happened last time i had mine colored few years ago, need to make sure wont happen again lol"
Ashtothelight,mk9erx,"Question about cornrow styles.&&&For the summer I'd like to get a cornrow style put in. I haven't had them since I was very little. I'm a little worried about them causing hair loss. I love, and I can't stress this enough, I LOVE my hair. I'll do whatever I need to to keep it healthy and growing and keep my curl pattern in, but this summer I want to be able to go longboarding, bike riding and in the sun without worrying about it breaking or drying out too much. Is there anything I should know, or any firsthand experience someone can lend me for how to get them done safely without hurting my hairline?

Your contributions are greatly appreciated.&&&You have no idea how reassuring this is."
Wanderlusteyes,mk9erx,"You can leave some of ur edges out. But overall, just make sure it’s not too tight. Protective styles actually will help your hair grow. Just keep your scalp moisturized"
sophiia2930,mk9erx,"I also plan on getting cornrows put in for as a protective style, it’s important to make sure the person doesn’t do it too tight and also how you look after it - I make my own hair/scalp butter that I love using when I have a protective style in. I also love using ‘cantu tea tree & jojoba hair and scalp oil’ and also ‘olive oil exotic scalp oil infused with Babassu oil for intensive moisture’. 

I also find that spraying my scalp with water before adding any of the oil also helps."
girl-w-glasses,mk80bn,What’s your hair type??
hanap8127,mk80bn,Apply gel on soaking wet hair. The more water the better.
malazan-soldier,mk80bn,Help with hair&&&Well I'm not sure what the issue is but for some reason my hair is always extremely frizzy with no definition to it it always looks super frizzy even when I condition it or use gel however whenever I put shampoo in my hair it looks amazing like no lie each curl is clumped and perfect all that definition is lost when I wash the shampoo out though so is there a reason for this? And is it possible to keep that definition after washing out the shampoo?&&&Based off of looking at pics online I'd guess its 4a-4b
audrebored,mk19o7,you can use this site to find a curl specialist in your area [https://www.devacurl.com/finder](https://www.devacurl.com/finder)
hanap8127,mk19o7,I did a virtual consult with https://thecusecurlfriend.com/
miaemo,mk19o7,Her Growing Hands Salon specializes in natural hair and gives tips on how to care for it. I plan on going there myself in a few months for a trim.
ohemaa18,mk19o7,A few stylists with open consultations are listed [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/Naturalhair/comments/kpue3h/need_hair_help_heres_a_resource_list/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf). There’s also a curl stylist directory at Black Curl Magic.com (also linked in post) that could help
tyharper123,mk19o7,"Where can I go to get an in-person hair consultation?&&&Pictures of my hair here: http://imgur.com/a/GfSliZV

I'm a 23-year old biraical man living in the Dallas-Forth Worth area of Texas. I'm new to my natural hair journey and only know very basic things about my hair:

1) Almost certainly high porosity, my hair struggles at maintaining moisture and gets dry very fast. 
2) My hair is curly and probably 4a or 4b. 
3) My hair is relatively thin but highly dense on my scalp. 
4) My hair is softer and easier to morph than most other black people; however, it still tangles very easily. I have a lot of single strand knots and broken ends. 
5) My hair is not course enough to maintain protective hairstyles for long; most only last 2-3 weeks for me before becoming undone. 
6) My hair is so soft that it can only withstand sprays without being weighed down into itself. This means my hair is limited in the products it can take when it's weighed down. 

These are the basics but I still need a consultation, any advice on places I can go?"
EEOA,mjsmzh,"If you’re going to go that light do it professionally. But it will be expensive because you have to make multiple trips. Some stylists will promise you can go blonde in one day (and you can) but it’s too much processing at once and your hair will for sure suffer. 

Make sure to use olaplex 3 afterwards to repair bonds and get some good protein products cause you will need them. Your porosity will be much higher so you will have to invest in thicker products. You will also have to wash/ moisturise your hair far more frequently. I’ve known blonde naturals to have to moisturise daily to keep their hair from breaking. If you take it slowly (with processing) & you’re happy to go through all this extra haircare work then I don’t see the issue"
SandyGreensRd,mjsmzh,This isn't a home dye job. Go to get it professionally done.
Tamibear1,mjsmzh,My advice: Don’t do it!
Wanderlust1101,mjsmzh,"Go to a professional. Use Olaplex 3 and deep condition regularly. Once a month switch out the Olaplex for a reconstructor (like Joico K Pak) or hydrolyzed protein treatment followed by deep conditioner (absolutely no yogurt, mayo, or other homemade foolishness)."
julys-child,mjsmzh,"I want to colour my hair! Need advice&&&I want to go pastel pink or rose gold pink. 

For reference, I have 4b, low porosity hair. I had some major split ends until I trimmed about 2 inches off of it a couple weeks ago. I've always been natural and the only heat applied to it was from a blow dryer. This would be the first chemical job to my lil fro. 

I've thought about it for almost two years now and decided that I really want a change. I also considered just shaving it all off because its can get difficult to maintain in the country I'm currently living in (harsh weather conditions, difficulty sourcing natural hair brands in stores etc.)

Any advice it terms of preparation, time period, finding a professional and maintenance would be appreciated!&&&Oh? Why not?"
MissD34,mjryjh,"Maybe people haven’t heard of the Donna Brush...and there’s nothing wrong with that...🤷🏾‍♀️ Since you made this lovely post, perhaps more people will now know about it."
httpantwon,mjryjh,"It kills me how people always talk about the Denman brush but acts like the Donna brush doesn’t exist, which does the exact same thing as the Denman brush&&&"
MissD34,mjnv6o,Why get a silk press if you want Marley Twists? Those are two different hairstyles... unless you were trying to blow out your hair to make it easier to braid/twist?
trynabe12,mjnv6o,"Silk press and Marley twists&&&Hey all, 

I was told by a stylist that within a few days to a week , if I wanted to , I could put Marley twists in my hair after getting a silk press...  that doesn’t sound right. Wouldn’t that be too much on my hair in a span of a week??? I dont want damage my hair and cause breakage - obviously. 


I feel like she only said I could because she is trying to build her portfolio. She knows if she tells me no it’s not okay then I won’t get it done. I’ve been natural for 3 years no heat whatsoever . I have my hair past my shoulders now . I don’t want to have to beat her ass.&&&Does it matter?"
Alone_Jellyfish_7968,mjmqpq,It *really* *does* suit you.
AngryFatConfession,mjmqpq,you look so happy- that made me really happy. You look amazing queen <3
EthernetElle,mjmqpq,"Yesssss, let that breeze run through ya scalppp Sis!"
FluffyThanks9938,mjmqpq,So cute!!
Glittering-Touch-985,mjmqpq, you look gorgeous
KujiWoo,mjmqpq,Absolutely gorgeous
LavenderScented_Gold,mjmqpq,Looks great on you. Enjoy the freedom.
PlasticRaspberry4,mjmqpq,Love that for you
RogueAssociate,mjmqpq,Super cute!! 😍
StarshineRain,mjmqpq,You look great and so happy too!
Throwaway_gurly,mjmqpq,So I shaved it... and I’m so surprised by how well it suits me. I think I’m gonna keep this hairstyle for a while!&&&
Wanderlust1101,mjmqpq,🥰 You look beautiful!
Wanderlusteyes,mjmqpq,So cute!
blurrbllur,mjmqpq,Looks great! :)
bpdprincess_,mjmqpq,you look gorgeous 🥰
cowboybebimbop,mjmqpq,you look beautiful!!
dranonloner,mjmqpq,So cute!
gorgeousgab,mjmqpq,"Yeah, you look great!"
impartialmuse,mjmqpq,The confidence is immaculate 😎✌️🏽💁🏽‍♀️
starrgazin,mjmqpq,Why are you surprised?  You are beautiful!  Your hair doesn’t make you beautiful - you ARE beautiful ❤️😍
AngryFatConfession,mjkj8y,"OKAY PURRR YOU DOIN YOUR THANG OR WHATEVA SIS, us black men need some more black queens out here. What are the difference in sister locs and typical locks? Love your nose by the way, it's really pretty"
Crashingshores,mjkj8y,They look lovely! How long did they take to complete
Devihair,mjkj8y,"I decided to get Sisterlocks and it’s been the best week ever!!!!!&&&&&&My install took 22 hours.&&&It took 22 hours, but it wasn’t bad. It’s nothing like getting braids so it’s easier.&&&Thanks&&&Size and technique."
Fabulousness13,mjkj8y,"Beautiful.  But, the installation time stops me every time...uugghhhh lol"
MoonlightGelly,mjkj8y,"New hair, who dis? 🖤😍"
albsito,mjkj8y,you look great!!
wrknprogress2020,mjkj8y,Yay!!! Welcome to to loc community!!
xi545,mjkj8y,Takes about 2 days to install.
CrazyCrazyKittyLady,mjgu1y,You are so adorable! Your posts always make me smile 😊
IIIThreat,mjgu1y,"10 minutes to style...and now, we wait. This reminds me of my Navy days: “hurry up, and wait.” 🥲&&&&&&Thank you!&&&🤪🤪"
Lelemcgeegee,mjgu1y,That's right Shipmate! Hurry up and wait! Thanks for the smile.
Alohadorable,mja5bd,You are so pretty!
Ashtothelight,mja5bd,Looks like you've been taking care of it.
Buttercream_Brat,mja5bd,I love seeing natural hair in all it's healthy glory!!!
EthernetElle,mja5bd,Heavy on the trying to make your hair so what it doesn’t!! Smh it’s the misinformation and “tutorials” 😭
IIIThreat,mja5bd,"Absolutely gorgeous! So structured, and defined!"
Lacasadelmango,mja5bd,Looks so nice and moisturized! What did you use?
MeetTheBrewers,mja5bd,"Wash and gos on 4c hair is everything! I hated them before I actually gave them a fair chance, and now I’m not looking back. 💕&&&&&&Thank you!! 💕It’s not really a foundation. It’s a actually a skin tint, and I’m wearing cream blush it’s called Haze. Both are from Glossier. 😊"
PixieQuirks,mja5bd,"Great motivation! I actually am trying to do more wash and go's but I'm still a little intimidated to let my hair do its thing. And yet, when I try to tame it, I look ragamuffin-ish"
dream_ily,mja5bd,beautiful!
dwhite_07017,mja5bd,Your hair looks great.  I do wash and go too.  It has taken time for my eye to get used to seeing my hair like this.  But now I love it.  It took over fifty years for me to go natural.  I refuse to waste any more time trying to make my hair do what it doesn't want to do. Embrace your beauty!
marukawastaff,mja5bd,Your skin is gorgeous. Are you wearing foundation or blush here? If so which ones?
