index,id,comments
AllThingsMin,r4n592,Afro to Bald - CUT 'n SHAVE - Complete TRANSFORMATION&&&
894peridot,r4ke82,Pine tar helped me when my hairline experienced extreme breakage.
Brybry321,r4ke82,Look up oils that work with your hair porosity and include rosemary oil in the mix!
Disastrous_Flower667,r4ke82,I put rogaine on my edges and they grew back fine. It took 2 months so there’s a chance that the rogaine did nothing and that was just my edges coming back on their own but that’s still my go to treatment.
KEnyinna,r4ke82,"No more braids, cornrows, or ponytails. Spray your edges with water daily and apply Jamaican Black Castor Oil and gently massage for 5 mins. If your hair doesn't grow back within 6 months then go see your nearest dermatologist for topical medications."
LavenderScented_Gold,r4ke82,"Just don’t put any weight on the weak hairs of yours edges. Let them be and handle them gently, they will grow."
PrairieJack,r4ke82,This is the easiest route. OP's thinning is mostly likely due to styling.
RudeDrummer8847,r4ke82,My edges are snatched and it’s made my hair line a bit uneven. Any tips on how to grow them back? I’m afraid they might be damaged beyond repair.&&&&&&Thank you I will try it!!
ShiroFe,r4ke82,"I think mine is already damaged, don't know what to do about it."
SuitableImage5548,r4ke82,"Moisturizing and sealing in that moisture is the best thing you can do. Also, less manipulation if possible (no high ponytails, no high buns, no high hair-pulling hairstyle or any kind…tbh)

I think everyone above this comment pretty much solved the problem for you, but I personally am dealing with this same problem at the moment, so I just shared was has been working for me.

I moisturize by using aloe Vera juice every few days, and seal that moisture with some type of oil and then butter. I follow the LOC method but many people follow other variations like the LCO or LOCG method, etc.

TL;DR: I am going thru this same problem. I find moisturizing hairline with aloe Vera juice and then sealing with an oil, and a butter, is helping to keep the area less likely to have breakage as well as doing low manipulation or no manipulation styles."
afrocentrica,r4ke82,"the same thing happened to me. once when my sister was doing my hair and once when i was burning my faux locs- i burned off a section of my edges. 

i would clean the area whenever i washed my hair very gently, then put a good amount of light growth serums and i would cover my edges with a satin band/bandana 90% of the time. 
every morning before i put the covering over it i would mist my edges with non hard water. just let the tap water sit out for a full day so it’s safe to use on your hair 

it worked like magic.
 i trimmed the rest of my edges too. now i regularly trim my edges because they get too long to swoop"
chakra_kitty,r4ke82,My edges got snatched too cause of some braids that were not even tight… I grew them back a little with Jamaican black castor oil every other day and no braids or puffs for a while … or at least try to not do them as much. Lightly massaging the hairline 3x weekly. I also use Camille Rose naturals COCOA NIBS & HONEY - ULTIMATE GROWTH SERUM
lostundeadgreensea,r4ke82,"I have issues with pulling out the hair in the front of my head when I'm stressed. It grows back if I leave it alone. I see people are saying to put stuff on it, but try giving it some time to grow the hair back without messing with it"
rhymeswithaida,r4ke82,Massage Jamaican black castor oil with a little peppermint oil mixed in a few times a week. It'll help significantly.
TaylorynGreyJoy,r4hk48,You are amazing..Locs and all. Wow.. squat queen!🔥🔥🔥
Throwaway818389292,r4hk48,"Had Locs pretty much all my life, they are down to my butt 😂.&&&"
EloquentElixir,r4gclr,I personally like the Camille rose line
Spiritual-Nature-459,r4gclr,"“4C” is a very generic term and Black/African people’s hair cannot be simplified like that, okay you are 4C you can use x brand. 

Everyone’s hair is different.  For example I am in the 4C family but no Shea Moisture products agree with my hair. 

The good thing is that there are so many product lines available for Black natural hair. Its a try it and see process. 

Some naturals are really focus on ingredients in hair care products, I am not and happily use the Pantene Gold line. 

Target, Ulta, Sephora, Sally’s Beauty Supply and local drugstores all carry products. 

I would recommend trying
1)Just As I Am
2)Mielle Organics
3) Pattern
4)Carol’s Daughter"
atkzoe,r4gclr,What shampoo and conditioner would be good for my 4c men's hair?? A lot of people recommend shea&&&
bellajojo,r4gclr,Look up melanin haircare
puzzlt,r4gclr,I like tgin and or design essentials
9shycat,r4e3tu,"Ooo thanks for that info,I didn’t know porosity changes. how & what changes it ?"
Daillestandrealist,r4e3tu,"YouTubers for High Porosity 3c/4a hair&&&Hey everyone, does anyone have recommendations for youtubers with high porosity 3c/4a hair? I personally enjoy NaturalReign’s older videos but I want to watch someone with their hair length closer to where I’m currently at. (her hair length is goals).&&&I like jonell sequiera as well, I’ll have to check and see if she has new content"
Serious_Scarcity_886,r4e3tu,Hmmm maybe jonell sequeira? She’s 4a4b but from my knowledge natural reign is also 4a4b. Also keep in mind that porosity changes.
laferrari2020,r49ib2,"Hair Growth Questions&&&Hey Everyone!  


I hope everyone had a good Thanksgiving! I am starting to grow my hair out for the first time -- I've always had buzz cuts. I have some pictures in this link [https://shamarsimmons.smugmug.com/My-Homepage-Slideshow/n-KmSsjs/](https://shamarsimmons.smugmug.com/My-Homepage-Slideshow/n-KmSsjs/) from when I was baby to current. Please let me know what you think my hair curl pattern is, as well as the texture. I was thinking I was thinking I am 3c in the back, sides and the crown of my head. I believe I am 4a near my hair. Please let me know what you think.  Also, any recommended products would also be greatly appreciated.&&&Thank you!! I was thinking my hair is a 3c/4a. Why do think it is possibly a 3b?"
yendyslaig,r49ib2,"It’s only hard to tell the curl pattern because of the length. In a few months it’ll be more clear as your hair gets thicker and grows into its shape but I’d say right now anywhere from 3B/3C/4A. For general care and maintenance, a clarifying shampoo and conditioner will work wonders. As I Am is a great brand to start with and they sell it at Target, Walmart, and Walgreens too. You can use hair tools likes bristle brushes or oils to help spread the moisture and aid in hair growth. The best advice right now while your hair is still growing is keep it simple. Don’t overthink your hair routine just focus on using the proper products and drinking lots of water and eating as healthy as you can. Also, invest in a silk or satin bonnet to sleep in! Your hair already looks healthy so I’m sure it’ll grow with proper TLC. Good luck!🥰"
Character-Middle-519,r43qwo,Onlyfans.com/mikel0563&&&
Any-Fox-9615,r3x86c, Omg ur so cute!!!
Blurryface1103,r3x86c,This is so out of pocket but you are ✨adorable ✨
DoctorAvacado,r3x86c,Shave plus Wash Day&&&
FictionalDudeWanted,r3x86c,"Your face is the first thing I saw when I logged on, sippin my morning coffee.  You are absolutely adorable : )  Thanx for putting a smile on my face this Sunday morning.  I put Madea on the tv to help with my mood and here you come, making it ten times better.  

Happy Sunday : )"
No_Wear_4051,r3x86c,Nice hair would love to see how your face looks if you let the beard and stache grow out
Victorymansions,r3x86c,Your hair looks great in both! You look like a Disney character!
annashummingbird,r3x86c,Looks great both ways! Nice to be able to switch it up!
christinasays,r3x86c,Omg in the second pic you look just like my little brother but with hair! Love the look!
jacoma89,r3x86c,"Dude, I'm SO jealous of your hair. It looks amazing. I'm of mixed descent and feel like I got the worst of both worlds lol. It's mostly just insanely dry and all over the place with no real texture or shape. I'd kill for your awesome curly fro!"
pearbear22,r3x86c,"I have a two year old with the same hair, I can only hope I can teach him to take care it so it’s as gorgeous as yours. Right now it’s like a wrestling match to do anything with his hair."
popcornnhero,r3x86c,"Wow, its funny how a shave can change your face just a little but so much. 

Also, nice hair!"
Appropriate_Humor598,r3t4tr,no
Candy__Harlot,r3t4tr,"Olive oil is great on skin, nails, hair and scalp. You shouldn't use too much on the hair or it could be weighed down, but just a little on the scalp and towards the ends of your hair for softness. Don't use any old olive oil, make sure it is 'Extra Virgin'."
HBisfree,r3t4tr,Just get a good pure extra virgin olive oil. Don’t buy those “olive oil” products made for hair that are so popular.
Joshua_PW,r3t4tr,Vouch. Mom used to do this to her hair and mine.
Miriam-Esi,r3t4tr,It may be comedogenic so I would do research into that
Pryncess121,r3t4tr,Tea tree and peppermint oil are the best for dry flaky scalp.
StonedKitten-420,r3t4tr,"Trial and error. Just test and see how your hair reacts. And uh, I lather my skin in sunflower or avocado oil daily, so…haha! Also, just think how much PETROLEUM you’ve probably put in your hair. If you can put that in your hair, you can dibble & dabble with some “food oils.”"
XasiakittyX,r3t4tr,dont put food products in your hair. Use products formulated for hair instead. Food products can actually cause more harm than good.
ZauhBuggati,r3t4tr,"Olive Oil isn’t just for food. It is universal and can be used for almost everything. You can use olive, coconut, grapeseed, almond, avocado oil... the list goes on."
blue-eyed-cat,r3t4tr,A little bit goes a long way. Once when I was a teen I drenched my hair in olive oil. It took several washes to come all out and I looked crazy for a few days.
chakra_kitty,r3t4tr,Tea tree oil is perfect for dandruff. Maybe mix it with olive oil. Olive oil alone might actually make it worse. But it’s great if you don’t have dandruff.
crimsonros3,r3t4tr,Idk if this is proven. But I noticed rubbing aloe Vera on my head helps with dry scalp. But you leave it on for a bit and then wash it out
jammysue,r3t4tr,"Olive oil, like coconut oil, is multipurpose."
ohemaa18,r3t4tr,"Raw oil and food products shouldn’t be used on the hair. Molecules of food are too large to penetrate the hair shaft so you wouldn’t be receiving the benefits of, for instance, an avocado if you used it as a mask. Unless it’s inside of a product formulated for hair, it’s most likely going to just sit on top of your hair. If you really want to use an oil, use oils that have been formulated for the hair and be sure you’re clarifying more often to thoroughly remove the oil. If not, it will stay coated on your hair and because oil repels water, your hair won’t receive as much water as it needs when you wash it, making it dehydrated. 

For dryness and flakes, you should make sure you’re washing your hair with shampoo and conditioner consistently (at least once a week, sometimes more). Use a clarifying shampoo about once a month to remove buildup. If you have dandruff (which is not just buildup, it’s a condition), that should be treated with a medicated shampoo recommended by a dermatologist."
spyplotting,r3t4tr,Does nothing but sit on top of my hair and makes my hair feels heavy for me
throwrayy333,r3t4tr,Olive Oil for hair?&&&I read online that using olive oil helps dandruff and dryness but I’ve always been iffy about putting food products on my hair. Any insight about this?&&&I remember my grandma used to put stuff like mayonnaise and beer on her hair lol
InevitableRaccoon801,r3rjda,What are the best products for natural hair in a dry country like the UK&&&
Jessamy25,r3r71v,Top 10 best afro hairstyles&&&
ChocolateNapqueen,r3r58s,"I’ve been using a deep conditioner overnight before I shampoo and it has changed my life. 
I love the TGIN honey miracle mask. 

Also I have 4c hair and this allows for a tangle free wash."
EyeGap,r3r58s,"Using a decent conditioner before shampoo has changed my hair for the better.&&&So, I is used to just detangle my hair then shampoo, I would spend a toooon of time getting out knots and fighting with my ends. I felt like I was actually stopping my hair growth from all of the breakage. I have started using a decent conditioner in my hair mixed with olive oil before shampoo ( tresseme keratin smooth, carol’s daughter etc) now my hair de-tangles with ease and feels sooo good after shampooing. 

I’ve even noticed some brands adding “ pre shampoo mask” to their line. 

Do you all have any pre shampoo tips you want to share?"
KingCoye1,r3r58s,I have 4c hair and products from tgin line has really been good
Sheliwaili,r3r58s,"I used a cheaper conditioner with slip (like cantu or suave) and I add grapeseed oil to it, heat, apply, and sit with a cap on for 30mins-1hr. Then I detangle & wash in sections. I use a conditioner and then deep condition with a mask.  This is on a wash day…"
flirtandflutter,r3r58s,"Yes the pre-poo makes a huge difference. I try to do a deep treatment if I have time, if I'm in a rush I at least oil my hair (olive oil usually, sometimes argan) before jumping in the shower. I also only detangle with conditioner or deep treatment, never dry or with shampoo."
high_waisted_pants,r3r58s,"First I let coconut oil soak for an hour or so, then optionally once a week I make a scalp scrub. Then I shampoo and/or cowash, and only after the shampoo is out and a shitload of regular conditioner is in do I finally detangle

Although keep in mind my curl pattern is very much on the looser side, so if you have super kinky hair this might not be the best way for you"
joiejojojo,r3r58s,I don't do a pre-poo step anymore. I detangle only during the conditioning step (after shampoo)
shinydolleyes,r3r58s,"I only pre-poo if there's extreme tangling that would be made worse by being wet in the shower.  When I do, I lightly dampen my hair, apply a conditioner with slip, and then do a basic finger detangle.  Once I finger detangle, then I switch to a tool, usually my Tangle Teezer."
zeyna92,r3r58s,I detangle with an inexpensive conditioner or I’ll blend an aloe vera leaf with a little bit of water and use that to detangle before shampooing.
micahelise,r3r1zo,mielle&&&i want to buy mielle’s oat & honey collection during their sale but i’ve never used it before. has anyone tried it & did you like it? :)
trinilena1,r3r1zo,It not very effective with my type 4 hair.
ACastlefortheKey,r3kf4t,"People don’t want me to shave my head, but I’m tired&&&I feel bad complaining about something like this, but I needed to rant real quick.

I’ve always had fairly long, very thick,4C hair. I’m proud of it, but I’ll admit I’ve been pretty lazy about the whole upkeep.

My mother did a wonderful job teaching me how beautiful and versatile natural hair is. She always did my hair, and I never took the initiative to learn how to do it myself until I went to boarding school. The first year I managed to use all the most drying shampoos (suave and two-n-ones), excessive oil, and nearly pulled out a bald spot in the back of my large head with a blow dryer. Now that it’s been 10 years and I’ve learned a lot. Barely used any heat, tried new protective styles, basic LOC method. I’m proud of my progress.

But yall I’m burnt tf out.

Protective styles are so pretty, yet I hate dropping damn near 250 dollars to get it fixed. I hate spending 4-6 hours every few weeks on wash day. I have to moisturize her everyday because it gets so dry so quick. Now it gets tangled and matted and dry because I’m so worn out by it, it’s always an ordeal. There is progress, but it’s been very slow for this reason. It’s long w very split ends, dry, still pretty damaged in the back of my head.  

I want to shave the whole damn thing. Damn near a buzzcut. But everyone, friends, stylists,and even my mother, tells me not to. My mom still treats my hair like her biggest pride and joy, even though I’m 25. She still wants to do it herself most of the time, but I’m not interested in protective styles or braids. I still have damage in the back of my head from 10 years ago, why shouldn’t I just shave it?

I’ll always need to work on my hair no matter what length, I understand. But I just needed to let off some steam before I go wash my hair today 😞.&&&I thought about an undercut for the longest time! Like shaving the whole head, I was never sure if I could pull off that look. Try new things I guess? Thanks for sharing!&&&Thank you so much! I appreciate the kind word and that advice from your previous comment. 🥰&&&Thank you, and you’re 💯correct. In the middle of moving out right now, so maybe some actual physical boundaries might change my feelings about the whole thing. I’ll be really excited when I want to experiment with my own hair by my own rules. Thanks!"
AffectionateAnarchy,r3kf4t,"Shave it! Everyone should go bald at least once in life. Wait til the summer lol and if you wanna go skin bald my recommendation is the Gillette Fusion 5 razor for sensitive skin. Wet your head with warm water then slather it with coconut oil and massage it in, then shave out from the crown. I fucked around and shaved from the hairline with shampoo and has razor burn for two weeks the first time lmao"
DotHOHM,r3kf4t,"Since you have that damage, curting it all off might be the best thing for your hair anyway. 

I always say lob it off if you have damage close to the scalp or along the length of your hair. All styles just look and feel better without it. 

It's ok to do you no matter what anyone else says. It's ok to start over. You might even come back better than ever. Or just embrace your new look indefinitely. You need a reset?

I here by give you permission to take that break in the face of all that noise. They can get over it/grow their own hair if they want it so damn much."
EddaValkyrie,r3kf4t,"Same! I went to university and did my own hair care for the first time since I always had a braider and that was tiring. I wanted to shave it all off by February, but now my mom has suddenly gotten all into making sure my natural hair looks nice even though I always just did braids before."
EverythingIsSalad,r3kf4t,"I chopped my hair after high school because I was tokenized for it and I was tired of that pressure. Everyone else thought it was theirs, or looked at me and saw my hair. That haircut was a huge relief and incredibly self affirming. Your hair is yours! Do what your heart wants."
Far-Ad8785,r3kf4t,Your hair sounds awesome. But also it’s just hair. I have ultra fine 3c/4a hair which is always tangled and always has single strand knots. I was natural for many years and many people commented on how much they loved my hair. But I hated it. It was always a struggle and I didn’t enjoy caring for it or how it looked. Recently I was diagnosed with a difficult medical condition that made hair care impossible. So I relaxed it. People still make comments about missing my curls but i ignore them. This works for me. Do what works for you. Lots of women have really short hair and it looks amazing. I hope you are able to do what you want.
Latii_LT,r3kf4t,"I think it’s always a learning experience to cut your hair at least once in your life especially when you go through different life stages. I had ridiculously long hair all my life. Until I was nineteen I kept at minimum past my bra strap straight and all the way past my butt at its longest. 

When I turned nineteen I decided after five years of relaxing my hair I wanted to go natural again. Everyone was against it because it was my identifier to them. I cut it into a tiny pixie, and although almost ten years later I have very long hair again I don’t regret it all. It was an amazing learning experience and experimental phase for me to go through and it helped me learn so much about my hair, what it means to me and how I wanted to keep it going forward. I was lucky enough to be apart of an amazing black hair community that was a sister organization of BSU in college. That organization definitely taught me that hair means so many different things to everyone else. For some it’s their whole life, their identity, their heritage, for some people it’s an extension of their personality or something as simple as an enhancer of their personal style. 

I say take the dive, don’t let other people dictate the what’s and why’s of your autonomy. You live one life,
make decisions you want to make. If you don’t like it, while it may take time it does grow back."
Nosey-and-curious,r3kf4t,Not gonna hold you wash day used to kill me.  I considered cutting my hair off every time I took out my braids. But I tried the no raw oils/butters and trimmed my ends and im just saying lol my hair seems to retain moisture better because my stands are not blocked (water evaporates eventually of course but oil is sealing in the dryness) and I've begun to figure out my hair after trying different regimes. I get trims now every 8-10 weeks and that definitely helps. Totally go for it if you want but try other regimens and see if they help. Heck I look forward to wash day. Cut it down from 6 hrs to about  2-3 and hopefully I'll continue to cut down on my time.
Scream_Pueen,r3kf4t,I say do it if you want to.  It’s your life and you have to do what’s good for you.
StonedKitten-420,r3kf4t,"Honestly, you ARE an adult. You can decide to do whatever you please! I relate because my mother had locked my hair at a very young age. It grew long and it was decent, but throughout high school and early college, I always yearned to experience different styles, colors and the process to care for it. When I thought about it, I could always hear my mother’s voice telling me that I wouldn’t know what to do and the struggles she experienced with her loose “nappy” hair. It was like I was trained to accept my natural locs but despise my natural, loose hair. I finally just said “fuck it” and took out my locs. I’ve had my natural loose hair for a while and it’s constantly a learning process, but I’m glad I did it. I’ve gone crazy and have tried so many different things from green/blue yarn braids to au’ natural fro all summer, not giving a damn about the texture.  I didn’t get to experience it as a kid, so I do whatever the fuck I want as an adult! DO YOU BOO! We will never get this time back to do what WE WANT."
jojo571,r3kf4t,"You are allowed to do whatever you want with your hair.  Be you, do you.  No explanation needed.  If you want to wear wigs, weaves, extensions or be bald and get head tattoos you are allowed!  All support to you."
justfloating_,r3kf4t,"Hey I’m sorry that you’re feeling this way. Just want to say if you want to cut your hair off do it. I had everyone telling me the same thing when I wanted to but I did it anyway because it’s mine and no one else should control that. So if you feel it’s what you need right now do it. I felt so free and really happy I did it. I am growing my hair again but routine is totally different and simple so I enjoy it. 


If you do want to keep your hair, I left this [comment ](https://www.reddit.com/r/Naturalhair/comments/qs5fee/im_tired_of_my_hair/hkb89gs/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf&context=3) on some one else post that had the same feelings as you. Its advice for if you want to keep your hair but want to reduce the maintenance and time it takes. I would have found it helpful to have this knowledge at the time but also don’t regret and very happy that I cut it in the end."
oncheedoe007,r3kf4t,"I had similar issues, but instead of shaving everything off, I did an undercut and it was such a relief. It made my hair more manageable and cut the time in half."
redd-em,r3kf4t,"Do it. My ex begged me not to. My current partner supported me. So much less work. So much cheaper. Always trendy. 
I had my nan, mum and entire family nearly in tears but it’s my body. So gross how people control. Do you!"
sethelives,r3kf4t,Shave it! Play India arie in the background
Livibumblebee,r3hxgs,"Yep, about as soon as the furnace turned on - it’s all that dry, hot air. Just handfuls of hair :( But I got some olaplex (no. 3, shampoo, + conditioner) and used olive oil overnight and for the last two washes there’s been barely any shedding!"
Mrs_Wonho,r3hxgs,"Is anyone getting more shedding now that is winter?&&&FYI I live in a super cold and rainy country

F/35&&&Thanks for answering. I forgot how well my hair reacts to an olive oil pre-poo, will restart again. Will check out also olaplex mainly only heard good things from it"
Puzzleheaded_Zone224,r3fnou,"Hi everyone, I am new and dont even understand how this platform works but I am ready to learn. Besides, This hair style really gave my mood an uplift, I loved it and decided to share.&&&"
TammyFacey,r3ewxf,"OVERR hating SHRINKAGE <<< I LOVE it now!&&&For the LONGEST time I hated shrinkage, absolutely detested, it. After after wash and even refresh days I would stretch my hair with hair bands either during the day or overnight. It was so, SO rare that I would leave my curls to soak up product, and then just leave it. 

&#x200B;

But these days, I'm over stretching out my curls, when they've soaked up the leave-in conditioner my curls just look lovely and hydrated and nourished.

&#x200B;

It's been a journey, but I'm really, really happy with my hair now.

&#x200B;

Products used: Jim + Henry leave-in conditioner Ten pro< hydrates like nothing else!!!"
