index,id,comments
Blaque-Cat,qp3qhn,"Wash n go’s are a great low maintenance style that help encourage the health of your hair when done properly and consistently. Washing and styling technique matter most, then products. Do not choose products based on your “curl pattern” or porosity. Many people misjudge buildup for low porosity hair, think dehydrated hair with no present damage is high porosity, and equate tighter curls with dryness. Getting your ends trimmed once a season at minimum is also important for general hair health, length retention, and reduction of knots/tangling. 

Product selection comes from your goals, desires, lifestyle, climate, and ingredients. Technique is paramount because without good technique, no product will do what it’s supposed to. Shampooing and conditioning, then styling once per week on soaking wet hair with gel or mousse is the best way to do wash n go’s and is best hair care for most people with curls that like to wear them out. Trying to do a wash n go on old, dry, or damp hair will lead to frizz, low definition, low hold (style won’t last), and tangles because the hair is trying to shrink back up. Soaking wet hair is best for wash n go’s because that is when curls pop the most, have the most weight (if you’re looking to avoid shrinkage), and hold the most water. Applying botanical gels on top locks the water in, and the humectants in the gels help draw moisture back into your hair throughout the week. To maintain your hair through the week, just wear a bonnet/head wrap/satin pillowcase/polyester buff at night and shake/fluff in the morning. 

I started doing wash n go’s exclusively when I learned of Black Girl Curls’ 30 Day Hair Detox. It helped me reset my mind and hair for a healthy hair journey and a new path to hydration. I will be a head into this journey in January and my hair has definitely flourished. I still have work to do but my hair is in a much better state. Send me a dm for more details, I don’t have the energy to type it all here lol. I can send you some links, resources, and videos to help you get started."
Fiorak,qp3qhn,"Hair is fully detangled for the first time. Now I need to wash it, but unsure how to best proceed.&&&So I got a blowout recently because I thought I was going to a wedding. The stylist, which I had a one on one appointment with, spent an hour or so detangling my hair section by section. Now it is completely detangled (twisted it up recently, because I need to wash it soon) and I want to make sure I can keep it that way in the future, especially since I've recently gotten a brush that is really great at getting to my roots. 

&#x200B;

Generally, I wear twist outs. However, I'm kind of tired of twist outs. I really just want to do simple wash and gos (shampoo, deep condition/detangle, leave in and gel) but I'm worried about single strand knots and tangles. My hair tangles easily but I know that ssk's are basically impossible to avoid. Just wondering if I should continue to exclusively do twist outs or phase wash and gos back into my routine? I was also thinking about getting a hooded drier and stopping air drying but I don't really have anywhere to store it. I've tried those soft bonnet driers but it's not big enough for my hair.

My hair is 3c-4a and almost should length when shrunken up, if that helps.&&&Wow thank you so much for all of the information, I really appreciate it! I'll definitely DM you with some more follow up questions :)"
Wowzaitstorii,qp3qhn,I usually section my hair i (about 6) with hair ties. Then when im washing I take them about one by one. eventually my hair does start to get tangled either way though but sectioning does help a little.
exuberantsociety,qp3luk,"Can Anyone Help Me?&&&My hair is now ear length (mid neck when stretched), it used to be collarbone length (down to top of bra when stretched). I tried trimming, I even went back to washing and moisturizing my hair and it just get breaking off. My hair feels dry on the strands near the scalp, oily on the shaft, and dry on its ends. Can anyone help me revive my hair?&&&Here: [https://www.reddit.com/r/Naturalhair/comments/qaeh9m/comment/hh2hkci/?utm\_source=share&utm\_medium=web2x&context=3](https://www.reddit.com/r/Naturalhair/comments/qaeh9m/comment/hh2hkci/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=web2x&context=3)&&&Shea Moisture JBCO + Coconut and Hibiscus Shampoo and Conditioner, Treseme (which most likely caused my damage) Shampoo and Conditioner, Aussie Moist Shampoo and Conditioner, African Pride Conditioner, L'oreal Damage Erase Balm (just started using it havent seen any negative effects), and my conditioner and water mixture"
hypnouattica,qp3luk,Need more details on how you take care of your hair
justfloating_,qp3luk,What’s the exact products you use now ?
Angelinapatina,qp3inb,"I use oils as a prepoo sometimes too. I make sure to only use moisturizing oils for this step though, and not  sealing oils."
FictionalDudeWanted,qp3inb,"Oils either moisturize or seal in moisture, which eliminates dry brittle hair and promotes hair growth.  Low porosity hair does not benefit from this but High porosity hair flourishes and our curls are more defined.  

You saying our hair grows out of our scalp naturally...ok...and????  Without moisture and a sealant some curls would not be defined.&&&This...yes.  I'm reading the comments and I don't know why ppl don't just stay in their lane.  If you are LOW Porosity then this post is not for you...keep scrolling.  I get so tired of ppl telling others going through their natural hair journey to stop using oil bc it doesn't work for ***them.***   Scuse you....HIGH Porosity natural hair was NOT talking to you.  Our hair journey is NOT your hair journey.  What works for LOWS does NOT work for HIGHS.

Anyway....your hair is beautiful; keep doing what works for you.  My High Porosity hair loves heavy creams and oils.  She will show her natural ass if I don't feed her right.

I refresh my curls when they get dry with a spray bottle of oil and water and it dries shiny and soft.  My curls are still defined and the gel cast goes away naturally without me manipulating my hair to break it.  Also, I don't have to wear a cap in the shower bc the oil has sealed my hair, so no frizz, just wet curls.

Edit:  I use the spray on my wash n go to refresh it."
KRASHBABYKOODA,qp3inb,Stunning!
M_Sia,qp3inb,"I’m sorry to many cute people post on this subreddit at once. 

On topic oil usually gives my hair shine as well.&&&This I’m high po and my hair loves olive and coconut oil."
RipredTheGnawer,qp3inb,What kind of oil do you use?
Safe-Biscotti1065,qp3inb,Your curls would be much more defined without the oil. Oil isn’t growing your hair. Your hair grows out of your scalp naturally
Sifev,qp3inb,Man. I stopped using it because of stuff I saw on Twitter and I'm just now starting back. Stuff is so vital
glittersmut,qp3inb,this
poochee_pansy,qp3inb,"Yeah, some people dislike oil and some people don't. It's best to experiment with it and find which oil, if any, is best for you and try to avoid using someone's personal opinion as truth and do your own research and tests. I stopped using oil for a while just to see what all the hype was about and lord did my hair turn to STRAW."
rdubthaplug,qp3inb,Cutie 💓
sammyfire2001,qp3inb,"First off gorgeous hair!

I read through the comments and wasn't surprised to see the old and tired debate about the benefits of using oils.   I use oils (a DIY mix) when I pre-poo, in addition to an ayurvedic treatment that I use to detangle.  I don't necessary use oils to necessarily moisturize my hair, I use it to lubricate my hair further for detangling purposed but also for the vitamins and nutrients that oil provides to the hair and scalp.

The OP never actually said why she uses these oils.  Some assumed that it was for moisture or hair growth.  As of right, we don't really know.  At the end of day it doesn't even matter.  Manage your own hair and let others do the same.  Let's just celebrate this woman's  thriving hair and move on!"
yourfavlioness,qp3inb,oil is a life saver fr&&&&&&hatian castor oil & mane choice oil&&&lol you can tell that by the color change from brunette to red that my hair actually is just fine in the growth department luv x&&&thank you for this!! i find it very annoying when people try to tell me about my hair— everyone’s hair is different. mine also loves heavy moisturizers and oil!&&&i put oil in my hair after i moisturize. i found that it helps with my frizz problem!
BegoniaShawty,qozoe1,butterfly clips 😊
Lovexceptional,qozoe1,Natural hair popping :) Anybody know cute accessories to add to natural hair?&&&
M_Sia,qozoe1,"Girl yes. Yes to the hair, yes to the beauty, yes because your whole appearance is popping."
MrsFreshB00TY,qozoe1,I’ve been finding cute gold Bobby pins at dollar tree. They have cool geometric designs
NsideDaNsideda,qozoe1,My sides are too short to be long and too long to be short (growing out a tapered TWA) so I rely heavily on basic bobby bins and black elastic headbands to give my hair shape.  Also I like getting vintage silk scarves from eBay to tie my hair back.
Sheliwaili,qozoe1,Sometimes I use glitter clips or a Bobby pin with a jewel…
blahhhkit,qozoe1,Can you share any example pics (even similar inspo pics if you’re not comfortable sharing your own pics)? I’m growing out a tapered cut too and having trouble figuring out what to do!
doyouknowyourname,qozoe1,I like to use those combs that have jewels or other decoration on top.
thatblerd03,qozoe1,"I like cute little hair clips. I've got some sparkling pins with that have ridges so I just carefully stick them in, they stay put as long you're not head banging."
Ok-Doubt-4234,qovhje,"Hello! Instagram, TikTok and YouTube have some great tutorials on how to take care of curly hair. Try searching hashtags like #curlyhaircare. “Manes by Mel” is an awesome YouTube channel that she or you can watch for more information and tutorials about caring for curls. 
MopTop is a great product for styling and moisturizing (available on Amazon). Make a rice water spray for when the hair is frizzy. Use some type of high quality oil (olive, sesame, neem, etc.) to use before bed - suggested by a hairdresser. Try using your fingers to “brush” it or a wide tooth comb but only after showers or when it’s wet. Don’t brush when it’s dry. A satin pillowcase helps prevent frizz and breakage. Invest in a silk/satin scarf, knit beanie or scrunchies to protect the hair when she/you wants to take a day off from styling it. Clips, scrunchies, bobby pins, and soft fabric headbands are gentler ways to style it. Use a gel like SheaMoisture curling gel soufflé to help keep the style looking frizz free over the course of the day. 
Thanks for wanting to help a young natural haired girl! Sometimes family members are clueless. 👍🏽"
StonedKitten-420,qovhje,"I’m not trying to be negative, but please provide these resources/tips that you receive from this post to her father. He needs to be responsible for his own offspring, not you. Hold him accountable. Good luck."
forgot_username1234,qovhje,"Resources on learning how to style natural hair?&&&Hello r/naturalhair ! 

My boyfriend’s daughter is almost 13, and she hasn’t really learned how to take care of her hair on her own, as her mom usually does it. When she’s at our house, her hair starts to look a mess after a day or two and I’d like to learn how to style it / help her so she doesn’t get self-conscious. Where do I start! What kind of brushes / combs do I buy? Are there tutorials that y’all can point me to? 

Thank you!&&&I don’t disagree, but if he had his way she would have dreads like him, but her mom won’t allow that (for now). He tried to have her put on a hat today 🙄

The other day when we picked her up, her grandma said something about how we need to start teaching her how to brush her own hair! I’m like, I don’t even know how to brush her hair, how am I supposed to teach her and why is this my job 🤣"
seamstresshag,qovhje,"Have her mother put her hair in braids. This way she feels better, and you don’t have to learn a skill you’re not suited for. The father should be doing her hair when she is with you. Plenty of black men do their daughters hair. He knows what to do."
RegisterOk433,qosvev,https://www.dahairgoat.com/&&&[removed]
CarribbeanTSBeauty,qoqm1d,Yessss I did it last week and it was amazing ! Do it with the Aztec clay mask girl !
Dee_Nice_,qoqm1d,"PSA: ACV rinse is magic&&&**TL;DR If your hair is flat, frizzy, and lifeless just use an apple cider vinegar rinse!**

I have 3c/4a low porosity curls. After almost 10 years of being natural, I (finally) got a great line of products and routine that my hair loves. 

My routine? DevaCurl Decadence No Poo, One Condition, and Shea Moisture Intensive Hydration Mask for washing and conditioning. For styling I use, Camille Rose Curl Love, DevaCurl B'Leave In, Kinky Curl Curling Custard, Eco Styler Olive Oil Gel. These have been staples that leave my hair defined and with volume.

The problem? For the last couple of months, my hair has just been, well blah... I'd have to tie my hair up on the 2nd day, when before my 4th day still looked amazing. I noticed I needed more, and more product to tame the frizz which led to flakiness. If I tried putting less product on my hair, it would just lead to frizz. I always lightly scratch my scalp before washing to get rid of buildup so I figured that couldn't be the problem. I just gave up, assumed the glorious days of nice hair were over, and resigned to always having my hair in a bun.

I recently saw a Shea Moisture product for $5 at TJ Maxx. It was a total steal and I figured I'd try it out. After all, my hair had been acting up so I had nothing to loose. It was an Apple Cider Vinegar shampoo. Now, I've heard a lot about ACV rinses and their wonders but I was a little turned off by the lathering aspect of the shampoo...but I got it anyways (yolo).

I used the shampoo (instead of the No Poo), and continued with my regular routine and guys!!! My hair is finally back 😭 I didn't need to use an excess amount of product, no more flaking. The curls are coming back defined and full of volume.

I hope this helps anyone reading this that was in my same situation."
copperbutton,qoqm1d,"If you go the no-poo route, you still have to clarify regularly."
ChallengeAltruistic3,qohzpc,how do i fix curled up braids like this&&&
BegoniaShawty,qoh9hn,sooooo precious omg those cheeeeeks 😭
CapitanGiggles,qoh9hn,What a cutie omg! My nephew runs like the wind if I even look at his hair lol I do my niece’s and nephew’s hair bc my sis isn’t great at it. Can’t trust either of them with my switch though 😂
EvenCelebration823,qoh9hn,Aw he’s so adorable
FantasticHamburguesa,qoh9hn,Super unrelated but is he playing Pokémon unite? 😂 I bet you he’s carrying the whole team.
KingCoye1,qoh9hn,"Reddit is seeing it first! I’m the only one he let’s do his hair :)&&&&&&No gonna lie to you I had to give him my switch, it keeps him still for hours 😂&&&Thank you 😊&&&Trust me I see him getting mvp every game 😂😂&&&I only used Shea moisture kids coconut and hibiscus curling cream but a good substitute would be the kids detangling conditioner from Shea moisture&&&Honestly it’s a gamble that’s why I make sure I give him my switch on the bed and monitor him to make sure he doesn’t get baby spit on it&&&Thanks it takes a lot of patience but he’s getting used to me doing his hair"
QueenYMB,qoh9hn,"Aww🤗🤗🤗, He is so handsome!!!"
StonedKitten-420,qoh9hn,I commend you. I could never.
TooManyMistakesToFix,qoh9hn,I don’t even like children but legit THAT FACE 🥺 That happy face made my eyes water. Absolutely wonderful. Great job!!!
champagne-kisses,qoh9hn,What a cutie pie! He’s so adorable and I love the twists.
rainbowxthunder,qoh9hn,cute! how did you get him to sit still?? my daughter runs like the wind if I so much as stroke her hair :(
VastRepresentative42,qogvna,Looks like it's just been rubbed out of the curl or damaged. Easy fix w wash n cut
coolcrispyslut,qogvna,tbh they just look longer cuz of an uneven cut
tezzo0081,qogvna,Are these two different hair textures the result of stress or genetics? I’m trying to get starter coils&&&
TheRealMobleyFit,qogqhn,Hair vs Gym!&&&
DotHOHM,qoemgw,"There are kid versions of most big natural hair brands, it tends to be cheaper. Box braids are fine for around a month. She prob needs a trim for the dead ends, a good cheap hair line to try is Aussie moist, Aussie Curls, or Aussie avocado. The hard part about hair is that unless you can get them to a professional curl stylist, you'll need trial and error to sre what products work the best. I'll be back later for some more line recomendations, but you have done great so far."
Known-Caterpillar-11,qoemgw,"❤️ i love her hair!! cantu and shea moisture are great brands with natural products, i think that cantu is cheaper. the type of brush you use is also really important. a denmann brush or something alike can do wonders. i personnaly detangle under the shower with my hairs fully wet. also hairs tend to tangle faster when dry or damaged, i recommend to use something like coconut oil or argan oil regularly. i use shea butter and castor oil but its maybe to heavy for her hair

also when youre done breading you can cut some of the hairs at the end of the braid (really not much) where theres some rebel hairs"
MelodicBoysenberry19,qoemgw,"Helping a little girl learn to love her natural hair. I desperately need help ! I don't know how to make a full post so I'll add a comment generally explaining the situation.&&&&&&I have been casually babysitting for a newly single dad of three. He is multi-racial and so are his kids. Two of the kids have pin straight hair and the other has natural (maybe 3b hair from what I've researched). He was not the one who handle the kids hair and the most he knows how to do is throw their hair in a pony tail. It works just fine for the other kids bit obviously not the one attached in the post. I am a busy college student and I just swing by to see the kids every once in a while. 

Due to covid out breaks on both ends I was unable to see the kids for two months. Her hair get tangled so easily, it's dry, and very long. She's 8 years old and she wont let him brush her hair because it hurts. So anyways, life happened and her hair is now matted into a ball shaped ponytail. I've been working on it for a few days and it's almost untangled. I've just been braiding the sections that are detangled to keep them that way for now but I need advice on what hairstyle I can out her hair in to keep it clean, detangled(I understand it's bound to need detangled to an extent), and manageable for more than a week. 

I would usually go over ther once a week do wash it thoroughly and deep condition it. I don't want her to keep putting it in a pony tail because she's too young to know how to take care of it and dad is still learning. I also know I wont always be able to get over there every week. I am Hispanic/ white and I have easy to manage hair. I don't know what products, hairstyles, or tools to use. I've YouTubed, and Googled but everyone is just so different. 

I posted the pictures so you can see how matted it gets and maybe get a feel for what her hair type is. There's a bunch of build up from her washing her own hair. It's seriously taken me 3 days so far but it's almost detangled. Everyone else in her life wanted to shave her head but I think she deserves to love the hair she was born with. I have the patience to detangle one million different hairs and that exactly what I'm doing. As I've been detangling her hair I've kind of sectioned them into box braids. She's been looking at herself in the mirror and I know for the first time she feels pretty because she keeps saying it. Are box braids something that can be preserved for a few weeks? 

I'm a broke college student. I have absolutely no prior knowledge of how to take care of natural hair. I don't know any terms. I really just want to help her it's just not in the budget to take her somewhere professional. 

I also have severe ADHD so I hope the comment was cohesive enough to follow along with. ❤&&&I live in the Midwest but thank you for reaching out!"
New-Nobody09,qoemgw,You are a saint! Good luck 🥰🥰🥰
No_Comfortable_2167,qoemgw,"For good curly hair care on a budget Palmers curl products are really good. Idk who will be getting her curl products you or her dad, but my most favorite hair mask is the [Shea Moisture Intensive Hydration Hair Masque](https://www.sheamoisture.com/manuka-honey-and-mafura-oil-intensive-hydration-masque/764302231066.html) it costs a little more, you can find it from $13- $15 but it is seriously the best and lasts a fair amount of time (I use mine every time I wash my hair and it has lasted me for months). But if you want to get something for now in a pinch, they also sell a sample pack at Target for the masque and you can use it for at least 2 or 3 washes, leave it for at least 15mins and knots will melt like butter. If the build up you're referring to, does not come off with a regular wash, Neutrogena's clarifying shampoo is very effective, you can normally find it almost anywhere for $4 the small one (Which  has a really good amount and you only need a little). 
About protective styles, I'm not an expert on that topic, nor a usual protective style wearer, but I know you can leave on braids for a week, depending on the hair type and her scalp, maybe more. I would say be careful with doing tight braids and cornrows as I can see she has fine hair and that could cause some breakage. 
Good luck! 🍀"
NotAPigeonInDisguise,qoemgw,"A set of box braids can last upwards of a month or two depending on how well it’s taken care of (like being wrapped at night, gel being used, mousse, etc). I would focus on getting her hair into a state of good health first for a week or two before putting in a long-lasting protective style; so a hair mask every four days or at least two over the course of two weeks after you get all of her hair detangled. In the time that you’re babying her hair, two-strand twists could hold her hair in place overnight or for a day or two. Her hair should only be brushed when wet and with conditioner in it, otherwise finger combing is the next best option.

Other things that could be done include getting satin pillowcases, and a bonnet for her to sleep in or a silk/satin scarf. I commend you for taking the time out of your life to take care of this young lady’s hair. A lot of parents and even some stylists wouldn’t have the patience you have :) as a cosmetologist this makes me super happy to see!"
SkekMysz,qoemgw,"Try finding dippity do at Walmart or even tj Maxx/Marshalls. Use a leave in conditioner after washing her hair, or even if just wetting it completely. Then use a curling cream, Cantu has a great one that comes in a 12oz tub, I use every week, it shouldn't be more than $5-$7. Using those two will be great for her, fingers crossed. Also get her a bonnet to sleep in so it doesn't get so matted while she sleeps- that will help preserve her curls much longer. Hope this all helps 💕"
doyouknowyourname,qoemgw,I really get sad when I see these stories. My mom died young and no one cared to teach me or learn how to do my afro hair. You don't happen to be near Pittsburgh?
flirtandflutter,qoemgw,"Yes, box braids can last a while depending on the hair type. If her hair is silkier they may fall out quicker. 

What is the father like? IMO someone needs to sit him down be real with him....this is neglect!! I have sympathy if he is a widower, but his daughter needs him to step up and take care of her...she is too young to do her own hair!! She is already going through a lot, this could cause even more trauma for her on top of losing her mother. Time for him to do some research and learn how to properly wash, detangle, and style her hair....maybe you can offer to point him in the right direct and help teach him, but he really needs to step up and care for his daughter's needs."
gold3nhour,qoemgw,"First off, it's very noble of you to step in to help them, like this. Thank you, and I am glad you are able to help! I've been in your shoes before when I had to step in to help a family with 0 natural hair experience take care of two foster children that came in suddenly. Because I am African American and have natural hair, I know our hair. The family felt like it would be inappropriate to ask because they didn't want me to feel offended, but I told them ""I'd rather be able to help these girls know they are cared for and safe when their whole world (and really yours now) got flipped upside down. No one can prepare for that, but we can try to step up and support one another through difficult times!"" I have a bit of a story and links below that I hope can help you!!

With that said, her hair looks similar to a child's hair I used to nanny for, from birth to age four. She too is multiracial and her mom wasn't sure how to manage her hair. What I did, was make sure when I detangled it, I used a wide tooth comb and warm water, with either a little bit of slippery conditioner (love Aussie Moist 3 Minute Miracle for this even though it's a rinse out conditioner--and since she's a child it won't take much product) or a detangler spray (Just For Me Natural Hair Milk Leave-In Detangler) and go section by section. You'll also want some kind of clips to be able to pin the hair up as you separate it and detangle, so it doesn't end up tangling while you're trying to detangle! She was very sensitive to having her hair done because it hurt, just like you're saying about this little girl! Anyway, after we washed it, I would sit her down, and make four to six (more if she has very dense hair or in your case--I'd try to do more smaller parts to make sure I'm getting all of the tangles) sure I started from the ends of her hair, slowly upward, combing through, until I could get to the roots. Only then would I try to run the comb (or a Denman brush--there are knock offs available that do the same thing) through her hair from root to tip! Once I knew it was all detangled, I'd again, in sections, style it.

Because her hair (when properly moisturized) is actually very curly, but a much looser curl than my own, it was really easy to put it in big (probably 4-5 per section of her hair so she had 16-20 at most and it didn't take long) finger coils ([here's a tutorial](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GTlSKkyFBaw)), and she loved it. They're  not too different from the natural curl she already had, so being able to keep the curl kind of wrapped on itself helped with her tangling. I always used lightweight products on her (I've linked some below) because the same products I'd use on my hair would just weigh hers down and probably have way too much oil for her hair!

Here's a ""[Tangled Curly Hair Wash Routine](https://youtu.be/S9kdxvASLxw)"" video by Raven Elyse on YouTube, I just found that looks somewhat close to what ""your"" little girl's hair looks like, as far as the matting and tangles before the wash. Maybe it can give you an idea. [Sally Beauty has a Kids' Hair product section](https://www.sallybeauty.com/hair-care/shop-by-product/kids-hair/), and if you don't have access to one,  I know I can buy a lot of the same products on their website, in stores at Walmart and likely many other big retailers, so you may want to make a list of items to look for at stores you do have access to. I'd definitely make sure I'm using a wide tooth comb, have some small [butterfly hair clips](https://www.sallybeauty.com/hair-care/other-products-and-accessories/hair-accessories/3-butterfly-clamps/SBS-292627.html?gclsrc=aw.ds&gclid=Cj0KCQjw8p2MBhCiARIsADDUFVEtFirS3g7Jkzq7L17pcR3XkKt60Rb7Qvk6Q0iRbOFxSTWZGOHNeBgaAgtaEALw_wcB&gclsrc=aw.ds) to keep the hair separated in its parts, a 360 spray bottle would be nice ([looks like this](https://www.sallybeauty.com/diy-university/classes/knot-anymore/10-oz-360-mist-sprayer/SBS-292109.html)), and some good products like the Just For Me I linked above, and I bet items from their line would be good on her hair. Also agree with everyone recommending a satin pillowcase and/or bonnet, I have both! Cotton absorbs moisture and that dryness can lead to breakage, matting, etc. which just makes the whole process even more difficult!

I hope this helps, and I'll save this post to check back in and hopefully answer questions if you have them! Thanks again for stepping up to help this little girl and family. Also, when/if he reads this, hi dad. Thank you for trying your best to take care of your child. I hope our tips here today, help you moving forward! Take care, everyone!!&&&Also, I know she's not a toddler, but it's kind of difficult to find hair videos for children around her age with her same texture/pattern! I would say two strand twists would be great for her hair, but I don't know that she has a tight enough curl to hold the twists! They are a great style though and can definitely keep kids' hair moisturized and look very cute. I think if you can get her hair detangled from here, then her own curls could thrive with some TLC!!

I'd definitely say to cut what isn't able to be detangled after you get as much done as possible... that way you're not having to shave her head, but she can also be comfortable being herself! That (she's forming her identity and place in the world--let's try to not take away her hair if we don't have to and let's encourage her beauty even if her hair is different than other peoples' hair) matters a lot, even at age eight, which I guess is why I feel so touched by what you're doing! Thank you! I just found this ""[Quick and Easy Hairstyle For Kids](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MZ11DPl1nrM)"" video,  by GlamFam (his channel is AMAZING) and maybe it's something that could probably be done, moving forward. This way she learns her hair, dad learns her hair, and she feels good about her hair!"
la_1999,qoemgw,"If you can do cornrows I think they would work well here, and the box braids as well. You’re awesome for helping her out with her hair when everyone else wanted to shave it. How willing is her dad to help her look after her hair? If it needs extra care and attention he needs to understand that and possibly take her to a salon regularly till she’s old enough to look after it herself, it shouldn’t have to fall on a stranger. I don’t know much about his situation but if he’s open to it it may be a good idea for him to get more involved and help her own who she is, rather than just wanting to cut it off. 


Hope you get good advice, you’re helping her in a great way ❤️"
left-them-on-read,qoemgw,"Are you in the northeast? I have a ton of partially used products that I could ship to you to try on her hair! They didn’t work for me as my hair is much more coarse, but maybe they’d work well for her!"
silky_link07,qoemgw,"I would say whatever you end up trying, start with lighter products. If you buy a heavy/super dense product, use less of it so it doesn’t weigh the hair down. The Aussie line is great! If her hair likes it then I would say keep using it. Detangling with with wide tooth combs on DAMP hair will also help if her hair gets matted again. I really hope dad is repaying you for these products. And I hope he’s researching how to take care of all his kids’ hair. 

Thanks for helping a little girl like her hair again."
Exotic-Blueberry-663,qodz4u,In search of easy protective hair styles for 4c hair!!&&&[removed]
catwalk_gucci_1990,qobok6,High Porosity Hair Length Retention tips?&&&I've been natural my whole life but have also had a problem with growing my hair (3c/4a). It's been mid-back length before I cut my hair at like 12 and I just couldn't get the length back. A couple of weeks ago I heard about hair porosity and length retention. I've been struggling with breakage considering my hair is high porosity. I'm a very lazy natural. Any tips?
AdDazzling8016,qo7x83,Names atAm&&&
