index,id,comments
Storytella2016,prljsk,Pretty much immediately. You’re using the oil to seal in the moisture so you don’t want to wait.
dbzkaibeast5544,prljsk,How long should you wait to use oil after liquid/leave-in in the LOC method&&&I'm new to this stuff and quick Google searches aren't really working
AshirahYah,prlcb6,"It looks like it's relaxed hair breaking off. If you're hair is truly 4c, this is not. So, were these type hair hanging onto afro like hair? If so, you did the right thing."
ChickenDumpli,prlcb6,You should show a small section of your hair growing out of your head.
Disney_Villian,prlcb6,You said above you trim regularly.  Is it a professional trim on straight hair or you just clip off the ends of braids/twists?
EfficientGuarantee49,prlcb6,Oh no! Doesn’t even look like 4c hair! Maybe stress?..
HollyyHowardd,prlcb6,4B 4C Hair strands tapering?! 4B/4C hair that is becoming shorter all around head and hair ends becoming thinner and to a taper. What does this mean and any idea how to fix it? I just did a big chop due to too many strands like this!&&&&&&I know! :( my root are so curly but random pieces go almost straight and taper at the end.&&&Would style like box braids be a cause? I use it as a protective style.
wooweeitszea,prlcb6,"Looks like spilt ends/breakage. It could be caused by the install or takedown of the braids. Or if the hair had breakage prior to the installation. Do you trim your ends regularly? Are you (or your stylist) braiding too roughly (like pulling on the hair to get it ‘neat’)? Not an indictment, but just some things to consider moving forward."
AceAconite,prisp6,"I like this method starting around 1:48 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bI1UAfirMrQ
if you have a latch hook, rubber bands, and some time. And you should be able to trim and conceal the ends of your hair. This will only work if your beads can fit on the latch hook though -_-"
Infinite-Swordfish97,prisp6,Braid them all the way down and dip again or lightly burn the ends
Wertyasda,prisp6,Pretty colour!!
Wicked_Fabala,prisp6,Dip in hot water then add beads
bohobougie,prisp6,Cut it with scissors
highkill,prisp6,"My hair braider seriously screwed me over and I’m trying to put beads in my hair but the braids are really long and leaves excess hair. How do I go about getting rid of the excess?&&&&&&Okay, I’m just worried that cutting the ends would make it harder to conceal; or should I just cut them after I put on the beads?&&&I am sorry to disappoint but I’m not good at braiding … at all 😭"
lolofreeb,prisp6,"So what you want to do is wrap your hair around the last bead, rubber band that bead to anchor the rest to the hair, and then cut off the excess."
plummshoppe,prisp6,You can trim the ends and maybe use slightly larger beads or hair jewelry (shells maybe?)- it will take up more of the loose ends. Also when you wrap the rubber band- try to make them flat on the braid do the bead above them slide over the rubber band.
ur_notmytype,prisp6,Cut it
waboz,prisp6,You should be able to purchased a beader if one doesn't come in the pack of beads you buy. It looks like a long plastic thing that splits into two sides and comes back together. Your braids don't have to be all the way braided for the beads to look good. No one will know if the part under the beads isn't braided (I used to braid my sister's hair and add beads all the time and I never braided all the way to the end because 1) it is a waste of time and 2) as the hair gets closer to the end and thins out it gets really hard to braid). Depending on how long you want your beads you shouldn't even have to trim much.
Stunning_Purchase480,prckb1,Indian news and important news&&&
AuroraBeautyalis,prbrig,"I tried both of these and was pretty unsatisfied until I got into As I Am products. Now THOSE products are very moisturizing. It's pricey,  though. Camille Rose is my 2nd favorite and less expensive than As I Am"
Bear_Bones_mom,prbrig,"So I keep posting about this company because it’s the only one that came close to me being able to do a wash and go. They aren’t in stores but their claim to fame is being on shark tank. Www.curlmix.com. Their moisturizer and gel combo curls my low porosity 4c hair right up and keeps it defined through daily workouts. Needs to be refreshed midway through the week but other products required a twist out to be styled in any way. Also make sure you have a good clarifying shampoo. If your hair’s not clean, it can’t curl

For store brands, I’d second Camille roses twisting butter and the tgin line. Stay away from 🥥 oil"
Crazy_Kenyan,prbrig,"I have the same hair type and I used Cantu for years. Always worked great for me 
Recently switched to curling moose which defines curls a lot better"
Franklyn_Gage,prbrig,I have low porosity 3c hair. The cantu leaves a film that doesnt play well with other products. The shea Moisture one made my hair dry and brottle feelings no matter how little the amount i used. A good one is the Camille Rose Almond Jai twisting butter. I find it defines well and goes good with other products. It also gives a snice shine and good moisture
Jintoad1970,prbrig,Do gels moisturize hair?
M_Sia,prbrig,I used the Shea Moisture with thick 4a/4b low po and it did not give any type of definition. My mother has 3c hair and it works for her. I always took it as for looser curl textures or thinner hair.
MissMabeliita,prbrig,"My hair is none of that but it’s pretty thick and I have a lot and Cantu is heavier than SM, at some point I had to switch to something lighter. It sets and leaves a cast like you used gel."
PretendHat5020,prbrig,Neither of these formulas work for me. I do think curl smoothie is thicker. If that helps.
Rbean95,prbrig,"Mielle or TGIN, oh and As I Am."
Skyoff_Lyfe,prbrig,"I don’t know my hair’s porosity but I use the smoothie, I don’t really use gel on my hair . . not even for a twist out 

I recently started using the AsIAm double butter twist cream and 🙌🏾

I’ve never tried anything from Cantu"
XVI3,prbrig,"Aunt Jackie's products are amazing to and for my hair. I can't use Cantu or Shea Butter anything without it sitting on top and making my hair angry. Aunt Jackie's gels, conditioners, and moisture locks are my go to for any styling needs."
YoYo_ismael,prbrig,"Which product do you think is better for thick coarse Low porosity hair ? I have seen people say Cantu gives more definition but what’s your experience?&&&&&&your hair type and porosity?&&&Shit is confusing because I asked the same question in r/blackhair and they just told me to use the Shea moisture because Cantu is drying meanwhile this subreddit is telling me, “fuck both”

Edit: I guess I will have to buy it and see if it works for my hair or not because I am getting mixed reviews, but i won’t have high expectations&&&Finally a comment that doesn’t say “fuck both of these products” lol&&&I have 3b/3c hair but it’s low porosity and dry, I heard porosity matters more than the curl type"
copperbutton,prbrig,"If you have low porosity hair, Coconut Oil products are not going to do much for you.  Do some quick research on the best oils for low porosity then try to match your products to one of those.  Both Cantu and Shea Moisture have Argan Oil lines and Cantu has grapeseed too.   Other lines focus on Avocado or Almond oils.  Read the product labels to find things with minimum coconut oil and preferably no caster oil."
enigma8085,prbrig,"Use Aunt Jackie’s flaxseed gel. It’s light with a really good hold. Neither of these will give you the definition you’re looking for, but especially not the Cantu."
hanap8127,prbrig,Both of these are terrible. I used to like smoothie before it was te formulated. Use a gel if you want definition.&&&Ooh that twisting butter is lovely for these types of products. I tried the melanin and that stuff also sits on the surface and makes my hair angry.
isaidmediumrare,prbrig,Both of these SUCK. The mane choice is where it’s at for my hair
khariedwards,prbrig,I have thick coarse low porosity 4C hair and I found both of those products to be absolutely terrible. The Shea Moisture Smoothie made my hair feel dry and the Cantu...is a no go. I look for moisture rather than definition so my go-to is the As I Am JBCO Smoothie. The TGIN Buttercream Daily Moisturizer was also really nice.
razanx,prbrig,sorry don’t mind if i just scroll through these comments and ✍️✍️✍️✍️✍️
shida206,prbrig,I think Shea Moisture is better for thicker hair...
sierra-8767,prbrig,I have high pro and the Shea moisture really defines my curls  but it’s different for everyone
skatejet1,prbrig,That’s exactly what I’m doing even tho it’s late at night and I got classes tomorrow 😭
sugplum,prbrig,Both of these are trash. I have low pro 4c hair that had been bleached. So my hair can be a nightmare. To define my hair I use the Camille rose leave in and curl maker on soaking wet hair and set with the diffuser blow dryer or just let air dry. To refresh I use Curls aloe and blueberry juice curl moisturizer. And make sure to deep condition you hair once a week to get PRIME time results. And don’t comb it. Just run your fingers through to help you curls clump. Hope that helps! :)
tequillagivescourage,prbrig,Thanks for this suggestion!
trinilena1,prbrig,You need a gel.
vicghelpme,prbrig,"I have 3C hair and I love the Shea moisture, from these comments it seems maybe it doesn’t work well for type 4 hair"
BlueMaroonLaflare,pr7nwa,"Never visit Memphis the humidity is death to curls 
Wish I was there with you"
Monasgma,pr7nwa,"Are those pants JCREW? Great hair, BTW. NICE photo."
Xygn0,pr7nwa,What products do you use?
chakra_kitty,pr7nwa,"My twist out held up in the heat&&&&&&Thanks 😊&&&I’m in a pretty humid place rn … and I lived in Florida so … idk I think my hair likes humidity…. I do like when it turns into an Afro… i Like to see my twist out “transform” through the week lol&&&Different products but for this twist out I washed my hair with Shea moister moisture retention shampoo, condition and detangled with curl & shine conditioner (best detangling conditioner imo) deep conditioned with Shea moisture Manuka honey and Mafura oil intensive hydration mask, and then I used as I am leave in conditioner… then as I am twist defining cream (I love it and no flakes ever!) and oiled my scalp with Camille rose natural cacao nibs and honey growth serum&&&I borrowed these pants from my 12 year old daughter … lol it’s a kids brand but I forgot which one"
reese81944,pr7nwa,Beautiful!
AlexandraLiberty,pr2fg8,"First, move away from the idea that your hair needs to be fixed, because it doesn’t and also because this might just be your texture.That being said, I do see some coils. When you are conditioning your hair in the shower you need to be raking and smoothing the conditioner in, this will help the curls to start forming in its wet start. Then after, use a soft t-shirt to soak up the excess water. no rubbing. That causes frizz. Try squeezing the water out. Then add some gel . Again with the smoothing and raking motion. Also, something to note, being that your hair is shorter your coils may not want to form as easily. Mind didn’t for some reason. Also, one last thing, your hair looks like it might be coloured, so make sure you are using a really good protein conditioner that is helping to rebuild the bonds that were broken in your hair during the colouring process. Having coloured/damaged hair causes a lot of frizz."
TimTamDeliciousness,pr2fg8,"Another option after the raking hands through hair with condish and then a leave in and gel or curly whip, scrunch your coils and then without using a wet brush or comb, just let it air dry with a towel around your shoulders. It’s what I do with my fro which is close to the same texture and gives me pretty nice definition. I agree with above post that your texture looks great as it is tho."
hanap8127,pr2fg8,I agree with most of this minus the drying before gel. I didn’t realize that’s what was preventing my curls from forming without frizz. Apply gel on soaking wet hair in the shower. Don’t even squeeze out any extra. Add more water first to any frizzy bits then more gel as needed.
luvkhxa,pr2fg8,How can i fix the frizziness and make my curls more defined.&&&&&&thank you! i’ll try that&&&thank you! i’ll try raking in a gel&&&this is my hair wet
ReggieUncut34688,pqyxvb,"Any naturals tried the Pantene Gold Series Line? I just did a review on the products on my latest YouTube video @ReggieUncut. Thanks, give me some feedback.&&&[removed]"
Specialist-Baker-807,pqx42l,"Faux locs crochet, my protective style for now.&&&&&&Aww thank you"
disneysslythprincess,pqx42l,That's so cute!!
ReggieUncut34688,pqvsii,Natural hair question. Has anyone used the Pantene gold series line? I made a YouTube video that I’ll be posting to show my review on my YouTube channel ReggieUncut. Has&&&[removed]
CeruleanCh,pqumla,"not sure if you already do this, but I noticed a positive change once I started trimming my ends every 3 months"
Disney_Villian,pqumla,"If you are not getting regular trims on straightened hair that could be your problem.  The ends weather due to regular styling, and protective styles don’t eliminate the need for trims.  My hair wasn’t thriving despite being natural and trying all other solutions for over 10 years and this was my problem."
M_Aku,pqumla,How long have you been doing the rice water and protein treatment? Rice water has a ton of protein in it and if you are already doing it twice a month and a protein treatment on top of that it can lead to protein overload.&&&Do you wear bonnets or head scarves? I started noticing better length retention when I started putting my hair away more. I like touching and manipulating my hair so having it tucked away helps.
disneysslythprincess,pqumla,"Ok I want to echo another user and say long term protective styling is your friend. If possible invest in a cute easy wig, i recommend a headband wig. During the winter i keep my hair in cornrows or twist or just plain chunky braids under a wig. When I get home I put on a bonnet. I undo and wash every 2 weeks and put it right back into those loose braids or twists. This above all else is what helped my hair grow."
idkidkagain,pqumla,"I Need Advice&&&I've been natural since 2017 and my hair has been stuck at neck length for a really long time. I do see progress but, I've seen naturals that completely shaved their head and their hair had grown back faster. I'm at the age where appearance is everything and I can't shave or wear my hair out because I don't have enough time to deal with it before school so I wear box braids often. My mom is a first-time natural too. and she thinks that I don't need to moisturize my hair and I need to stop touching it too much. After doing tons of research I realized that I'm doing this natural hair thing completely wrong. I don't wash my hair as much and I don't keep it moisturized as much as I should. I made a small change like finding a routine. After I take my braids out I apply my homemade avocado hair mask and wash my hair with Cantu shampoo and conditioner. I add my leave-in conditioner (Aunt Jackie's) and oil. Then I plat my hair and let it stretch naturally. I'm a minor who can't find a job because of ms. rona and I really want to start taking better care of my hair. What should I tell my mom? (My hair texture is 4c by the way.)&&&Thank you guys for all of your great suggestions. So, I got done taking my hair out around 3:30 am on Sunday morning. After doing more research I realized I suffer from breakage from not taking my hair outright (I'm literally combining my hair out) and product buildup. My hair does grow well when I'm not manipulating it too much. I got discouraged from protective hairstyles because the perfect natural hair youtubers who are past the awkward short hair phase keep saying protective hairstyles that use weave are terrible and I need up a lot of expensive hair care products. Knotless braids are my go-to because they don't add too much tension to my hair. I might get my hair done around Thursday or later."
igotapuppyinmyhands,pqumla,"I do rice water treatment twice a month, protein once a month and keep my scalp moisturized and I trim my ends every once in a while to grow my hair (I shaved last spring and my hair is officially “not short” anymore, not long yet but growing fast)"
Skyoff_Lyfe,pqumhl,"One of my go-to styles lately&&&&&&Thank you but gurrrrrl I know I was just saying the same thang, it’s just a quick, lazy, hairstyle  but I look like my baby photos 😩😩😩😩😩&&&bathrm selfie on a good ol’ Saturday cheat day lol . . 

been working out 5 days a week, running, strength training and meal prepping and so I spend less time on my hair unfortunately but shampoo once a week, and a do a hair mask once a week as well and do this style or some variation of a two-strand twist style"
UnderstandingEast637,pqumhl,"What’s your hair type? My hair is so thin and my head is tiny, so trying to pull off this look might look a little crazy on me😳"
girl-w-glasses,pqumhl,Ughhh so cute!! Space buns are my favorite but everyone literally thinks I’m 16 or 17 when I have this hairstyle 😭😭 I’m a whole adult.
