index,id,comments
Misisme20,r9y3fx,Wide tooth comb. I don’t use a brush unless my hair is straight.
Right_Surprise5369,r9y3fx,"I used a combo of finger detangling, wide tooth comb, and detangling brush. It really just depends on what I feel like my hair needs.  

But what I will say is a detangling brush is more thorough at detangling hair than a wide tooth comb (hence why there are way more combs/picks in a detangling brush), so you're definitely bound to see a little more hair than you would if you just used a wide tooth comb. 

One tip I have for those who want to use a detangling brush but are worried about hair loss is to detangle as much as you can with your fingers, then go through one time with your wide tooth comb, and then one time with the brush. If you do it this way when you go to use the brush you'll literally be catching the last bit of shed hairs, so you won't see much hair.

Also,  remember whatever method you use to be gentle because sometimes it's not the tool but how you're using it."
amariwashere,r9y3fx,Wide tooth comb vs. Detangling brush&&&honest discussion of which is better. Ive been using a detangling brush for a year but might just go back to the comb because i feel like more hair is in my brush than would be with a wide tooth comb 🤔&&&could i ask how tight ur curls are?&&&thank you so much
happyhippoking,r9y3fx,"I use a comb mostly, but brush twice a month. The brush is able to get the roots better and get shed hairs out better."
kingdomcame,r9y3fx,Combs worked better for me personally despite that being a sin around these parts.
ndilapha,r9y3fx,"Almost always a wt comb. I use a brush when I'm trimming my hair only. I didn't know combs were out of fashion! But then again, I am old. 😅"
HealingQueen,r9w4x1,"Hair milk is usually more of an emulsion and contains more oil than a leave in, with less water. Hair milks are often used to refresh or rehydrate hair without making your style ""wet"" and needing a full reset. Leave in tends to function as more of a detangler or a base. Whether you prefer a milk or leave in is personal preference. I'm currently experimenting with both, and I prefer leave ins as my hair feels more moisturized. Also, your more likely to experience build up from milks."
nonethelessnine,r9w4x1,"Leave-in conditioner vs hair milk, what's the difference?&&&I been trying to find other leave in conditioners and just now noticing there aren't many brands that has different types of leave-ins. If hair milk and leave-in conditioner is considered to be similar or the same thing then what exactly is the  Purpose of hair milk if it does the same as a leave in? Is using hair milk better?&&&Thank you so much for the information! You have no idea how long I been looking and no one Gave this much info and detail like you did. :)"
King-matthew-,r9tp8e,On natural hair—history seems to be repeating&&&
82shninklebot,r9tgrn,Find a growth oil too! Organigrow hair co has a scalp oil that speeds up hair growth like it’s nobody’s business
EloquentElixir,r9tgrn,"Also, please stop getting your edges braided. The hair in that area is too delicate and braids cause alot of tension. It's best to just lay your edges when you get braids.

At this point in time, there's not much you can do but leave the area alone and let it regrow"
Fabulousness13,r9tgrn,1st stop getting your hair braided. Ur hair is weak around your edges and will continue to fall out.  U gotta give it a break.  It’ll grow back eventually.  Use some castor oil and avoid doing anything until your hair grow back.
KEnyinna,r9tgrn,Remove your braids asap. Don't get braids again for the foreseeable future. Your scalp and hair follicles need to heal. If you have insurance then go to your nearest Black dermatologist and have them give to topical medications to help heal your scalp and hair follicles.
Misisme20,r9tgrn,Low key impressive for anyone to braid edges like that. I suppose stop wearing braids for a while and keep the hair well moisturized and protected until the hair fills up some more. It’s hard to tell how much hair was lost in the area since I don’t know how much was there before
PigmentedLady,r9tgrn,"Look like some product build up as well. 

Thoroughly wash. Strip it. 

Then apply your desired product. Im more a ingredient junky than a product junky. But I'd definitely apply haitian castor oil/peppermint essential oil/thyme essential oil and massage the edges until you feel it heat up to stimulate the follicles. 

Also use my spray concoction (i do not sell) of 3 ingredients nettle, bamboo, and horsetail leaf. 

And you may want to incorporate onion water into your routine too. You can add onion juice to that spray bottle."
Tight-Cartographer31,r9tgrn,"That's happened to me before and thankfully the hair grew back. I'd suggest having someone that knows how to be gentle help you remove everything. If you wait, then the braids near to your edges will probably start pulling...and then there would be even more damage and hair loss.  Maybe try a protective style with bangs or a safely applied wig for a little bit to let your hair rest? It sucks but it will be ok"
_Idcwhatyouthink_,r9tgrn,"PLEASE HELP HOW DO I FIX THIS. I went to a hair salon to have my hair braided, but they braided my edges very tightly. My mother told me to loosen the edges and I didn’t listen. I already lost some hair and now some pieces are in this thin twist thingy. What do I do?&&&&&&I’ve been taking out the braids ever since I posted that comment, do I have to remove the ones in the photo?"
shida206,r9tgrn,Take the braids out ASAP and go to the dermatologist
sourparchesx,r9tgrn,"the same thing happened to me when I went to the braiding salons. My edges were gone. I would take out the braids all together and let your edges breathe. Moisturize, deep condition, and apply some castor oil. Do not add any more tension to them. Leave them alone and keep them moisturized."
-moodymari-,r9mize,"hair types were made by andre walker — oprah’s hairstylist — to sell his brand of hair products im pretty sure. i’m also sure that he said that hair types above 3c should just get their hair straightened/permed/the like, so i’m not sure the types can be too reliable. 

there’s a whole discussion on twitter lead by veteran hairstylists like @JenniferRoseNYC who work on debunking a bunch of hair myths and tries to give everyone accurate information. i recommend trying her out - i got a lot of sound advice that has improved my hair condition because of her. 

a lot of it will seem like heresy at first and i was definitely looking at her side eyed. but the more i realized she was right, and the majority of her followers started off believing the same too. hope this helps!!"
Cherryloe,r9mize,3b
Environmental-Bug835,r9mize,Tbh Marc Anthony Strictly Curls really helps define my curls while they’re in twists etc. Like it’s so good and I really didn’t expect it to be.
HollyMoley,r9mize,"You are very pretty. 
Not trying to be creepy, just thought you should know."
KEnyinna,r9mize,Curl patterns are real. Yours is 3c/4a
Latii_LT,r9mize,"Agree with majority of comments your curl pattern isn’t really that important in comparison to your hair type: porosity, texture, thickness, density. 


I think about it like this, use hair pattern for replicating hair styles use hair texture for the health of your hair. 

If you really need to know your curl pattern it’s in the 3b-4a category. Which means you have a bunch of different curls which is pretty normal."
Meowella_111,r9mize,Youre so beautiful!
Misisme20,r9mize,"I have noticed that 3c-4c don’t have too many dissimilarities barring the degree of loose and tight. All have coils and kinks type 4 has more kinks.

Your hair has a 3C pattern."
Mixedollxo,r9mize,"Curl pattern please ? My hair stylist apparently said curl patterns aren’t real but I call bs lol.&&&&&&Yes thank you! And I feel the different type of curls all over my head so I can be very frustrating but all the information everyone has given me has helped so much ❤️&&&Thank you!! For the information,very informative&&&Thank you! ☺️☺️ as a curly hair girl you know that means a lot lol&&&I’ve been using coconut nourishment by tresemme (sorry probably spelled wrong) as a conditioner & Cantu co wash that drys my hair so much though so looking for a new shampoo and for creme I been using “curls biz” whipped creme brûlée which has been decent so far too&&&Not creepy at all! Thank you!&&&I just had my first chop 6 months ago & getting a trim up the end of this month,still trying to get the hang of good products. I dumped Cantu long ago and my main issue is keeping next day curls for at least 3,4 days after day 2 it’s a wrap lol"
MysteriousWorld3231,r9mize,"Curl pattern is just how it looks, but your hair’s porosity,  density, and moisture levels will determine how your hair responds to products and heat. If someone has the same curl pattern but high porosity but you have low porosity, you will use the same products with very different results."
Obsidian_rose404,r9mize,It’s true. The whole 1a-4c thing is made up. It doesn’t tell us anything beneficial about our hair and how to take care of it
Slight-Dingo-6829,r9mize,"There’s some truth this. However, it’s important to know if you have a looser v. tighter curl so you can know what products and styles work for you. You’re a type 3 so things styles a braid out probably won’t be the best for you."
TammyFacey,r9mize,"Agreed, curl patterns aren’t real, it’s about the thickness and texture of your hair that matters, regardless of your pattern x"
TheSourestPatch,r9mize,"Very good points and well put. Thank you for posting, I learned quite a bit today."
Twixi3,r9mize,"I have no idea what your curl pattern is other than absolutely gorgeous!&&&Try out As I Am products. They helped me A LOT. I currently use their curling cream and leave in conditioner and I am in love with them. Of course I can't say what works for me will work for you, but I'm always down to promote them lol."
ZealousidealAd6725,r9mize,Learning about porosity changed to game for me!
_who_can_say_,r9mize,Gorgeous!
achalautk,r9mize,"Your hair is gorgeous! I would put you between 3c and 4a, but like others have said, curl pattern isn’t the most important thing. We have similar hair, and I’ve found that Maui Moisture products really work for me.&&&Plus, your curl pattern can change with time. When I did the big chop a few years ago, my curls were 3b. I’ve grown my hair out and I am back to 3c."
amethyst82,r9mize,3c/4a
anon23499,r9mize,"agreed. and when it comes to caring for your hair, those properties (porosity, texture, etc) are way more important than curl pattern"
bohobougie,r9mize,I'd say your hair is 3b or 3c.
bubblegumsparkles,r9mize,Definitely 3c/4a
delveyboo,r9mize,They aren’t real LOL. Your texture of the cuticle and environment matter much much more
favangryblkgirl,r9mize,"My hair stylist said curl patterns aren’t real as well, I actually agree, I wish people would stop constantly posting asking for curl patterns when your “curl pattern” can literally be different on every section of your hair…"
happyhippoking,r9mize,"Your stylist is right. Curl patterns as in Type 1, 2, 3, 4 are based on curl diameter only. It's how wide of a curl it is. Curl properties are real - porosity, strand thickness, hair density, hair texture; these determine what products work best. There's also environment/climate and water hardness to consider as well. 

- 3A is the size of sidewalk chalk
- 3B is the size of a regular sharpie
- 3C is the size of a pencil or straw
- 4A is the size of a crotchet needle 
- 4B is the size of a pen spring
- 4C is zigzags coils with no/hard to define curl pattern"
high_waisted_pants,r9mize,Crochet needles come in a million different sizes from massive to microscopic. Do you have a better analogy?
insulindeprived,r9mize,We have similar textures. My hair is also super thick and grows more out like it looks yours does. I definitely have tighter coils towards my nape and much looser curls towards the front of my head. My struggle is always getting those front pieces to blend/cooperate with curly styles
petite_jpg,r9mize,She’s right tho your texture matters more.
whodis707,r9mize,I don't know what yours is called but I love it!
Misisme20,r9k4ye,I would say 2.5 months since that is when I stay noticing my hair becoming harder to comb through
Pard01,r9k4ye,How long can your hair get before you have to worry about split ends?&&&
happyhippoking,r9k4ye,"It's more like, ""how long do you have to worry about split ends before they stunt your growth?"" I can go about 3 months before needing a trim. Past 3 months and my hair starts getting damaged. In 3 months, my hair will grow about 1.5-2 inches. Some people have tons of splits and ssks but it doesn't hinder their growth."
Glittering_Wedding56,r98uof,"I would look into Nizoral shampoo. It works a lot better than head and shoulders. Also, I would stop using oils,
from personal experience, it made my condition worse."
MrsDimps,r98uof,what oil did you find that helped? I've had some thinning where my SD is and wanted to thicken it back up.
_cactus_jack_,r98uof,"Help with seborrheic dermatitis&&&I got seborrheic dermatitis on my scalp, i have 4a hair and i get my hair braided frequently, I got prescribed Clobex by my doctor months ago and it worked but now my symptoms are getting worse, after i get my hair done my flakes start coming back 1.5-2 weeks having them in, I wash typically when my hair starts getting itchy and dirty. I don’t know what to do anymore, I use oils too and it helps but i do still get flakes and the flare ups, i want to know if anyone can help me or give me advice and suggestions on what to do. I also use moisturizing shampoos from mielle as i am and also head and shoulders&&&what would you suggest i use a braid spray for when i have my cornrows in?"
lhopeless_inusa,r98uof,I use a product “STOP IT” white bottle with blue writing. Shampoo and cream. Works great. I apply cream and heat from blow dryer.
mayyya_c,r98uof,Same I’ve been using shampoo prescribed by my doctor but I still don’t see a change and it’s even making patches of my hair fall out.  But I did find a oil that grew it back pretty quickly.
thatgirllisa,r98uof,"I have SD also. I have to wash my hair weekly. Unfortunately, that’s life with SD. Do not spray your hair with apple cider vinegar. The only thing that helps manage this condition is medicated shampoo and washing frequently. 

What I’ve found for myself is if I wash every week I rarely have to use the prescribe medicated shampoo."
ytfismylife,r98uof,"try spraying the scalp with apple cider vinegar after conditioning and leaving it in for a min or two and then rinsing out. it helps tame mine, especially since i’ve run out of my prescription. also try to make sure that any oils you use don’t encourage fungus growth because it may make it worse"
Ashwasherexo,r98r2k,First month locked complete! I love having dreads! This is my first retwist. How’d I do? I kinda messed up my shapes (suppose to be diamond lmaoo) but I try🤷🏾‍♀️&&&&&&Thanks! I wear a satin cap to sleep 💤&&&I had like five different mirrors in place when doing my hair.&&&Thank you ☺️
Exotic-Blueberry-663,r98r2k,I’m looking into starting my own too! How did you do these?
SelkiesNotSirens,r98r2k,You are really pretty! I wish i had freckles
go-CC-go,r98r2k,Good job.  I like the rectangular pattern.  It will be helpful in the future as your locs grow and you do the maintenance.  Also your hair will lay flush to your head so great for sleeping and wearing a hat. 👋👊
MelSaf02,r94kmi,Hair takes a long time to grow&&&How long did it take y'all to reach your goal hair length? It seems like it's taking me a long time to grow my hair. Do you guys have any tips on how to grow hair faster?  And how do I accept that it will take me at least a few years? I want it to reach my armpit at least.
ZauhBuggati,r94kmi,yes and drinking lots of water... it causes almost like a growth spurt for your hair.
jclassic100,r94kmi,Genetics is key.. then factor in age/vitamins etc.
platform__crocs,r94kmi,"i went from bald to armpit length and it took 4 years. i’m still not at my goal, i think. keeping your hair healthy, massaging your scalp, and getting regular trims are all important. i think finding ways to style my hair to make me feel confident in the moment has helped get through it the most."
slicx18,r94kmi,This might sound weird but when I started drinking smoothies that had fruits and veggies in them my hair started to grow a lot. So getting nutrients in may help.
waboz,r94kmi,"My hair is past my shoulders, but I don't know if it is quite armpit length yet (this is all l straightened by the way) and I cut it all off in August 2018, so I guess almost 3.5 years. I don't there is any magic. Frequent trims (which means different things to different people! My stylist generally recommends every 2-3 months, but my hair is generally fine for a little longer, so we do every 4-5 months). The hardest part of growing my hair out for me has been adapting my styles. Things that used to look good stop looking good, so you have to adapt. I'm not afraid to try different things. For example when my hair was shorter, I would do a pouf, where I used a thin elastic headband wrap twice. As it got longer, the pouf stopped working and was leading to more tangling, so I had to adjust. Now it is long enough for a legitimate ponytail, but there was an awkward in between phase, where ponytails and poufs were just out. I did a lot more two ponytails during that time and 2 flat twists. Now that my hair is longer I'm struggling with my 2 flat twist go to because I have a hard time getting the part that is not against my scalp to be tight enough. I am continuing to practice, but for now that style is kind of on ice, but I've been enjoying flat twist outs a ton. That was quite long just to say, don't get to caught up on x always works for my hair and acknowledge as it grows out the styles you do, the products you use, and the way it looks will change."
MelSaf02,r94hxb,Using a hair mask&&&Should I use a hair mask in my wash day routine? And which ones work best for 4c hair?
midad-,r94hxb,"I have 3c/3b/4a hair, so I can't speak for what hair masks do for 4c hair, but I personally love using lightweight hair masks every wash day. They do WONDERS to my very high porosity hair, and make it smooth and easy to detangle, in my experience. It does dull my curl pattern a little, but it doesn't matter to me because I wear a headscarf (hijab) anyway."
AffectionateAnarchy,r93mpl,"In 1999 when I saw Macy Gray's album cover and she had a big ol fro, that was it for me. I didnt get another relaxer for 15 years and when I did it was for shits and giggles lol"
EloquentElixir,r93mpl,"Yeah. When I first went natural I absolutely hated my hair. I never seen my natural hair before, so when I big chopped and started to grow it out, I was really disappointed it wasn't loose and wavy or even curly and bouncy. I have combination type 4 but mostly 4b/c. I hated that nothing worked for me, I hated that it wasn't naturally curly, hated it was always dry, hated that it didn't do this or that...but I didn't give up. Its the hair I was born with and never taught to love, so it was on me to learn to love it. Thankfully I had a good support system then and an even greater one now (Dumped abusive ex and got my lovely bf) who loves my hair and encourages me to keep going. I'm comfortable now just leaving it in a fro or twists, I think I look great with either style. I dont really do much else to it because I'm tired of wasting money on products to try to look like a type that im not. It is what it is.

You just gotta find the beauty in yourself and stop looking at what you want it to be, cause that's just ganna make you hate it even more. Accept that it's never going to be loose, wavy or curly. You're a kinky gal and you can do so much with it - or not like me. It's unfortunate that your family is being negative, but fuck em. It's what you were born with and you shouldn't hate yourself for that. Society hates you enough as is as a black woman, why add onto it? It'll take some time for you to fall in love, or even like your hair, but once step forward is much better than any steps backwards. There's a whole community to support and upflit you. You got this"
Enterprise-NCC-1701,r93mpl,"I really struggled with it until it got much longer (armpit length when stretched). If you take care of it, it will be much easier to maintain once it is long. I detangle far less now than I had to after my big chop. If you struggle with your texture, I recommend braid outs and twist outs, they are my go-to style, and they can make your hair easier to style during the week when you don't have a lot of time to spend on it."
GoodyOldie_20,r93mpl,"Yessss! I finally realized my natural hair will only ""do what it do"" and big wavy silky curls will never happen. Fam and friends are the absolute worst and it goes so far back to childhood and stays with us. Time for OP to break free and do you..with pride and confidence! A simple side part in my twa makes me feel like a real cutie!  You.got.this!"
Serious_Scarcity_886,r93mpl,"First, I’m sorry to hear that you’re feeling this way. I grew up wishing I knew how to care for my natural hair but didn’t start until a few years ago.

The core of my issues were length and styling. I’d admire certain influencers with the same curl pattern as me (mostly 4a4b). Their hair was just longer and styled better than mine. I also had to dig deep and challenge why I felt less pretty (spoiler: media, low self esteem both internal and projected by others, not understanding how to properly moisturize and style it, short hair being perceived as “less feminine”). 

Do you really not like your hair or is it that you don’t know how to maintain it yet?

I started to like my hair as soon as I cut off the dead ends. I started to love it unconditionally about 6 months in even though I’d be frustrated trying to care for it. I learned how to properly care for it and style it this year FINALLY and now I’m borderline obsessed lol. I love how it’s kinky and curly. I love how it defies gravity. I love that I can wear it shrunken and I have the option to stretch it out. I love that when I pineapple it, it has the perfect definition to volume ratio. Wash days used to be hell, but now they’re a treat. 

Just be patient with yourself and do the inner work because I assure you, your hair is beautiful. You just don’t see it yet 💖"
throwawayokayyy123,r93mpl,"When did you start to like your hair?&&&Some background. I'm a black woman, I've been relaxed since I was in kindergarten. I started going natural last year in April-ish and big chopped in October. I've mostly used protective styles like braids. I think I've taken pretty good care of my hair. As of writing this (and after my trim yesterday), my hair ranges from 8-10.5in. 

I don't really like my hair. It's 3c/4a, shrinks like crazy, and doesn't really suit my face. I was really hoping I'd wind up with a looser hair texture. One that would be long and flowy and thin, instead of tight and shrunken and thick. My family hates it, they keep asking why I've cut it so short, my mom keeps telling me that I was ""foolish"" to do this. I absolutely despise my hair. 

Did any of you guys go through the same thing? If so, when did you actually start to like it? I'm probably gonna hold out for another year or so, and if I still hate it then, I'll get a permanent silk press. I'm just feeling very ugly and defeated right now."
AshlandSouth,r93csm,Gorgeous
KingCoye1,r93csm,Beautiful 👌🏾 did you do them yourself?
MerloMonresiz,r93csm,We’re your first set sister locs? How was it to care for them?
Parislareemcdonald,r93csm,"Starting my 2nd set of locs. I had micro locs but unfortunately I had to comb them out earlier this year. Now I’m starting traditional locs.&&&&&&I had a hair transplant, I lost so many during the surgery so I just started over&&&Thank you!&&&Thank you 😊&&&Thank you 😊. Yes both times&&&Thank you ❤️&&&Well I don’t plan to cut them so I’m definitely expecting growth. Thanks 💕&&&No they were micro locs. I did them myself, I used the same method to install. Taking care of them was easy but time consuming."
Scarlaymama0721,r93csm,Love both looks on you. I like the length of it as well. Do you ever go longer?
VaughnVapor,r93csm,why did u have to comb out the micros?
sqwzmahmeatybts,r93csm,So Bomb!! They look amazing already!
tanukithot_,r93csm,They look so cute! Love the style! ❤️❤️❤️
SeaSalterShaker,r93agl,"The second one looks like a braid-out. 1 and 3 look like normal afros? (3 is how my hair looks after washing, and 1 is how my hair looks after stretching/old twist-out.)"
fvithfuls,r93agl,"What styles would you describe these as and how would I be able to replicate them without clip-ons? Thanks!&&&&&&Oh okay then. So I'd just part a 1/4 of my hair in the front into two sections, slick it down with gel then pick the back out?"
saltlevelsrising,r93agl,"For the first one part your hair a little bit before your ears on both sides. Spit it down the middle, and braid the two sections back. You can also do flat twists, or slick it back with a headband."
32sugarsweet,r91ms1,second this!
AllieBeeKnits,r91ms1,"You look like you have hair similar to me you need to put on a anti humidity serum and to flat iron during/ after I live in Florida and my hair stays straight probably a week after straightening. Don’t forget to wrap your hair for bed too, also sweat is  a thing so dry shampoo here and there."
Big2Mak,r91ms1,You still look amazing 😁
Blaque-Cat,r91ms1,What were your steps from washing to finish?
Curious-Here1,r91ms1,Pretty lady and such beautiful hair
DatChickDani,r91ms1,Chi silk!!
Delectabledel,r91ms1,You might not have your flat iron on a high enough setting. That is the problem for me sometimes also. And it could also come from not “stretching” it white straightening it
EddiesSubGirl,r91ms1,The heat is too high. You probably also need to pretreat it and treat it afterward.
Ilovemakeup_,r91ms1,do u just straight your hair? what's your procedure? like what other products do u use?
Malikanahl,r91ms1,"You might want to try a heavier flat iron creme. I know it’s counterintuitive especially because you mentioned you have fine hair, but a thicker product will lay down your cuticles and prevent that poofy look. It will also prevent moisture from the air from getting in your strands. I have this same problem and I use Dudleys creme press pressing oil. It’s a very thick product, I only use a tiny amount and will place if at the top of the section I’m working through and work it down. It allows me to keep my hair straight for a few weeks!"
Mej_725,r91ms1,It’s curly hair. I recommend rolling up pieces of your hair with a Bobby pin and putting a little bit of hair spray. I also recommend doing a deep conditioner and then roller on your hair when straightening. Also flat ironing your hair a little bit to help with frizz. This will help frizz not end it tho.
Misisme20,r91ms1,Humidity possibly
Mobile-Pickle,r91ms1,"Every time I straighten my hair it poufs immediately. What am I doing wrong?&&&&&&I considered this but this happened even while staying in a desert climate (nevada). Would this still be possible?&&&Thank you so much! :)&&&Yes, though this time I didn’t use a flat iron&&&Do you use on wet hair or as a finishing product?&&&Just a heat protectant. I’ve been hesitant with using products as my hair is very fine and gets weighed down easily. 

It’s been hard to find the balance of flowy and bouncy straight hair vs a more stiff result&&&I haven’t been but will try this! Thank you&&&Thank you for your advice!&&&Haha thank you! That’s what it feels like to me too. When I go to a salon i don’t typically have this issue but when it’s up to me I just rock it poofy lol.&&&Thanks so much! Just purchased the john frieda!&&&Any recommendations?&&&Thank you!&&&Thank you! I’ll try this out!&&&Thank you for the tip!&&&Thank u!&&&Wow! Thank you for such a detailed answer. Very helpful advice and your hair is beautiful! Love that color&&&Wash, air dry to to 60% then blowdry heat protectant, blow dry straight using one step by revlon. Sometimes i’ll just blowdry hair to a stretched state and finish with a flat iron and i’ll get just light weight straight hair that poofs up within minutes.&&&Thanks so much!&&&Thanks so much!&&&I haven’t really used products other than a heat protectant because I was afraid of weighing it down&&&Thank you!&&&Thank you so much!&&&Thank you for the tips!"
My13DinosaursRunning,r91ms1,"I had the same! I have naturally curly hair that is hard to straighten. What works great for me is blowdrying my hair and straighten it after that. Make sure you put some oil on your hair after straightening. It will function as a shield to keep water out. Also sleep with a silk pillow or wrap a silk/smooth scarf around your hair. Always wear your hair in a bun when its humid or raining outside to keep it straight without poofing. Put a t-shirt over your hair when showering. Another tip is, only use dry shampoo without water as ingredient."
PurpleCurlGal,r91ms1,"I used to live in Vegas. I KNOW the struggle first hand lol It’s a different kind of humid. It’s the dryness that gets to you. And whatever moisture you have in your hair gets assaulted from the dryness in the air. It was a struggle finding the right balance. I didn’t read ALL the other comments just some so do forgive me if I’m being redundant. I know you mentioned you don’t want a lot of product to weigh your hair down. I had the same concerns. Too much products makes my hair heavy when it’s straight. But just the right amount and it works wonders. 

-I use a cleansing shampoo (tresemme has a good one)

-A moisturizing conditioner (also by tresemme)

-A leave in conditioner (it’s a 10 plus keratin is good - it’s a small bottle but a little expensive)

-Chi heat protectant or any heat protectant of choice- preferably something that contains or emphasizes “silk”. 

- a “blow out spray” would also be beneficial as well

- Apply this to damp hair and blow dry with a comb extension or a paddle brush. 

-Chi silk infusion I believe was mentioned already. This is a game changer. You don’t need much. You can add this to blow dried hair. I section my hair first and then apply like a pea sized amount. A little goes a long way. If you use too much it will cake onto your hair. 

- Then I flat iron. The flat iron brings it altogether honestly. Use a fine tooth comb for your sections and to hold the hair as you flat iron. 

- Shea Moisture Raw Shea Butter Reconstructive Finishing Elixir w/Sea Kelp and Argan Oil as the final touch. Use very very little. Just a few spritz and you’ll be set and shiny. 

Hope this helps! Beautiful curls by the way!"
RgtNow,r91ms1,You are Gorgeous 🥰
TammyFacey,r91ms1,LOOKS GORG!!!
Tinytiddle-3,r91ms1,Try blow drying it first. Try also using hair oil and stuff to help with the frizz from the humidity. Then also iron it and put in a tube for a bit. That might help.
Visiblekarma,r91ms1,I've been natural since 2010 and no matter wha productst I use...my hair fluffs. Some believe in silk presses or light perming (once a year) I don't. My goal is to embrace my natural hair to the fullest. I wait until cold months to straighten my hair. I'm considering it for xmas. Embrace your fluf.
coffeeNcatz,r91ms1,Mine does that if I don’t use high enough heat on my flat iron. I have found the perfect amount of heat for my hair is between 375 and 400. I deep condition the wash before and after straightening and use heat protecting products beforehand also!
crazypandachan,r91ms1,Curious.. do you blow dry before you flat iron?
creakingfloor,r91ms1,you have a really nice smile :)
ewwmang,r91ms1,"I have hair like yours and a similar setup when straightening. 
Wash hair, air or put up in a hair wrap but until about 80%. 60% is not dry enough with how tight our curls are. Then spray with q10 keratin / it’s a ten keratin leave in spray. Brush all over, then Use L’Oréal heat protectant spray while blow drying. I believe you’re not letting your hair get dry enough before blow drying which is causing the humidity to show up afterwards  like your photo. Your hair probably looked dry but it wasn’t dry. This happens to be all the time. I bought one of those hair wrap things to dry my hair until about 80% and keep the tips wet or few-wet them as needed when blow drying."
flirtandflutter,r91ms1,"Is this similar to the Chi Iron Guard spray? I tried the spray when I blow dried my hair recently, and it immediately tangled up my hair something fierce. It was very obvious and immediate. I actually had to wash it out of my hair and start over, I'm wondering if it was all the protein or something in the spray and maybe the serum will be better?"
futurelullabies,r91ms1,Are you using a sealant afterwards? Like an anti humidity spray? Wrap with satin or silk at night? Put it in a Doobie?
gal5pau,r91ms1,"I have curly hair and use one of the mall kiosk “diamond” flat irons on 450 and L’Oréal sleek it spray. (I don’t straighten my hair very often. And I never touch up after initial heat session. I wear a shower cap, etc. When I do, I just stretch it til next wash) I straighten it in paper thin sections. I place a rat tail comb in front of iron so it detangles any possible snags. If I don’t straighten it in small sections like that, my hair gets big. My hair doesn’t stay stick straight but it doesn’t pouf until days later."
gggggrrrrrrrrr,r91ms1,"As someone with similar hair and a similar outcome, all I can assume is that I'm making a mistake by straightening my hair in the first place 🤷🏽‍♀️

I've tried so many different conditioners and humidity-protectorant gels. It worked alright when I was in Colorado, but my hair poufed up immediately anywhere with high humidity."
kalifranks7,r91ms1,"Are you blowing it out first? That is usually key. And making sure to use a heat protectant, blow dry product and an anti humidity product."
kingdomcame,r91ms1,What products are you using? Minimal products with minimal ingredients and a focus on silicones will be your best bet to minimizing frizz. I use silk elements heat protecting spray and the generic version of chi silk just for some softness and shine on my ends. My hair stays however I style it afterward as a result.
plainjanewantnofame,r91ms1,I used to have this problem all the time! What I found helped was that I would wait a day or two between when I would wash and blow dry to when I would use the straightener on my hair. I found giving time for my hair to settle made a huge difference.
robin9898,r91ms1,Need a smoothing creme
swailinha,r91ms1,"hi, i have pretty similar hair to yours and this has always happened to me as well since i was a kid. every time i straighten it depending on the weather it doesn’t last more than 2 days completely straight. I blow dry and then flat iron and i use a little bit of any hair oil so it stays sleek. you’re probably doing nothing wrong it’s maybe the climate and how ur hair adapts to it. maybe the care after u straighten it will help it last longer so like sleeping with a bonnet and maybe a fan or ac on to minimise the natural sweat that comes when ur sleeping because that will also make ur hair reverse faster. :)"
veeayem,r91ms1,"I have very fine hair curly hair and my hair would pouf up like this within a few hours. It wasn't until last month that I changed some of the products I use that my hair stays silky smooth until the next wash day. 

I started using to shampoo that contained protein. I deep condition weekly with the hask argan oil deep conditioner. After washing my hair I spray the Redken one united leave-in/heat protectant and use a drop or two of the John Frieda Frizz Ease extra Smooth serum. On the bottle it says it's for thick and course hair but I am sure that the silkiness is mostly attributed to this. I don't feel like it weighs my hair down. Max heat I use to style my hair is 190c. 

I don't know if it would help you but it really did help me. I do recommend checking out the [John Frieda](https://www.amazon.com/John-Frieda-Nourishing-Treatment-Salon-caliber/dp/B000P9DS4Q) serum."
waboz,r91ms1,"I really really hate poufy hair. My logic is if it is straight I want it to be straight! When I straighten my hair I start with clean hair and good deep conditioning treatment beforehand. Then I put a little bit of leave-in conditioner, a little bit of hair oil, and my heat protectant all over. Then I blow dry using a comb attachment on my blow-dryer. I've found skipping this step is a mistake. It really helps for the hair to dry in a straightened state. I saw in another comment that you are airdrying and that might be part of it. If you want your hair to stay straight, you need to start encouraging that the whole time it is drying. Once it is blowdried, I flat iron in small sections to get the silky smoothness. I use a 2 in flat iron to get my whole head done while ensuring that each section has enough time being flat ironed. I use the comb chasing method, which takes some practice maneuvering, but is especially important for my ends to be perfect. For my roots. I hold the hair taunt and get the flat iron as close as possible to my scalp and hold it there for a moment. For each section I usually start with doing the roots (holding the hair in the section tight), but don't do a full pass, then I come back to to do the comb chasing method, starting a little bit away from the root, but since my flat iron is 2 in there is some overlap and do a slow pass through the section. I will sometimes follow up with a second quick pass on the section usually starting in the middle of the section and focusing more on the ends. During the flat ironing process I will add hair oil as needed. For me the key to hair that doesn't revert is anti-humidity heat protectant (this is where you absolutely want silicones. There is no way around that) + hair oil. Think about it. You want to seal everything out. You want your hair to have a nice layer on top to keep the humidity from affecting it.

Here are the products I am currently using:
- leave-in: honestly I don't think this matters much. I'm not very loyal, but lately I've been using Creme of Nature Coconut Milk Curl Repair Leave-in
-hair oil: Carol's Daughter Mimosa Hair Honey (starts solid, but liquidfies in your hands. I like that it is very light and a small amount goes a long way)
-heat protectant SGX Blaze (I was using the lotion, but recently when I searched for it I saw there is a spray and I think the lotion might be getting phased out. I love love love this heat protectant, so I plan to try the spray. This is the most important product in the routine to me, so if you don't like your results, I'd start by switching this up. I've tried a few before landing on this one)
I also use Dove Flexible Hold Hair Spray occasionally and it is great because it is light and leaves no residue or stiffness. By the next day I can't even tell I used it as long as I just give a light spray. I mostly use this if I am curling it. In the past I've used IC Fantasia Heat Protecting SPRAY (NOT serum). The spray is a light oil heat protectant. The serum is way too thick. I only started using something else because I moved and I usually find this at a true beauty supply store, but where I live now Target and Sally are more accessible and I don't like ordering hair products online.

Finally, each night I tie down my hair. I have a long rectangular scarf. I don't think this would work well with a square. I lay the scarf on top on my head. I loosely divide it into 2 sections (doesn't have to be perfect at all. I just use my hand to section it. I hold each section in the scarf ends like a taco and my hair is the filling. And I tie the scarf together on top of my head. One section ends up being on top and one on the bottom. I try to switch which is which every other night. This keeps from too many weird bends in it when I wake up in the morning. My flat ironed hair usually lasts 2 weeks. I try not to use heat except for one refresh at the end of the first week. Sometimes the second week I will do more flat twists and buns if it is not looking as great. My hair stays bouncy and moves well and is never stiff.
Here are a couple of picture of my hair: https://imgur.com/a/iJdGolI The curled one is freshly done hair. The other one is probably a week old and you can see it has some bends to it, but I usually just roll with those. (sorry it is kind of bad quality. It was a weird picture where a mirror caught the back of my hair, but then I had to zoom in a ton to crop out the rest of the picture)"
Angelinapatina,r91drz,"When using a deep conditioner, do you follow up with a regular conditioner after or do you just shampoo, deep condition and then style?&&&I’m a little confused because I don’t deep condition my hair that often but I want to today. I usually just wash, condition and style. Do you choose one or the other when it comes to conditioning vs deep conditioning?&&&That’s what I figured. I plan to use a deep conditioner with protein in it this time.&&&Okay thanks&&&I’ve decided to just shampoo and condition. I think my hair needs protein so I’m trying out Giovanni Smooth As Silk Conditioner. 

It’s bad enough that it takes me hours to wash and style my hair. I don’t think I want to add another half an hour to that by deep conditioning. I just spent two hours detangling, and now I’m finally about to shampoo."
CurlyQuen,r91drz,"Shampoo, deep conditioner then style"
EloquentElixir,r91drz,"I just shampoo and deep condition then style. Personally, I think conditioning then deep conditioning is overkill and doesn't provide much if any difference"
Obsidian_rose404,r91drz,"Yes just shampoo, DC, then style"
flirtandflutter,r91drz,"I do, but I also don't use deep conditioners as directed. Most say to shampoo, then apply deep conditioner for 5 - 10 minutes, then rinse. I always apply DC before I shower to dampened hair and leave it in for at least an hour, sometimes 2 or 3, under a plastic cap. I just don't think 5 - 10 minutes in the shower is enough for it to really absorb and do anything. After a few hours I wash out the DC and then do my regular wash routine (shampoo, rinse out conditioner, leave in conditioner)."
justfloating_,r91drz,I just shampoo condition and then style. Deep conditioning is a treatment for when your hair has a problem. I’ve not deep conditioned for 10 months and my hairs the healthiest it’s ever been
Obsidian_rose404,r903hf,I’ve only used one of their products but Trepadora is a UK based brand I’ve heard great things about.
justfloating_,r903hf,"I mainly get them online but brands I use are trepadora, innersense, uncle funkys. There’s a technique to using these products well but I really do love them."
xxxbueatyb,r903hf,"What good natural hair products can I find in the uk?&&&Most of the recommended products from my go to youtubers aren't where I am, so I wanted to know good natural hair products in the uk since I'm quite tired of Cantu drying out my hair"
