index,id,comments
Fairybellls,mnd4ve,"Wavy hair&&&Hey :) I just need some advice on my hair I've tried every single route possible.

It has a natural wave.. And I have oily roots. I'm trying to find a haircare regime that will hold my waves consistently and a shampoo and conditioner that will work for this too, oh I always airdry my hair too :) 

Thankyou for all your help!!"
GapNew2875,mnd4ve,"I’m not a hair expert tbh lol, but my sister gets natural waves too and my mother usually puts gel to keep it in"
DotHOHM,mnbqfg,"They really out here arguing 4c can't grow get long?

Now that's some serious foolishness. 

The hell are we spreading bs like that still. 

Anyway, there are corkscrew/slinky-like coils and zig zag coils. Both can be small enough in diameter to be considered 4c to me. But I don't use that hair typing system. 

One of those hair texures curls, even if it is suuuuper tiny curls. The other, the ""L"" shape hair strand (is what it is called in the LOIS hair typing system I like to use) does not. Because it doesn't curl, it bends. Thus sometimes being called ""kinky"" hair. A kink is another word for bend. Like a kink in the water hose. 

People with L shape hair strugle because they don't have as many role models/possitive space as all the other LOIS hair strands, but it is possible to have healthy, long hair with 4C/""L"" type hair. 

It's also degraded pretty hard even in the ""movment, witch is way they seem so defensive and quick to call someone thriving a fraud. I don't condone it, but I understand where I comes from. 

Sorry you caught the wrong side of some disgruntled natruals."
Finehaircoily,mnbqfg,"Hi. You mentioned that you use Olaplex. Are you using their mask (#8) and the smoother (#6)? I ask because I purchased Olaplex before and returned it because it had Dimethicone, which can be a really tough silicone to remove from your hair. Over time it weighs down your hair making it tougher to get moisture into your hair and also harder to determine your curl pattern.  Was just curious if you experienced anything like this while using their products. Either way your hair looks good."
Intelligent_Estate38,mnbqfg,Now who’s dumb ass said that’s not 4c?
Itsureissomethin,mnbqfg,"Yeah that looks like textbook 4c hair, and just beautiful!"
LaWondertwin,mnbqfg,I think it’s all about moisture and defining. I have one part of my hair that looks like 4c but most of my hair looks like 4A. I think it doesn’t curl the same because it’s dry.
M_Aku,mnbqfg,"People forget that there are other factors that can make 4c hair look different on different people. There's porosity, density,  moisture, thickness of the hair strand. Short 4c hair is going to look different than longer 4c because its weighed down. Products and styling can also change the appearance. At the end of the day you know your own hair best."
MeetTheBrewers,mnbqfg,"I’ve been told by a few people that I don’t have 4c hair. If 4c hair has any type of curl or starts to retain length it’s no longer 4c. Our hair is not just one type it has a multitude of textures and curl patterns. But I’m genuinely curious what do you see 4b or 4c?&&&&&&A few people. I’m trying to figure out how they know my hair better than me. 🤔&&&Thank you so much! I could not give you an honest answer on that because I just started using it. But so far I’m loving the way my hair feels and my curls look. My hair is stronger, I’m looking forward to seeing what else it will do for my hair.  The Dimethicone doesn’t really bother me to be honest. I feel the benefits far out weigh that in my opinion. I wash my hair weekly, so I’m not too concerned with build up or products not getting to my strands. The bond builder in the products should be enough to keep your hair strong and healthy between wash days. I just purchased 8 so I’m still waiting for that to arrive. Other than that I use everything except #7. I say it doesn’t hurt to give it a fair try.&&&I have to disagree but thanks for the feedback. I use the most intense moisturizing shampoos and conditioners including Camille Rose and the whole Olaplex system. Most of these pictures are fresh after wash day. Fresh out of the shower my hair looks the same way I have coils and I have some looser  
curls. The reality is I’m probably a mix of 4B/4C with 4C being my dominant pattern."
blackpino,mnbqfg,"I don't think people believe 4c hair can't grow, I think they don't believe that it can be defined into medium sized curls.  The typing system is majorly flawed anyway so I wouldn't stress about it."
Ashtothelight,mnb6bo,"Rocking it either way!

Also who's your dog friend?"
MariposaMarie_,mnb6bo,"Big chop!! Waist length hair to TWA&&&&&&His name is Jackson!&&&I cackled! Yea, it’s an odd feeling that I’m still getting used to lol. I am loving wash days tho.. 2 hrs turned into 20 minutes :)&&&A bit of context... I went natural about 5/6 years ago! I’ve had long hair a large majority of my life and transitioned. Before I cut my hair, I was sitting on the decision for almost 2 years!! If you’re thinking about it... this is your sign, do it!! No regrets!"
SleepieSheepie8,mnb6bo,Your hair is beautiful in every pic 💞but it’s the SKIN for me😍 it’s so even and you are gorgeous😊
cocolanoire,mnb6bo,It looks beautiful long and short. Can I have the chopped up part? Joke. Your head and neck probably feel super light and breezy right?
Crabbycakescrab,mnb0je,How do y’all feel about biotin?&&&Better to have hair products with it in them? Or to take supplements?
StudioSisu,mnb0je,I take biotin in liquid form because it’s more effective and my hair has grown twice as fast.
ToshinaeLetrice,mnb0je,Love it! Definitely helped when i first started my natural hair journey. Makes your hair stronger for less breakage
Dubem-sama,mn9klc,Is there a name for the bun style with some hair at the front and the rest in the actual bun? Looked so cold on you.
LaWondertwin,mn9klc,Love the shape of your hair!
Rh3anna,mn9klc,Some styles I did this week 😊&&&&&&Honestly idk jus saw it on Pinecrest and was like. YUP!
Afropxlchritude,mn8zd5,"Love when my twist out gives what it needs to give 🥺&&&&&&🥺🥺🥺 you are the sweetest, thank you so much&&&Thank so much 😭
I usually never have definition like this is a twist out! I think it only started happening after I got a trim!&&&Thank you!! ☺️&&&You’re amazing!!&&&😂😂 omg I’m so honored to have this title, THANK YOU!!&&&So sweet! I don't really have a routine, tbh.. I'm super busy in school and do what I can. I just try to make sure it's moisturized and sealed in with oil. When I wash it takes a very long time and I finger detangle gently. I wash my hair when life permits and when I have energy. I try to keep my ends protected and sealed. Lately, I've tried to make sure I keep up on trims since I have the new goal of having it be long *and* even.&&&Hi! I don’t really hair type, when it’s wet though I would say it’s 4a.

I’m low porosity, with mostly medium but a few fine strands and have thick density&&&Hmm I actually don’t know how many twists I did! I just made sure it was enough that I couldn’t see any gaps while it was in twists. So for the twist out, I didn’t have to fluff or separate at all

For products, I think I used miche twisting butter and castor oil! I washed with Giovanni deep moisturizing shampoo and conditioner. I left the twists in for like probably a week!"
Any-Construction785,mn8zd5,What your hair type?
Beautiful-Pop-9285,mn8zd5,Cutie!
Bee132__,mn8zd5,Girl you are so beautiful 🥺🥺
BoxedBoobs,mn8zd5,"This is the sort of twist out of my dreams but my hair isn’t thick enough, so I need to fluff it out which compromises definition. Very cute and I’m super happy for you!"
FandomRaccoon,mn8zd5,"You look so cute like that, I wish my hair was like that"
SleepieSheepie8,mn8zd5,Wait but it’s the confidence and the smile for me sis.🤔😍 Your hair is so healthy and alive. Do you mind sharing your routine?😊
SoloMuffin,mn8zd5,"Beautiful.  Just beautiful.  Afropxlchritude... the natural hair whisperer.    This is one of the best twist outs I have ever seen,"
Sperez04,mn8zd5,I wish I had ya definition 😩😩
Wanderlust1101,mn8zd5,🤗❤️😍🥰💋😘 Lovely!
ethicalassbitch,mn8zd5,Amazing!!
itsrik9,mn8zd5,"You are killing it! How many twists did you do? I never feel like I make the right number of twists. Also, want to share your products as well?"
omgidfk123,mn8zd5,Lol I was thinking the same thing
sandycheeks72,mn8zd5,You and your hair are so pretty!😊
MeetTheBrewers,mn6ut5,This is what defined 4c hair looks like. I love my curls. 🙌🥰&&&
closedmouths,mn6ut5,Bomb twist out/braid out!!😍🔥
Finehaircoily,mn6a23,Great definition. Super cute.
MeetTheBrewers,mn6a23,"Listen! Ladies with 4c hair if you’re struggling with your twist outs try using a curling jelly. Heavy butters and creams did not work for me. My hair always felt dry, was flat with no definition. I used Uncle Funky’s Daughter on wet hair, twisted and let dry overnight. My curls are popping!&&&"
Missgenius44,mn6a23,When I go to a curling salon they always use uncle funky it does wonders on our hair
annecjb1,mn6a23,I now swear by Uncle Funky’s Daughter with Wetline on top!
Sandwichbozo,mn51xa,"It all depends on the stylist you go to. Braids, when done with care , won't hurt your haired, it'll actually grow it instead. Before getting your hair braided let the stylist know what you want first. Don't let the braider braid too tight, that's what causes breakage(tension may depend on the style, box braids and cornrows in my experience have a lot more tension done since you have to braid close to the scalp, doesn't mean that your hair will break  but be careful). Its your money and time that your spending so voice any concerns you have, no matter how small. If the stylist has an issue with that you can take your money and patronage somewhere that will treat you and your hair with care. Weither or not you wash/ do anything to your hair before depends on your stylist as well. Some stylists want you to come as you are to assess your hair , while others will want you to come with your hair washed and blow dried, it all depends. If you both decided on the 2nd option, then moisturization is the way to go. Your hair is going to be couped up in a style for weeks so moisturization is key. When washing your hair make sure you scalp is 100% clean, I use a shampoo with sulfates after I pree poo, to get rid of everything but not completely dry out my hair. Add a moisturizing conditioner/ deep conditioner and your all set. Make sure to use a heat protectant if your blow-drying ( this step isn't mandatory but some stylists may ask you to come with it blowdried or stretched) and get your braids done. Hoped this helped. Let me know if you have any questions."
cosmicstar91,mn51xa,"Will getting medium sized box braids installed mess up my curly hair?&&&Hello,

I shaved my head back in November 2020 so over the past couple of months I've seen my natural curls grow and it's is simply amazing. I just wash my hair and condition and then put eco styler gel in it.. 

In early May, I have an appointment to get my hair braided. Will getting box braids installed damage my curly hair? Right now I'm rocking a TWA but I wanted to get my hair done for an upcoming event I am attending.


Also, do I need to prep my hair before going to the salon?

 I don't want to blow dry my hair (trying to avoid heat), so I am thinking about washing it, then air dry it and then comb it out  the night before or the day of so the beautician is able to grab as much hair as she can.

Any advice?

Thanks"
DotHOHM,mn3wad,"I'm looking forward to trying it but no, sorry I haven't tried it."
dreamboogie,mn3wad,"Has anyone tried the EZDetangler Dryer Brush?&&&This: https://ezdetanglerbrush.com/products/dryer_detangler_bfcm?fbclid=IwAR3ntuRuTXm4FBzwLm7zTWm43Hkd6mQUcHfJDUE0syaRJazIGpXl3sYTEc8#

I’m wondering if it gets hot enough to potentially cause heat damage? I haven’t used heat in 2 years and my hair is doing great so trying to be careful but this product looks so easy to use for stretching out hair.

Curious if anyone has had good experiences with this brush. Thanks!"
ElleyG,mn0yky,"I had the same issue and found out I also had hypothyroidism and anemia. I also started feeling better ~2wks on meds, but hair takes longer for a difference to be noted. OP, I assumed it was stress too, but other things can be happening."
InTooDee,mn0yky,"I feel the need to mention this cuz the same thing happened to me at the same age. It’s unlikely this is the case, I know a lot of people with breakage at the crown, myself included even after my hair is a lot healthier (it’s definitely better than it was tho!) but 

Do you have any hypo/hyperthyroid symptoms or antibodies? Around when I was 16 my hair started breaking off at the crown, and then everywhere else but that’s always where it was the worst. It eventually became thin and I went to a hair specialist and got a biopsy and she told me my hair follicles were healthy and it wasn’t actually a “bald spot” but just really thin hair. I knew I had the antibodies for it but I felt as though I didn’t have any symptoms for years when in actuality I had just had it for so long I thought it was normal. 

Again, I’m definitely not suggesting this is the cause of your breakage! I don’t want to scare you lol
I just wish someone had mentioned this to me, the breakage and “bald spot” were the first really noticeable signs that something was wrong, and I wanted to spread some awareness. 

If you feel as though you aren’t suffering from any other symptoms then you’re likely good! In that case I’m sorry I can’t help much more than that!"
apersonlmao,mn0yky,"Extreme breakage in the crown area along with sensitivity&&&I’m not sure how to help it honestly. I’m 16 and there is a small bald spot there along with extreme breakage. The hair around it is about a inch long. I oil it almost everyday with a oil mixture and I message the spot frequently but it seems like it isn’t getting any better. 

The rest of my hair goes to my collarbone and I wear protective hairstyles a lot. My hair is 4b and is high porosity. I’m still learning about natural hair so i may be doing things incorrectly. I’m open to any suggestions at this point since I’d rather have my hair be healthy. I’ve gone to the dermatologist about it and she says my scalp appears to be healthy so im assuming I’m doing something incorrectly.

Also I’m only 16"
bexyrex,mn0yky,"I'm not the op but i started having the same problems around puberty and it's been terrible my whole life. I just found out that I have mild hypothyroidism which explains why I'm tired a lot, cold easily, and the constant hear breakage despite decent hair care. I only just started medication a week ago but I'm hoping to see results in a year or so."
Rich_Plastic_4407,mn0noq,Invest in wigs/ sew ins . The best way to grow hair is to not touch it or have tension on it for long periods of time.
carleyroseb,mn0noq,"Need advice for hair growth .&&&Hey everyone so my hair type is 4c and I'm so tired of wearing braid extensions to grow my hair , is there any way I can grow my hair without having to get my hair braided . 🥺&&&Thank you 😊&&&Thanks so much for this it means alot 🥺💕"
chikn_nuggit,mn0noq,There are plenty of things you can do at home without a hassle. Massage your scalp every time you wash to promote bloodflow and stimulate your follicles. A scalp brush can do wonders as well. Keep your scalp oiled regularly with something close to the consistency of your sebum. Simple protective styles like two- and three-strand twists and braids will let you leave your hair alone for a while and you can enjoy the curly texture when if you let down your hair or do a puff for a couple more days before washing again. Stretching your protective style even after taking them down can cut down on manipulation in the long run. Try a protein deep conditioner treatment once a month as needed to boost elasticity of your strands and trim at least a few times a year to get rid of dead ends. Too many dead ends will stunt hair growth and make it harder to retain your length. Minimize heat in favor of stretching your hair and other heatless blowout methods to lessen the risk of heat damage and stringy ends. Hope these help!
jas0094,mn0noq,Going to a curly hair specialist is probably the best way to know what you should do and the best way to not get wrong info cause there's a lot of there lol cause everyone has different advice and we all have different hair so you might pick up advice that doesn't work for you
mooshu1x2,mn0noq,"Your hair is growing, but it can be possible that it is breaking off at the ends. This can appear like your hair is not growing. The best thing you can do is identify why your hair is breaking and then develop a plan to fix it. This may be consulting with an hair specialist or re-evaluating your current hair routine."
BeybladeOrBurst,mmzl3u,"Watch this BEFORE you buy a WOODEN HAIR COMB || Don't Buy The Wrong Hair Tool, You'll Be Upset&&&"
Black_Hunter101,mmwos3,I thought this was women’s hair style ?
DeadMan_Walking,mmwos3,Way longer than I expected. The shrinkage is real. Impressive!
JoBrosHoes93,mmwos3,Amazing
RogueAssociate,mmwos3,You look so cute with the knots! But I also like them out. You have beautiful hair.
SoloMuffin,mmwos3,Love those curls!
Sperez04,mmwos3,"Left these two-strand twist Bantu knots on my hair for about a month and did a twist out on wash day, yesterday&&&&&&Yes I did the twisting....but my moms had did the sections for me&&&Good looks&&&If anyone got any tips on how I could achieve a better definition, please let me know 😩😩&&&Not really……..plus people like Kodak Black, for example, used this method as starter locs

Natural hair styles aren’t really based on genders my guy"
courtappoint,mmwos3,That twist-out is glorious!
fortunoso,mmwos3,A month!? did you do them yourself? I would love to have a protective style that holds up as clean as that over that long a time frame
medalton,mmwos3,They look great!!
Bayou_Siren,mmvtyh,I used to use the Aussie 3 min miracle for detangling (along with other products) and I liked it! I currently use the Mielle leave-in and it keeps my hair really soft for 3-4 days.
Feisty-Conflict-9547,mmvtyh,I’m loving Mielle lately. They make my hair feel good and they are very moisturizing to my scalp. Plus they’re reasonable in price
beautifulmix83,mmvtyh,Skip the oils and any hair products with oils in the first 3 Ingredients. Hair doesn't need that much oil. Btw aussie 3 min miracle is awesome!
blackporsche22,mmvtyh,"I've been using Aussie for years, haven't come across a better shampoo and conditioner but I don't recommend their styling products."
derelictdisco,mmvtyh,"I’ve used the OGX argan oil shampoo and I’m not a fan, it dried my hair out a lot"
happyhippoking,mmvtyh,"The Aussie and Mielle products are really moisturizing. My hair doesn't agree with any OGX product. The oils are standard for hot oil treatments or sealing in moisture, but I feel like all oils work the same."
irvingkaa,mmvtyh,i think ive tried the aussie moisture deep conditioner and it made my hair really soft but not the best results. It was during my transitioning era so i feel like i couldve probably got the best out of it if i was natural! (Type 4b)
knicoleee7,mmvtyh,"Any positive reviews on these products?&&&&&&Awesome , thank you I haven't used either of them before&&&I'm gonna try one of the deep conditioners!&&&Yeah I just did some research and heavy oils aren't good for low porosity , I feel bad I bought the products without knowing. I'm gonna use them bc I bought them though."
margoseyeball,mmvtyh,The Mielle is my favorite leave-in ever. I also love their deep conditioners.
souldesu,mmvtyh,"I've got 3C/4A hair and I recently tried the Mielle Leave in Conditioner and the matching gel and I despise them. After two days it looked like I hadn't done my hair in a week (very frizzy, no definition). 

But I have tried that aussie deep conditioner (or one of them, if there are different ones) and left it in for an hour and was really pleased with the results though I wouldn't say it's the best deep conditioner I've used. I think I might try their shampoo and conditioners once I need new products."
subway_eatflesh,mmvtyh,Mielle and Aussi are really moisturizing
AdmirableProposal,mmuei6,"There are several things you can do. Choose the method best for you and your budget. No matter what, you need to wash with a chelating./clarifying shampoo. Best ones are Sally's brand of swimmers shampoo and Kenra grapefruit one. 

1. Get a water softening filter. There are many ways to do this from portable to whole house systems. They even make ones that attach to that shower head. Just remember to add in cost for filter replacement. 

2. Put a shower cap on when showering and only use distill water to wash hair. 

3. Find products that work with the hard water and use a chelating/acv rinse about once a month to reduce build up. 

It is important to be aware you are fighting buildup on your hair and scalp. Lack of moisture is what is causing the breakage. Remove the build up, combat it and stay moisturized. Glycerin and aloe vera work very well to moisture the hair, even in bad conditions. DC only with soft water. An leave in with marshmallow root in the ingredients. Castor oil or squalene to seal. 

Good luck!"
BlueMaroonLaflare,mmuei6,Sorry this happened to you. My experience with hard water damage was skin related not hair. This was back when I went away for college and I hated showering in the dorm room. Hopefully some drop conditioning helps.
Kunal-lohana,mmuei6,"Did you experience hair fall due to hard water? 

If yes, did your hair grow back from the scalp they fell earlier?"
Rainbows_2,mmuei6,What is hard water?
SquirrelExterm07,mmuei6,Which filter did you get? I'm looking to get one for my apartment.
StarChildArt,mmuei6,"Yeah, grew up on a well and the pH is like 10.2. Alkaline water tends to be hard. I just got a shower filter off Amazon"
Wanderlust1101,mmuei6,"I have friends that have. One is in San Francisco ( she has locs but the water ruined her skin) and the other in Philadelphia ( messed with her scalp she is a short natural and skin). You need a shower filter specifically for hard water. You can use a Multipure or Aquasana filter for your kitchen sink. I am sorry your are going through this. In the meantime I would wash your hair with distilled water or use a chelating shampoo until the shower filter comes. Your final rinse can be 1/4-1/2 cup acv in 1 gallon of water. The smell will go away as it dries. I would deep condition weekly. If you can get to a stylist, get a trim."
closedmouths,mmuei6,I have a portable water softener and let me just say that a chelating shampoo and those shower head filters are no comparison.
dream_ily,mmuei6,You can try a chelating shampoo once a month and a water filter for your shower
favouriteblues,mmuei6,"I am going through the exact same thing. I thought it was excessive protein but now I’m not so sure. I’m getting breakage, my hair is falling out and thinning, I even have multiple bald spots. It can’t stay moisturised either. I suspected hard water issues but the water in my city is supposed to be fairly soft so I’m just confused.  If you find a solution, I’d appreciate if you can share"
gomjung_gumijo,mmuei6,I ended up getting a filter for the shower and my hair responded really well to it. I live in the desert so my skin and hair were always super dry until I got the filter.
happyhippoking,mmuei6,"It's water with a high mineral content (calcium and magnesium carbonates, bicarbonates, sulfates). You can check if your state has hard water. You can test it yourself with hardness strips as well. A shower filter or a water softener will solve problems with hair and skin. Shampoo regularly with a shampoo with EDTA (most cheap sulfate shampoos have them) and you'll be fine."
leahjack333,mmuei6,Has anyone gone through hard water damage? PLEASE SHARE Photos taken 1.5 yr apart. Hard water used for about 8 months w/o my knowledge.&&&&&&I really hope this gets some attention. I was struggling all 2020 with my hair breaking off frantically. Wondering where I was going wrong. I started getting so insecure bc I couldn’t even put my hair in a ponytail! Now I know the cause but I have no idea how to repair or if I can save my hair&&&Because every thing I tried never worked. My hair was constantly dry no matter what. The breakage was so severe that if I barely touched my hair it will break in half. No trims worked. Going back to basic hair product didn’t work. Going to a salon didn’t work. My hair felt the same and was breaking off right in front of my face and I didn’t know why!&&&I live in Washington state now and the water is fine here. I’m just wondering if there are more steps&&&I’m not using hard water. I moved from MD to WA&&&But thank you for the reply&&&What will it do&&&I moved from MD to WA so I’m only worried about the restoration process. The water isn’t an issue now but thank you!&&&Look and see if soft water can cause issues as well&&&I moved from MD to WA so I’m only worried about the restoration process. The water isn’t an issue now but thank you!&&&UPDATE: I did one olaplex treatment with an ACV rinse and it worked AMAZING!!!! I’ll continue to do them but my hair is almost back to it’s original strength and texture!!!
lonette5115,mmuei6,Have you looked into a cider vinegar rinse?
medalton,mmuei6,"Hard water is water that has small amounts of minerals and chemicals (like calcium and fluoride) that slowly builds up over time (like the calcium deposits that form on your shower head or faucets). 

It's very common in most households/buildings and generally isn't harmful to consume unless the city or town you live in doesn't treat the water well, at which point it could be very harmful (think Flint). As far as cleaning your body goes, the minerals and chemicals can have an effect on your hair, skin, and even teeth (fluoride was originally added to public water to prevent tooth decay). It's always worthwhile to ask your landlord about what's going on with the water (or, if you're in the process of buying a house, ask about the water). 

You can buy filters for both your kitchen sink and your shower head to treat the water you consume and wash yourself with (and those devices aren't too expensive). You can also buy an water softener that will treat the water for your entire house (but those tend to be worth hundreds of dollars)."
musicbreather,mmuei6,"Yes, I got a special showerhead and filter from Vitamin Shoppe. My daughter’s hair was affected too but once we got the filter it improved over time."
raptorclvb,mmuei6,Clarifying with hard water shampoo would help. Then deep conditioning. But you might have to cut off some of the damage
that_girl_there409,mmuei6,How did you eventually figure out that it was hard water damage?&&&Genuinely curious. Can you break down what you mean?
txgal_,mmuei6,sorry if I sound stupid but what is hard water and how do you know if you're using it cause now I'm scared 😭
Kaypee7452,mmms3e,Which olaplex?
Mean_Tomatillo_9499,mmms3e,Wow. This is a big difference. I've been hearing great things about Olaplex. Did you go through several steps or was this the result of a single product?
MeetTheBrewers,mmms3e,"I used Olaplex for the first time today on my 4c high porosity hair. This is the amount of hair I lost using Olaplex vs what I typically use. I had significantly less shedding and my hair feels so supple and soft.&&&&&&I went though several steps which was really simple. It’s not as complicated as it sounds. I use the whole system.&&&Through Olaplex’s website. They sell on Amazon too it seems authentic but felt more comfortable ordering directly from their site.&&&I have the whole line except #7. Just ordered #8.&&&I have the whole line except number 7. I just ordered 8 so I’m not sure how that works yet. If you don’t want to invest in the whole line yet. I would for sure stick with 0 and 3. The have the highest amount of their patented ingredient and probably offers the most benefit. I absolutely love the conditioner though. It has so much slip, I’ve never detangled my hair so fast. It just melted into my hair."
UsernamesHurt,mmms3e,That is definitely 4c
excelzombie,mmms3e,"Which olaplex product? I am looking forward to getting some in the sephora sale. Namely 0 squirt bottle, 3 cream, and maybe the new 8 mask but not sure."
floydthebarber94,mmms3e,4C? That does not look like 4C
leahjack333,mmms3e,How did you get it?
louietheblondepom,mmms3e,I looveee olaplex no 3 but for 100 ml they run out very quickly only last for about 5 usage lol definitely worth it tho! The conditioner is amazing too. They made my strands stronger and i rarely experience breakage ever since i have them on my routine
