index,id,comments
Tiffanetic,lf24es,Wet Vs Dry🧡&&&
Alone_Jellyfish_7968,lf0f3z,Wow on having a Dyson hairdryer! Is it a game changer?
LaWondertwin,lf0f3z,"Experimented using Dyson blow dryer to give Day 1 Wash n Go a little stretch.&&&&&&Washed with Miele Shampoo followed by EcoSlay deep conditioner. For stylers, UFD topped with Ecoslay Jell-O shot. Also used Ecoslay leave in conditioner before stylers.&&&It really is. I know it’s expensive buy definitely worth the price.&&&Thank you 😊&&&Thank you! I sit under a hair dryer for about an hour first; then I diffuse the damp areas with blow dryer. To stretch it, I used the nozzle attachment for 10 seconds per section.&&&Awww...thank you!"
RandHort,lf0f3z,You are a beautiful woman
SoloMuffin,lf0f3z,Those curls are beautiful.   Pretty lady and that skin is flawless!
Tiffanetic,lf0f3z,Love it!
medalton,lf0f3z,Looks incredible!
spectrum-in,lf0f3z,"Your curls are gorgeous! Do you use a diffuser attachment, or just the dryer itself?"
Fantastic_Relief,leziyd,"Friends don't understand why they can't just drop by in the middle of braid take down&&&&&&Just had a little chuckle to myself and had to tell a little lie to get out of my friends stopping by. I'm in the middle of taking out my braids and they just happen to be in the city today. Wanted to stop by. Any other day it would've been fine. I could've cleaned the house up real quick. Obviously there's no quick way to finish unbraiding everything. So I lied and said i was at work. (Yes these friends are white).&&&I can usually get it done in 1 day if I'm focused but this time I'm going on 3 days since I'm not feeling well. Gonna have to wear a scarf to work today and just hope I don't get too many stupid people asking questions 

When it comes to my white friends it's easier to lie. I've tried telling them the truth before and all i get is disbelief and barrage of tests about black hair. I wasn't in the mood for that this time around."
LavenderScented_Gold,leziyd,"Braid take downs are no joke. It’s usually a week long thing for me, depending on the size.

FYI, you don’t have to lie about taking out your braids. If they don’t understand, that’s on them."
onefourthtexan,leziyd,"GIRL.
I’m crying. 

That’s hilarious, I would have just told them I don’t have time for visitors today, and say “next time” to anyone who couldn’t take the hint. 

Takedown is a whole damn weekend for me so I felt this x”D"
BuffNoobL,lcia64,"How often to use this?&&&&&&Aqua, propylene glycol, butyrospermum parkii butter, polyquaternium-37, propylene glycol dicaprylate/dicraprate. First five ingredients 
I wash my hair every monday
I use any shampoo
I use mainly cantu conditioner leave in
 im not really styling my hair I just use a twist sponge"
IIIThreat,lcia64,"What’s in the first five ingredients? 

How often do you wash/condition schedule like?

What type of shampoo(s) do you use to wash your hair, and when do you use that type of shampoo?

What type of conditioner do you use to seal water in your hair?

What type of style are you using it for, and WHERE in the styling process are you using it (layering products for a desired affect, or style)?"
Best_Satisfaction505,lci5np,"Not necessarily. Granted bleach is the worst but still coloring your hair is adding chemicals to the hair which changes the makeup of the hair. So even going dark, though not nearly as bad as light will causing some drying. I say if anything go dark and maybe use Olaplex with it so that the hairs bonds can be treated while being processed. Afterwards I’d be sure and do deep conditioning treatments often."
EEOA,lci5np,Bleach is what damages hair. As long as there’s no bleach in it (there shouldn’t be cause you’re going black) you’re good
MisterSkurr,lci5np,I'm not sure if they have black but I've seen Lime Crime's products firsthand and they don't do any damage to the hair. You can check them out
Quotesofthebanshee,lci5np,the adore brand is pretty good
arachnodipshit,lci5np,"try arctic fox transylvania, since it's semi permanent it doesn't have any ammonia in it and it is basically pigmented conditioner. so it will repair your hair a bit"
friedbrusselsprout,lci5np,Dyed my hair this light brown a few months ago and I think I wanna dye it back to black. Is there a black hair dye that won't damage my hair or should I just let it grow out?&&&
kanzanoor588,lchuo2,Homemade egg shampoo&&&
BluebirdMaster,lchlxq,They look great. I have nothing else to add.
Mila411,lchlxq,Stunning😍! Need to learn this for my next protective styling!
Not_a_bot9587,lchlxq,"Great job!!! next time, try adding some color. I bet it would look just as nice"
WorthyLocks,lchlxq,"Cute hair, cute outfit, cute face, cute phone....

Criticism: You're making it REALLY hard for me to be lazy about how I look when you got it all off the hook and shit 😜"
ZeldaInDisguise,lchlxq,"First time passion twists done myself - constructive criticism?&&&&&&Omg thank you 🥺 I’m a little self conscious because I’ve never had these done before but I love seeing twists on other girls&&&Thank you&&&Thanks so much&&&Ooh this sounds fun! Maybe red....?&&&Thanks so much! I got my case from yesstyle&&&It was actually a brand on Amazon - I’ll find the link&&&Define natural hair, sweetness. And then you tell me."
awdeedee,lchlxq,You look beautiful 🤩 and wanted to say I’m in love with that outfit!
bluebunnihoney,lchlxq,They look great to me!
humpman23xoxo,lchlxq,wow!!
satanic_panic_90,lchlxq,"They look amazing!! I’ve been doing my own braids for around 7 years and still can’t get the hang of twists, I’m jealous!!"
thatuserdoesntexist-,lchlxq,What type of hair did you use?
tsandtw7,lchlxq,Is this page for people with natural hair or people with “all types of hair”?
xiahe,lchlxq,"Random-- I love your case! Where did you get it?

Your hair looks great as well!"
IIIThreat,lc9agz,"👨🏿‍🎓 I’m not a huge fan of hydrate-and-defines (wash-n-go’s) for my hair, but I wanted to do one today to show everyone that one head of hair can’t simply be defined by letters and numbers. Various patterns and textures on one head of hair...and I need a trim. 😅&&&&&&That’s exactly why hair typing, in the way that is common, is absolutely useless when thinking about how to wash, condition, and style the hair. There’s so much more to our hair than a letter, and a number."
fvcklife_love,lc9agz,"🙃Oh, I completely understand! Each chart says my hair is a different curl pattern😬!!"
zeebabe22,lc9agz,Exactly I have three different curl patterns and they reside on the same strands as well
Dismal-Ad-934,lc6pf6,This. I moved to an area with hard water it took me about a year before I realize it was the reason my hair was dull and lifeless I got a filter for my showerhead and that was a game changer.
IIIThreat,lc6pf6,"Y’all, reading Wash Your Damn Hair, and The Science of Black Hair - and doing the 30 day hair detox - changed my LIFE, and my hair. 
Keep in mind that moisture comes from water, and water is supplied during your washing and conditioning process. Conditioning IS you sealing in the moisture - water - from your wash. If done correctly, you should only have to “moisturize” on your wash days, and how often you wash depends on several factors, but can be anywhere from 2-7 days. The issue that is run into with our hair so many times is that we have buildup on our hair that prevents moisture (again, water... not a product, or special process) from being able to absorb into our strands. This is what makes our hair feel dry. Then, to make it FEEL moisturized, we add more product on top of more product, further exacerbating the problem. Properly washing, conditioning, and styling the hair with water-soluble, high-quality products is the way to go. Since getting rid of coconut and Shea butters, castor oil, and heavy Eco-Styler use, my hair and scalp has finally been able to breath, and growth is happening even wearing my hair down most of the time. Plus, no more pre-pooing, LOC-ing, or all those other things we were told our hair needed. My hair has started retaining moisture for at least four days now, and all I do is put it up at night. I’m having less shedding and breakage is spite of washing more often. Learning that my hair can thrive without having to stretch it every night, or having to apply products outside of my wash hour (yes, y’all...wash HOUR, not wash-DAY), has saved me time, money, and headaches. Black, natural hair does NOT have to be as difficult as we’ve made it...but we just didn’t have the information we needed until recently.

Check out Black Curl Magic, or look up See Some Curls, and give the detox a shot. You may be surprised at how your hair responds over 30 days!"
Miriam-Esi,lc6pf6,"If you had to choose one book, which one would you get?"
cabdefab,lc6pf6,"I'm in a similar situation. The struggle of keeping my hair moisturized is too time-consuming and it ends up shedding anyways. So now I'm like ""what's the point?""."
spectacularkay,lc6pf6,"Ive tried everything...&&&But literally nothing works on my (supposedly) 4c/4b hair. I've tried the LCO method but it does nothing but continuously over moisturize my hair to eventually drying out my hair. I have very short hair that doesn't go past my neck so there's only so much I can do to it. The only options I have for a protective style is either braiding it or twisting it. When i braid my hair, it looks better style wise but it tugs and pulls on my hair causing major shedding. When I twist my hair it looks so messy and im forced to wear my bonnet. It keeps my hair mostiurized a little bit but it is extremly time consuming when you have short hair. The products I use are pretty cheap because I don't have the money to spend on most expensive products. I don't have a specific shampoo or conditioner I use because to me, every shampoo or conditioner I use works the same and i haven't seen much of a difference from majority of them. It's basically whatever I can afford, like V05 or Palmers. For Oil im using DuGrow (not sure if i spelled it right) and the classic, blue magic grease. I have used numerous products through the years and every product i use never fells to dry out my hair as well as cause excessive shedding. I cant go a week without my hair feeling like a rock or without my hair shedding an excessive amount. I should add that my hair has never grown past my neck, for as long as I can remember my hair has always been short! I always say im gonna get it to my back because that's my goal, but nothing ever seems to work. At this point im just thinking about cutting it off or completely abandoning it all together and stick to wigs. That's all I have. :(&&&Oh my god you're amazing for this! I'll definitely look into it.&&&Right? I just don't see how others do it."
spicegrl1,lc6pf6,Read up on hard water. This is the issue often. That & protein sensitivity.
IIIThreat,lc5sxi,"You have at least two different densities going on, maybe three (which is normal), but - to be honest - no one can truly make that assessment for you without their hands actually being in your hair."
LaWondertwin,lc5sxi,Looks like medium.
blackgirlwithagarden,lc5sxi,Is my hair medium or high density? I have fine strands btw.&&&&&&My twists look crazy because I shaved my head completely 6 months ago lol.&&&Yeah I was pretty confused when the person shaved my head said I had dense hair even though I thought it was pretty thin my whole life.
thatuserdoesntexist-,lc5sxi,Medium. I wouldn’t look at your hair and call it thin.
thatuserdoesntexist-,lc5g34,Vicks Vaporub for Hair growth??&&&[removed]
Bleu-dayz,lc3wyx,How did you all get your curl pattern back after Constant heat ?&&&
Quotesofthebanshee,lc3wyx,"sometimes it is best to cut it off but you can try   
Olaplex  
aphogee  
Shea Moisture raw shea butter deep treatment masque  
Shea moisture 100% coconut oil rehydration treatent masque  
shea moisture manuka honey & mafura oil intensive hydration hair masque  
Shea moisture jamaican black castor oil strengthen & restore treatment masque  
Eden bodyworks almond marshmallow split end repair masque  
Eden bodyworks jojoba monoi deep conditioner  
Camille rose algae renew deep conditioner  
mielle babassu oil mint deep conditioner  
tgin honey miracle hair mask  
as i am hydration elation intensive conditioner"
blackgirlwithagarden,lc3wyx,If you’ve been constantly applying heat for a long period of time I’d recommend transitioning or big chopping. If it was a one time thing and your curls were being a bit laggish about reverting back then they could possibly be saved.
thatuserdoesntexist-,lc3wyx,"I’ve never gotten heat damage before, but I heard doing protein treatments more often will help bring your curls back. I heard using aphogee protein treatments work really well for severely heat damaged hair, as long as you’re consistent with it."
JustAnotherStoppable,lc3qyi,Girl me too. It sucks making mistakes but I am at a place where my hair will come back. I’m here for the journey
angrymom284710394855,lc3qyi,I’m finally learning how to really take care of my hair. I used to comb by hair back and tonight I realised that I did it wrong (the grey parts are due to the conditionner). I’m so happy!!!&&&
Jell_read_it,lc2792,VERY normal. I shed like 3x more than this after a week haha. You're doing great
KforKameron,lc2792,This doesn't look out-of-the-norm at all to me. I have about 3x that much on my weekly wash day.
M_Aku,lc2792,For 3 months this is better than average.
kaylah1010,lc2792,"I picked my hair out for the first time in 3 months today. Is this normal shedding?&&&&&&I wash my hair every 2 weeks and moisturize, if not every day, every other day"
mochafrapwithwhip,lc2792,You’re fine.
thatuserdoesntexist-,lc2792,I wish that was my shed amount.
Any-Construction785,lbzfag,Twist outs/ Braid outs
QueenKida,lbzfag,"Recommended Spring Natural Styles?&&&I'm down for anything, I have medium length hair. I've done pink, as well as purple and light brown box braids. Any suggestions with photos appreciated!"
