index,id,comments
AffectionateAnarchy,noonup,That is literally what I do to my hair and it's been better than any product ive used. Why are we not using butters cuz I'm growing it out for the first time in 20 years and I wanna do it right lol
Hafnlum,noonup,I’m sure you can keep on using your shampoo and conditioner since you wash them off. The no oils and butter trend only applies to products you leave in your hair like creams and leave in conditioners.
MedleyH,noonup,"I've been doing this for over 2 years now and rock wash and go's for the majority of the time. I only do shampoo, conditioner and gel (I apply a moisturising gel 1st then a 2nd strong hold gel just to make my style last longer and for the sections of my hair that need a stronger hold to hold the curl and reduce frizz). And that's all I love that it's no fuss and it doesn't dry hard or stiff or take all day for me to do ( every few months if and when I feel my hair needs it I do a clay wash which increases the time it takes). I wouldn't go back, my hair is way more moisturised and healthy than it used to be. I was like you and didn't want to just throw away my products so I sold them if they were nearly full or gave them to family, but I also still have some because for the times when I want to wear a different style like twists or whatever then I would use a holding butter so you don't have to get rid of allll of them just depends how you wish to style your hair."
etherealmeadows,noonup,"No oils no butters&&&To those who’ve stopped using oils and butters, how’s it going for you? Because I’m *trying* to quit, but my shampoo & conditioner has shea butter and coconut oil in it and as much as I probably need to, I just CANT throw out products bought with hard earned money.&&&I wish they would be more specific."
happyhippoking,noonup,"Finish the products or give them to family or friends! I tried the oil free method and I like it! I shampoo, deep condition, then use a gel. My hair is soft, shiny and retains moisture well. It looks good until my next wash day and I find that my curls retain their curl pattern/definition better so each wash day becomes easier. The gel is the key imo. I like flaxseed, custard, or jelly-gels. They must be moisturizing though. Eco and Wetline gels make my hair too crunchy and dry for this method."
pasdeque,noonup,"I’m loving it. It’s definitely worth it if you are planning on wearing your natural curl pattern out. It’s made my hair so much more manageable and my routine simpler (no more refreshing, no retwisting, no breakage, no dry scalp... Basically every reason why I though I had “difficult hair” has now been solved) You can definitely finish your products, and start replacing them with more water soluble ones as you run out!"
wsgautier,noonup,"So I’ve been watching a few of their videos and it sounds like no oils or butters means raw butters and raw oils. From my understanding, if you have a formulated product with Shea butter in it, it’s fine. If you’re literally taking raw Shea butter or coconut oil and putting it in your hair (something from your kitchen) then it’s a no from their perspective"
Blackoilcastor,nols32,Definitely 4b. It has the curl patterns of a 4c but looks more manageable like a 4b.
Skittlesfreak,nols32,"No particular brand, just invest in a good pre-poo mix, deep conditioner, oils, protein treatment and a steam cap"
destinyach,nols32,Hair type?&&&&&&Thank you! Any product suggestions? I’m new to this hair thing. I had locs since I was ab 10 and then I shaved my head in college and wore wigs.
want_to_remain_happy,nols32,Could be 4b
AppleNerdyGirl,nol8d9,I love it!
ClutchinMyPearls,nol8d9,Pretty! But what's the difference in a 3 strand twist out and a braid out?
RunOptimal1422,nol8d9,looks beautiful
ShondaGives,nol8d9,🥰
bottledbed,nol8d9,I love this I’m going to have to learn how to do them!
moggywarbucks,nol8d9,You look like an angel! I love your hair OP omg!! This picture is so warm :)
sincerlyxoxo,nol8d9,Gorg
tonikaym,nol8d9,"My three strand twist out vs the sea breeze.&&&&&&They give a different type of curl. Personally though, a braid out doesn't work for me at all.&&&Awe, thank you 😊&&&Thank you 😊😊😊&&&Awe thank you 😊😊😊&&&They're an awesome style&&&😊😊&&&Thank you"
want_to_remain_happy,nol8d9,You’re soo pretty!!!Your eye color😍😍
sallyDIY,nok97n,DIY ALOVERA OIL&&&[removed]
Bluecraft55,noil15,"Your hair looks great, Lots of healthy growth! I’m also currently trying to grow out my natural hair since it’s relaxed rn. What’s your wash day + post wash routine?"
Center18BCB,noil15,Check out blackgirlscurls on insta. Lovely ladies that are amazing.
KEnyinna,noil15,Beautiful
Lacasadelmango,noil15,Congratulations your hair looks beautiful and thick
SwansonsMom,noil15,"Big chop is cutting off all of the relaxed hair. If you’ve been transitioning for a while, you’ll end up with a lil Afro (TWA) instead of being bald. If you don’t transition then yes, cutting off all of the relaxed hair would mean cutting off all of the hair period, so you’d be shaved"
breathingtreatment,noil15,your hair looks lovely but is big chop not when you completely shave your head?
jchries,noil15,"I was super nervous to big chop after transitioning during the pandemic(14 months). I've been relaxing since I was in preschool (thanks, mom) but I feel like this is definitely the way my hair is supposed to be.&&&&&&Well, it's only been a week so I'm still figuring it out, but the stylist I went to follows the Black Curl Magic methodology. She told me to buy AG Naturals shampoo & conditioner, Trepadora deep conditioner, Uncle Funky's Daughter gel, I Create Hold gel, and Trepadora Papaya Slip (since my edges are coarser than my crown) for wash days (which she said we're turning into a wash hour! When I did it for the first time yesterday it took around 90 minutes). She also told me to buy The Doux foam for refreshing, twists outs and edges. 

I wash at the beginning of the week and cowash midway through the week with As I Am anti itch cowash.&&&Yes, I follow them! That's how I found the stylist I ended up going to! :)&&&Thanks!"
justwanttolovemyself,noil15,Looks soooo good !!
plainjanewantnofame,noil15,Beautiful and full head of hair! Good luck on your journey :)
Key_Possibility_5508,noi19b,"Frizzy Knotless braids&&&For the first time I got some medium Knotless braids installed. I love them but now after washing my hair a week later they look so frizzy like I've had them for a month. I went to the pool and after they didn't look bad but after rinsing and lightly washing it looks terrible. I applied mouse and tried to lay my edges but when I woke up it was a mess. I would like to try and keep these for a couple more weeks. How long do you guys keep medium braids in? How do you control frizz when washing? Think I will try small braids next time so they last longer. 
Thx&&&I thought braids were for getting wet. This is the reason I got them so I didn't have to do my hair while enjoying the pool."
bottledbed,noi19b,"In the future when getting fresh braids try not to get them wet if you want them to last. Especially knotless since part of the root of the braid is exposed. I usually don't wash mine til the 4 week mark and im able to keep mine in for 6 weeks, thats the max for me. Preventing frizz is next to impossible when washing braids. I just use a rag with a bit of shampoo on my scalp when i want to freshen them up until im ready to truly wash them.

I also tie them down every night and cover with a bonnet to make them last longer.

I always get medium knotless so im not sure about small,but even then i still would wait a few weeks to get them wet, they just cost way too much money and time to have them in water so soon.

If i were in your shoes id just keep them in and do cute styles that pull at the roots to make them look flat. I love the pony and bang swoop."
Blaque-Cat,nof4p5,"Brick layer pattern is much nicer. It makes the braids fall between each other and gives the appearance of fullness. When the braids are directly stacked on top of each other, it makes the braids look low density and  shows a lot of scalp."
DankMyco,nof4p5,I think you’re supposed to do it that way so it looks full and no big lines of baldness
ReinventedScientist,nof4p5,"A question about box braids...&&&When it comes to box braids, I've heard people say that it has to be parted in a brick-pattern way (one row overlapping the other?) rather than each row being evenly lined up with eachother. For me, it's kind of difficult, and i feel like it's harder to do the brick pattern way. Would it be fine for me to just line up all the parts evenly? Would the style still look nice?&&&ah okay thx!&&&ohh thanks!"
ontariodwarf,nof4p5,"When you do the brick-laying pattern, the braids fall nicely between/next to each other so that the finished result looks kind of flowy I guess, but I’ve never seen it done with one stacked on the other"
MeetTheBrewers,no8lzj,"Would you consider my hair high, medium, or low density? I think I’m on the lower side, but would like another prospective. I have fine strands, and I’m 4c.&&&"
NatrulV,no8lzj,"Considering that you have said fine strands and 4c, I think you are medium to high density."
SapphiraBaby,no8lzj,I agree with you I'd say its on the lower end of medium or very high end of low. Medow or Lodium (not real words but I feel like they are good descriptors). Other good descriptors of your hair are hydrated and pretty!
MeetTheBrewers,no40i6,"So I started using Vegamour two months ago. I started using it to grow my edges, to retain length, and grow my hair. I’ve been documenting my hair shedding after wash days since I started using Vegamour. March 31st is my first wash day since starting, and May 28th is two months of using Vegamour.&&&&&&I have not seen a difference in my edges or length, but my hair seems thicker, and I’m losing a lot less hair. The more volume the better, so I’m happy. I think two months is too soon to have a noticeable change  in length or growth. So I’m going to keep going until I reach the 6 month mark. It takes patience for sure. The fact that I’m losing so little hair is amazing to me. The original is very light and quickly absorbs in to my scalp.&&&Vegamour.com it cost $52, but they have 20% off sales all the time."
ReinventedScientist,no40i6,"Thats great, where can I get it? And how much does it cost?"
denominare,no40i6,"That’s amazing! 

I started using it in the last 2 weeks as well for overall hair growth and thinning. Have you seen a difference so far in your edges or length? 

I’ve been using the + formula because my hair tends to not like oil very much but vegamour has been getting absorbed into my scalp super fast and doesn’t leave me feeling itchy the next day. Is the original fast absorbing for you?"
DotHOHM,no3mme,"I wear more bright colors, more form fitting, and more dresses in my wardrobe.
 
I second makeup and earings (if you decide to get them pierced). Jewelry is anothet favorite, I like necklaces and bracelets, not so much rings. I guess experiment with your style is what I'm saying."
Flamesnyper,no3mme,"It depends on how short your hair is but accessories like this [headband](https://www.shopmissa.com/collections/headbands/products/matte-flexible-headwrap) or these [clips](https://www.shopmissa.com/collections/barrettes/products/3-piece-rhinestone-studded-star-hair-pins-1) are great items for adding a feminine touch to your short hair. Also, try looking at Youtube or Pinterest for hairstyles that you like (be it your length or longer or a different texture than yours) that you can try to recreate. Some of my favorite hairstyles to recreate comes from a white Youtuber. Of course my hair is going to look different because she has straight hair and I have textured hair, but I just tweak the styles to work with my hair. Hope I helped!"
Naturenymph812,no3mme,"First, understand that most cultures didn’t attribute long hair with femininity until European colonization.  (Some did, but many did not) 

Second, behaving in a feminine manner will always help. The language you use, the type of indulgences you partake in. Etc. For example, I always feel feminine when getting my toes done. 

Third, do you dress feminine ? I’ve seen women that are completely bald - but look super feminine because they have jewelry, heels, makeup, and a dress on. 


There are many things you can do to enhance a feminine look. But personally, I think it mostly comes from within. Demeanor and behavior matter a lot more to me than a dress!"
PrincessTiaraLove,no3mme,"I’ve cut my hair twice in my life and I’ve never liked it, but to be honest there is no way a woman can be masculine if she doesn’t want to be. All this feminine/masculine propaganda is so annoying. Also I have nothing against wigs, weave and braids. People would try to tell me to just wear my natural hair and they can politely mind their business. If you don’t want to wear those things then try getting a dye job, invest in a couple good products to bring out the curls, lay your edges, wear some makeup, and earrings."
Vulpixxia,no3mme,When I cut my hair I would put gator accessories like bows and head scarves or hair clips. I personally liked when my hair was short but I feel feeling feminine is more a state of mind. But I also wore a twa
abczxy090210,no3mme,"I wore makeup before then and continued to when I cut my hair off. Spending extra time on my eyes made me feel more feminine. And lipstick goes a long way. Even now that I don’t wear makeup daily, I would make sure my eyebrows are on point and put on a great lipstick and some mascara."
blvcktea,no3mme,"How to feel feminine with short hair?&&&Recently I had to cut my hair due to a large amount of breakage in the center and an extremely botched cutting job on my own. I never wanted to wear my hair short and though everyone around me says it’s cute, I feel very masculine and less than because of it. I’ve attached a lot of my beauty and femininity to my hair and I feel like I’ve lost that. To any other women with short hair, how do y’all continue to feel feminine? What styles or extra things do you do to make yourself feels yoit best?&&&Sadly I’ve never pierced my ears. Maybe I’ll start thinking about doing it soon. Thank you for the idea!&&&I guess I just personally feel connected to the ideas of Femininity so much it’s hard to detach myself from it. I’ll definitely look into some wigs tho. Thank you for the idea!&&&Thank you! I’ll try that."
cutesalade,no3mme,"I shave my head every 3 months lol and I never felt masculine. Hair doesnt define how feminine you are. 

Personally I like big earrings and most important, the GLOSS. My lips are so visible with short hair and its absolutely hot ! xD"
layethdasmackethdown,no3mme,Big earrings
PunkGF,no14p2,"Seeing those strands doesn’t necessarily mean you need a protein treatment though. You could very well need moisture. 

If you think you’re experiencing some chronic issue you should head to a specialist or the salon. 

Frankly, you mentioned you are seeing a lot of split ends, all those hair pieces you see breaking off could be your split ends. When’s the last time you’ve had you hair professionally trimmed?"
RewnGuy,no14p2,"Aphogee 2 min reconstructor on low porosity hair?&&&Hey everyone in a guy with 4c low porosity and wanted ask my fellow low po’s if they’ve used it before? I know I should probably stay away from protein but I’ve used conditioners and DC’s in the past with protein (Camille rose moisture milk and SM manuka yogurt) and my hair didn’t seem to hate them when I used them sparsely and I’ve heard this product is a little on the lighter side as opposed to the two step. I’ve just noticed a lot of really short strands, medium strands and long ones breaking off especially when my hair is wet and not to mention a lot of split ends so I think it could use some for extra strength but I wanted to ask ya’ll for some advice first!"
hanap8127,nnzusd,So fun!
iicckyo,nnzusd,"my hair has been naturally parting down the middle lately, so here's me trying to style it to the side again 😅✌️❤️&&&"
Alone_Jellyfish_7968,nnyzbi,Beautiful!
Brief-Resolve-5765,nnyzbi,"Neatly done natural hair, ready for church.&&&"
Mastodon_Equal,nnyzbi,😍
No-Difference-6755,nnyzbi,Beautiful
NotAPigeonInDisguise,nnyzbi,So shiny! Looking healthy!!
OnTheGreyScale,nnyzbi,💕✨
Playinclay,nnyzbi,That is beautiful!
ReinventedScientist,nnyzbi,"So gorgeous, it brings back memories"
Zoieja,nnyzbi,So clean and healthy.
blkgurl_Majik,nnyzbi,Beautiful !
hanap8127,nnyzbi,This is so beautiful!
kittenlove456,nnyzbi,"Looks great, I'd just do the front a bit more but otherwise perfect!"
ridiculousrenee,nnyzbi,omg tutorial PLEASE! 😍
ashbash32,nnxnst,This is your sign to rock that Fro&&&
Flamesnyper,nnwbn4,"Get whatever hairstyle you want. Why are you letting an entire group of individuals with different opinions tell you what you can and can't do with your own head? If you like the style, get it. But then, I think the concept of cultural appropriation is utter garbage to begin with."
M_Aku,nnwbn4,"It's a difficult question with no clear answer. Not everyone in the black community agrees about this. Me personally, I only take offense if it's done to imitate a black characterture or to be disrespectful or rebranding as something original. Someone else can say its offensive no matter what.


That being said. I think cornrows and dreadlocks won't get you any extra attention. Box braids might give you a few second looks. As for an Afro, if it's your own hair that's ok. An Afto textured wig would we taking it to far for me."
NatrulV,nnwbn4,"IMO, everything but the afro is fine (only rock the afro if you naturally have type 4 hair)."
New_Independent_9221,nnwbn4,Yes. Dreadlocks have been worn in India before globalization. Had a religious origin.
ReinventedScientist,nnwbn4,"In my opinion, any black hairstyle is a no, but i feel like for afros if it's your actual natural hair then that's fine. You can't really control that."
SnooGoats2271,nnwbn4,"can indians get box braids?&&&can an indian girl get dreadlocks , box braids, cornrows and an afro? is any or all of them cultural appropriation?"
kgilr7,nnwbn4,I think it's fine.
DoubllW,nnrz8h,"I see that some people use mousse for volume and i have found that when i push some hair to the top to shape it it look bigger in ""The Curly Bev Show"" How to Pick 101, she does the technique."
Strong_Barracuda_341,nnrz8h,The first picture (mirror pic) was from 3 years ago and 2nd is from now. How can I get my hair back to being that voluminous? I miss it 😩&&&
walleiscute,nnrz8h,Maybe try a middle part instead of a side part. It honestly doesn't look much different. But the side part just exacerbates the thinness at the top. Also it seems like you had bangs the first pic. Maybe consider getting bangs to help? Sorry I can't offer much more advice.
FoxEngland,nnolkn,Lookin fresh Goku. 😎
IAmTwistedT,nnolkn,Fresh Wash&&&
BAYto310,nnoeqt,Ig: @marquis.key&&&
