index,id,comments
Adept_Hospital4022,qk3l90,How is a hair colour  a culture ffs
Choosinga,qk3l90,"Would it be okay for my black mom to do my white friend's hair?&&&So my white friend has pretty thin hair and she keeps asking me if my mom can cornrow her hair into two french braids with some weave so that her hair appears longer and fuller. Is this a form of cultural appropriation? I know for her to wear box braids would be a form of that but I wasn't sure if what I am mentioning here counts as that too.   


She would put her hair into two french braids with her natural hair but she wants them fuller. Tbh it just makes me a bit uncomfortable she is asking for weave in her hair but that is just my opinion.&&&Well, I guess it is because we have been friends for a while and my mom knows how to do hair. It may also have to do with the fact that it would be much cheaper"
EloquentElixir,qk3l90,"White people wear weave/extensions too. Maybe not like black folk exactly, but in their way. And she's asking for French braids not cornrows. It's fine"
KEnyinna,qk3l90,French braids even with added extensions for fullness and length is fine.
Pixie-mix258,qk3l90,I’ve always defined appropriation as when someone with a more powerful/privileged status profits from copying or stealing the ideas/cultural elements of a less privileged class without giving due compensation/exposure. I think that this is fine
Shigeko_Kageyama,qk3l90,"Think less about cultural appropriation and more about your friend's unrealistic expectations. White women have been getting what they call Bo Derick braids since the late 70's. They don't hold for more than three days or so in white hair. Her hair isn't going to look longer and fuller, if anything these braids will draw attention to how thin her hair is. It also might not even be strong enough for the braids."
doowopthatthing_,qk3l90,"Unpopular opinion, people should be able to wear whatever hairstyles they want, as long as they’re not profiting off of them without speaking out/acting against discrimination for the same styles. I do not trip when I see white people with cornrows."
hipdady02,qk3l90,"French braids are very much not from black culture, nor is fake hair. Chill out, anxiety down."
layethdasmackethdown,qk3l90,"Should black ppl wear blond or red hair, or is that cultural appropriation? She's your friend and apparently is self conscious about her thin hair. So you can either be a friend and help her out or tell her no and keep it moving. It's up to you 🤷🏾‍♀️"
morpheuseus,qk3l90,"I think wearing weave in French braids is okay for white people, my question is…why’d she ask You and your mom specifically?"
trinilena1,qk3l90,It's fine let her try it.
walleiscute,qk3l90,"Even if it was cornrows, there's no issue here.&&&Agreed. OP sounds 15 and naive. There's absolutely nothing wrong with a white person getting their hair braided/getting weave. Just as there's nothing wrong with a black person getting long flowy extensions."
AlexandraLiberty,qk3hf3,It’s lovely and you are lovely🌸 truly. Very pretty.
AromaticShirt6202,qk3hf3,Love the look that's dope way to change up the curl pattern 💕
CD_Lori4HotCummm,qk3hf3,Gorgeous both ways!
Fancy-Pair,qk3hf3,Your hair looks like art
KEnyinna,qk3hf3,Nice!
No-Professional-9359,qk3hf3,Blown out ❤️
Sheliwaili,qk3hf3,Knot Out on blown out hair&&&&&&Thank you! 😃
astromorphine,qk3hf3,"love it, love your smile too"
sandycheeks72,qk3hf3,"Your hair came out really nice, so pretty. 

 And not hair related but you look so warm and kind! :)"
LaWondertwin,qk12vi,Love ecoslay! I can keep a wash and go at least 7 days with the Jell-O shot. I’ve gone as long as 10 but try not to do that too often.
kelthuzad12,qk12vi,"First time ever getting to 2nd day hair (that I'm not ashamed to leave the horse with)&&&I ended up cutting off my hair after having my daughter last year because of major hair loss. It's finally growing back but this stage is the worst for trying to find some kind of day to day that doesn't have my hair looking awful.

  


Heard about Ecoslay recently and bought their bundle of the schnapps shampoo, butter cream deep conditioner, and jello shot gel.

  


Y'all the hold on this gel is fantastic! I mean I've never been able to get through 2 days (1 night) without my hair basically turning into a Q-tip

  


I don't know how well this will be in the long term, but right now I'm so happy.

  


Routine: Don't really have one, but for this wash (and photos) I only used the 3 Ecoslay products listed. I sat under the dryer with the deep conditioner and left it on under the gel.

[Day 1](https://iili.io/57SYRs.jpg) [Day 2](https://iili.io/57SaOG.jpg)  


  


http://imgur.com/a/H5x9RYT - album for daily pictures on how well it holds up over the next few days&&&You know! This is so exciting. I've been telling anyone that will listen gotta awesome this is."
Mazj85,qjwxx1,"I still struggle with  knots myself, but for the bonnet issue, why don’t you try a satin pillowcase instead?"
Understanding_Naive,qjwxx1,well said.
happyhippoking,qjwxx1,"Protein treatments and stretched styles help my knots the most. I also oil my ends to add lubrication and prevent the hair wrapping around itself. I really concentrate my DC on my ends because the older they get, the worse and more frequent my ssks get.

Honestly, I think some hair types are more prone to them then others. I can be very militant with my hair and still get them. While they don't prevent growth, I hate the way my hair looks and feels when I have too many ssks."
hipdady02,qjwxx1,"Protective styles, keeping hair stretched, detangling regularly, secure hair at night in loose twists or braids, use satin scarf at night

To a certain extent single strand knots are a part of natural hair, and I cut them off as I see them."
taking-a-pitstop,qjwxx1,"How do I deal with single strand knots?&&&I trim my ends, deep condition (maybe not as regularly as I should), I wore a bonnet yet still I get these knots.
(I had to stop wear my bonnet because the band started to mess up my hairline)

I decided to go natural about a yr ago because my hair was damaged but now I'm risking damaged hair again with these darn knots&&&I'll definitely try the protein treatment and maybe keep my hair braided rather than simple cornrows. Thank you"
jasabella96wastaken,qjvv6o,Anybody Out There With This Type of Hair Have Any Tips On How to Take Care of It?!???&&&
AffectionateAnarchy,qjoj1z,Looks like youll need to do a very big chop
BlueMaroonLaflare,qjoj1z,"Why would you big chop? If I were you, I’ll get rid of the straight ends and let this be the last silk press until this time next year. I’ll start a new hair regime and see how my hair does. Heat damage is reversible. Your hair doesn’t look past the point to go bald."
Every_Squash_4543,qjoj1z,I think braids is a good idea. I transitioned by wearing braids for a year then getting rid of the last of my straight ends.
InformationBrilliant,qjoj1z,"Transitioning for the last 14 months via silk pressing. Can I do the big chop or do I have too many straight pieces from heat damage ?&&&&&&I tried to prolong the big chop for as long as I could to potentially have hair below my ears or longer. Now I’m fed up with the hair, but my stylist says I have too many heat damaged straight pieces to do a chop and to wait another 6-8 months ?"
Intelligent-Two-3188,qjoj1z,I think you can completely transition without a big chop.Yes you should clean your ends and cut off all the straight pieces but give your hair some time to come out of shock from all the pressing and start deep conditioning at least twice a month and your curls should really start coming back within a year. It’s not overnight and you need patience but if your going natural you definitely need patience.&&&100% agree she also looks like she may have 3b-4a hair.
Niqxx,qjoj1z,"I'll just add that I transitioned from relaxer with silk presses and all my new growth ended up heat damaged. I didn't mind at that time because I had no intention of wearing my hair in its natural state, but now I have to transition all over agsin from heat damage on hair that is past waist length😭"
Worstmodonreddit,qjoj1z,"I don't know why the heat damage would stop you from doing the big chop. Is she saying you'll have to cut to shorter than you'd like in order to cut the damaged ends off? Cause you're going to have to do that anyway if you keep putting heat on it. 

Have you considered the big chop then going straight into braids until it grows out a bit?"
hanap8127,qjoj1z,Just cut it.
ioapwy,qjoj1z,"I would trust your hairdresser! To avoid heat damage and breakage, I wore my hair in twists from about 2in of new growth until it was 4-5inches of regrowth, and then I did the chop. Twists are pretty good for disguising the transition I think"
weaboo801,qjoj1z,"I transitioned back in 2010. My stylist at the time always did roller sets for me. It hid the different textures better. I never could keep a straight style for longer than a day even when I was relaxed so it’d be up in a bun/ponytail 90% of the time. 

Maybe you could try that? It might prolong the need to cut off the damaged ends"
Niqxx,qjf8aw,"Bot bad at all. But one option would be to do a flexi rod set while your hair is still in the stretched state. Even if it frizzed, you can use a foam wrap mousse to apply flexi rods instead of wetting the hair. As the hair is streched, you wont water and can do bigger sections while still having definition."
Understanding_Naive,qjf8aw,"Of course it wont damage your hair! When you wash it make sure you do a deep condition or treatment etc. 

If I were you id do one of two things:

1: wash it and do a natural hairstyle

2: slick it back into a bun 


My silk presses never last either. I dont use heat except for my silk presses which are mainly for trims. Maybe there are some oils or other products that can stop your hair from reverting quickly but what can you do. It depends on your hair type.

After 1 hour my silkpresses look like a blow out 🤣 i dont even care anymore. Its a vibe tbh."
hanap8127,qjf8aw,The silk press is the damaging part. Shampooing your hair is good for it.
sooperdoooper90,qjf8aw,Is washing out a new silk press bad?&&&Hi! I just got a silk press a few days ago and it looked nice for an hour or so and its frizzed up pretty badly. My hair is so annoying because my roots are flat but its frizzed in the middle. I don't even own flat iron or blow dryer to touch it up even if I wanted too but I don't want to damage it anymore than I already have. I start a new job this week and I kind of don't want my first impression to be a frizzy silk press. I didn't think it through obviously. To be fair I asked if I could not do the silk press but she made a good argument for it since I also got my ends trimmed. But is washing out a silk press so soon insane or will it damage my hair at all? Thanks!&&&OMG that makes me feel so much better lol! I haven’t gotten my hair done by a stylist in almost a decade so it was a big deal but then I instantly remembered why I stopped getting silk presses! It’s almost worse than dealing with my curls. Thanks for the tips! I’m going to get a deep conditioning treatment tomorrow and do that.
Missgenius44,qjez17,Right now I wash my hair about once a week. And I mostly do wash and goes. Sometimes I will blow dry it if I want to have a nice stretched out look i  do pinned up updos so I do enjoy doing that. When my wash and goes  get old I then start to put it up or I would start putting it up in a bun.
OvertureStealer,qjez17,I've been very busy with school so I've gotten into a 2 week mini twist routine that's been working well for me. I also like wearing my hair out but I'm looking to continue growing out the haircut I used to have and I feel like I'll make better progress by just leaving my hair alone. I tend to accidentally break my hair sometimes when picking it into an afro so just doing twists would avoid that breakage. Also with the weather being colder it's probably healthier to have your hair twisted or just have the ends tucked somewhere
VehicleCertain865,qjez17,"Twist or low bun. If I want to go out and wear my hair out I’ll take it out of twists for a day or two for a twist out. Otherwise, I’m trying to grow it out another 4-5 inches"
hanap8127,qjez17,"Wash n go’s only. I cut my hair short, so I can’t do anything else."
siinyx,qjez17,"What's a week in your hair like? How do you like to wear it most of the time?&&&How do you wear your hair throughout the week? Is it always in twists or plaits? Do you wear your hair out everyday? What does a week in your hair look like? What's the night time routine?

I'm just lost right now. I have medium/low porosity, 4a hair. I find myself struggling with styling and retaining moisture these days. Right now, I am trying out a routine with a wash and go and more frequent co washes (twice a week perhaps). I just want to wear my hair out more, I'm kind of tired of leaving the house with chunky twists and a scarf. Or if I'm doing a twist out I have to wait like 2-3 days for it to dry. I just want my hair out!


Edit: I think I should acknowledge and add that I've been breaking some natural hair rules. Such as sleeping without a bonnet or scarf even with twists. I also need a trim soon so that'd explain some of the struggles I've been facing recently.&&&Sounds like a very low manipulation routine, do you sleek down your bun or loosely put it up?&&&True! I think I'll wear loose twists and pin it into a bun or crown. I decided at a weird time to crave wash and gos. Thank you for sharing."
suavent,qjez17,"I have 3c/4a shoulder length, half high and half low porosity(idk if that makes sense but thats my observation.), fine hair. With school I havent really been able to look after my hair properly so all I do now is put some olive oil on my scalp while cleaning the house, then i wash it with a hydrating shampoo followed by a protein conditionner and if I have time, ill probably deep condition my hair.

For styling, I put some blackseed/argan/olive oil and i simply style with a denman brush in sections with some strong hold gel because I dont have the time to style/refresh my hair during the week.

I usually just put my hair in a loose top bun when I sleep. Ill cover it with a head scarf or ill just sleep on my satin pillowcase. 

I usually wear my hair in a low loose messy bun.

That should keep my hair decently curly and shiny for at least 4-5 days. 

And i eat alot of nuts and fuits(especially oranges and tangerine) to prevent my hair from falling out(i have a pretty f up diet. Thats the least i can do.)"
thrwawayacc12345678,qjez17,I have 3b/3c hair. I used to always wear it in a low bun or ponytail but just recently stopped using hair ties and excessive amounts of gel every day. Now I just leave my curls out or put it in knotless box braids since it’s getting colder out
Bumbum2k1,qjeybb,Gorgeous 🍂🍁
DoubllW,qjeybb,Omg the outfit is amazing
Monasgma,qjeybb,Giving us Colin kaepernick vibes. No cap. No shade.
Scream_Pueen,qjeybb,🧡
ashbash32,qjeybb,Fall vibes with my Fro&&&&&&❤️❤️❤️❤️ thank you so much I was born in September ❤️❤️❤️❤️🍁🍁🍁🍁&&&❤️❤️❤️ thank you so much ❤️❤️❤️❤️&&&❤️❤️❤️&&&❤️&&&❤️❤️❤️ your so kind thank you so much ❤️❤️❤️❤️
callingallbarbzzz,qjeybb,a beauty ❤️❤️ fall is your season !
Babeyonce,qjb4o4,"My kitchen area won’t grow. Advice?&&&Hi everyone,
I have low porosity, 4C hair. It was quite long for most of my life. Now, I mostly keep it in protective styles and (of course) deal with massive shrinkage and dryness. 

Despite having a health (big haha) head of coarse hair, my kitchen area has always been non-existent. My mum and sisters have the same! It just doesn’t grow, even though my hair always has. I’m noticing it in my 2 year old who also has really full, longer hair (different curl pattern). 

Any advice outside of the normal scalp stimulation, moisturizing, and dealing with oil? Anyone have the same thing? Thank you!!&&&I think so; it’s so frustrating. Thank you!&&&Ok, thank you!!"
IndaraNaturals,qjb4o4,Try putting 1-2 cornrows (going across from side to side) and just hiding them under the rest of your hair if it's long enough. Just keep it moisturized.
exoticbunnis,qjb4o4,maybe it’s a genetic thing? my mom has always had issues growing her side edges and they’ve been thin since she was a child. nothing seems to grow them at all.
Deepak11997,qj80t0,"How Any Woman Can Follow the “Divine Locks Method” to Trigger Rapid, Natural Hair Growth – In as Little as Two Weeks!&&&"
Bluecraft55,qj2m0b,This is so ironic because I got my braids on sep 6th and I’m taking them out today lmaoo
ChocolateNapqueen,qj2m0b,Yes. Go ahead and take them out and redo then. Do a deep conditioning in between the styles.
ContourNova,qj2m0b,yes friend take them out
CooperTr0n,qj2m0b,Yeah take them out
DiamondsBFF80,qj2m0b,Yes
Excellent_Tip8115,qj2m0b,"Yes, take them out. Wash it, deep condition, and clip your ends. Rub black Jamaican castor oil with hemp into your scalp and braid it again. Keep doing that until you get to your desired length."
Exotic_Cookie53,qj2m0b,It is definitely time to take them out. Give your follicles a break get your ends trimmed and a conditioning treatment then you can put them back in
Glo-Up_Loading,qj2m0b,Not the dot dot dot 🤣🤣🤣🤣
GoldenAngelonEarth,qj2m0b,🥸
Henkeai,qj2m0b,"Time to take it down, but be gentle!"
HeyGurlHAAAYYYY,qj2m0b,Fosho snoop dog gif
Holykidds,qj2m0b,"If you don’t want to take them out, take out the ones in the front and refresh them. There’s people who leave their braids in for longer. Your hair is probably frizzy from washing it, moreso then a whole lot of new growth"
Jesuslovesyourbr0,qj2m0b,"Yes take it out, finger detangle with some leave in before it locs up in the shower"
JollyRanchers1949,qj2m0b,Hasn't it been way longer than a month or am I doing the math wrong?
KEnyinna,qj2m0b,Definitely
Marichurro,qj2m0b,Do you think it’s time to take out my braids? I had it in since september 9th and it’s october 30th and I want to grow my hair! It’s in a ponytail rn&&&&&&I try to but it don’t feel good 😭 but thank you i will start!
MedleyH,qj2m0b,Yes defo
MissMultidoom,qj2m0b,I had my hair done in box braids the day after you got your hair done and I just took them out yesterday. 😅
Sandyeller,qj2m0b,"I just saw that you’re 13. Is there someone in your house that can help guide you on taking care of your hair properly?

I hope an adult in your house said something to you prior to this post and didn’t just let you go around with your hair like this."
Savageho3,qj2m0b,Yes...
SunRayss,qj2m0b,"Yeahh I’d recommend just taking them out, washing your hair, giving your hair a one week break and then get them put back in"
Thotiana777,qj2m0b,"Do you sleep with a cap on? Your hair is actually growing pretty fast, but leave braids in too long without the proper maintenance and it can lead to breakage. Make sure you're sleeping with a cap on, just just a bonnet but something that will hold your braids in place while you sleep."
Worstmodonreddit,qj2m0b,Knotless maybe. Box braids can easily do 6-8 with some care.
cannes__,qj2m0b,"If you haven’t been tying your hair up at night, I think maybe you should consider it because unless the braids were done loose or your hair just grows at a fast rate, it should not look like that after one month…no hate, but I think you should take it out and have it re-done"
girl-w-glasses,qj2m0b,Are you tying your hair down at done at night?
glittersmut,qj2m0b,"3-4 weeks max for protective styles

edit: not for how long they last but for how long to leave them in to prevent damage and length retention if that’s your goal"
likeheywassuphello,qj2m0b,yes
michelle1908,qj2m0b,Hair is always growing.
mindoverego_,qj2m0b,Yeah take them out…having braids in too long can cause breakage and even pull your hair out from the root
noirbunny_,qj2m0b,😭😭😭😭
omgidfk123,qj2m0b,"Yes, protect, but don't neglect"
sekhmetdevil,qj2m0b,"Yes, the fact that an adult should've been stepped in to get her hair done or at least remove the braids."
taboo51,qj2m0b,Sis time to let go
