index,id,comments
Alternativefacts23,p9rnf3,"Do you blow dry them before going to sleep? And try an adjustable bonnet I got mine off etsy it stays on all night and it doesn't give me a headache, since it's adjustable I can choose how tight I want it.&&&I got my bonnet from kayjaycreationz on etsy."
Brave-Writer7965,p9rnf3,"When I'm preserving a twist out I either: 1. Retwist with chunkier, looser twists, 2. Pineapple with a satin scarf or 3. Band in loose sections with satin scrunchies. Takes 5-20 minutes but super worth it come wash day"
HunnyBunny1966,p9rnf3,I section and use scrunchies. Size of the sections doesn't really matter. It keeps the hair elongated and mostly tangle free. Pay attention to your ends. And bonnet it up!!
ThenCame,p9rnf3,"Try a buff,  I find it helps hold the hair in place."
shesaysImdone,p9rnf3,"How to keep twist out from tangling and matting?&&&So I have started doing twist outs with foam but my problem is what do I do with the hair before going to bed at night? I have just left the hair out for a week. Just went to bed with the hair out. At the end when I want to wash, the detangling is not fun. I feel I would have this same problem even if I put the hair in a bonnet(still have not found a bonnet that does not give me a headache)"
trinilena1,p9rnf3,"At nighttime I use hair bands to make about 6 or 7 little ponytails, then put on my bonnet. Or, you can do larger twists to keep the hair from clumping together."
Frankiesaysrealax,p9qhxj,Phishing for compliments... you hair is perfect
MintyLeafGreen,p9qhxj,"Jesus Christ. . .them boys first having longer lashes, thicker eyebrows and now THIS. I can't with y'all.😭💀

On a more serious note: 

Definitely consider LITHA (= Leave it the hell alone):

- Just wash it once a week or less. ( Check for stripping and drying ingredients, of course, with the biggest culprit being sulfates.)

- Look for a nuturing leave-in conditioner AND natural butter to seal in moisture and give it an extra layer of protection (I personally love Cantu's Cocoa Butter Raw Blend, but I am currently looking to substitute with a more waste reducing, sustainable, cruelty free and black-owned version)

- Bonnets, Bonnets, BONNETS! Protect your hair in your sleep! Silk (not cruelty free/vegan) or Satin (depends) are reliable fabrics, which can also be bought as pillow cases!

- I would highly recommend you to keep your hair in braids or cornrows. Anything that reduces friction and contact during the day, while also protecting your strands and ends!

- Put some extra love on your ends! Split ends will travel all the way to the roots and damage the strand even more!

- Diet! You better drink that water and eat nutritiously, too!

That's all I can think of for you. Your hair is beautiful, bro!😍🥰


EDIT: Actual advice (can't stay salty forever💀) and spelling/grammar."
Own_Bat7330,p9qhxj,"Guy Needs Help With His Natural Hair. (Tips, Styles, and Product)&&&&&&Instead of braid, can I do twists! It's just a pain and takes forever to get braids out in the morning.&&&How often are you using the Cantu Cocoa Butter? Usually, my routine in the morning is a conditioner and wet my hair. Afterward, I add moisture."
SnooObjections9371,p9qhxj,Right?!? Annoying&&&This is why I am leaving this sub. You know your hair is already beautiful and you are doing it well but you just want everyone to tell you that. Freaking annoying
Sux2WasteIt,p9qhxj,You and your hair are absolutely beautiful!
audreyblu,p9qhxj,Boy GTFO I need tips from YOU😭
yeshsal,p9qhxj,"Follow JenniferRoseNYC on insta and twitter.  
Will change your life!"
82shninklebot,p9nxdy,I love how you talk about your hair it’s so wholesome 💓 tangles can be so frustrating but I like looking at it like a party! We just can’t let the party get too crazy or else they’ll get hungover
AlexandraLiberty,p9nxdy,"Hey babes, so first off, there is a big difference between breakage and shed hairs. Are the pieces long strands or are they short pieces? Longer strands are shed hairs, smaller ones are usually breakage. “I hadn’t combed my hair in a month” they say it’s normal to shed 50 or 100 strands a day but I don’t think i have ever shed that much. A lot of what you are seeing is probably shed hairs. That’s roughly how much comes out when I take out my boxbraids after around a month or so. As for your hair being matted, tangled and hard to handle, you need to be detangling your hair wet with conditioner. I don’t even bother combing my hair dry anymore unless its already detangled from the shower. Wet your hair with conditioner, let it stay for about 30 seconds then section it. If you haven’t detangled in a while you will have a fair bit amount of shed hairs. but it shouldn’t be that bad. Also consider how long your hair is. I remember after i first big chopped I did protective styles for like six months when I finally started playing with my hair I was so scared because I felt like my hair was shedding so much not realizing that my hair had grown, therefore my strands were longer which made the shedding look worse than it was."
Bear_Bones_mom,p9nxdy,"I’ve also heard that if you have a tough section, add more conditioner and give it a little more time. Maybe deep condition before detangling if it’s been a month since you combed through your hair"
Bearis4B,p9nxdy,Please put this in the post if you can next time cause I was getting a panic attack for you. Glad it was just shed hair rather than something serious!
BlackBeauty193,p9nxdy,How often do you detangle? Do you shed this much every time you wash?
Brave-Writer7965,p9nxdy,"Hey there, my best break-less tips are: always detangle on wet hair (keep a spray bottle handy), find a tool that works for you (tangle teaser is my favorite) and do that winding twist motion at the end of twists and braids to lock in moisture (then flip it opposite when you're untwisting, instead of just pulling strands apart). Hope this helps!"
DatChickDani,p9nxdy,"Keep ur hair stretched. On wash days it’s condition, shampo, deep condition or protein treatment"
Fine_Elevator_2167,p9nxdy,You should detangle with oil instead of water or water based products like conditioner. Keep in mind water makes your shrink which isn't good for already kinky or Curly hair. Detangle your ends first.
Inevitable-Mail4143,p9nxdy,"Section your hair carefully. Approximately 6 sections. Apply your conditioner and with a large tooth comb start detangling from the ends and work your way up to your scalp. Do this with each section.
Rinse conditioner out with warm water. Section hair again detangle once again to remove the remaining stragglers. You will start seeing less sheding. This will take several weeks because you have caused some damage. Good luck!"
Kcvexo,p9nxdy,"Are you detangling prior to wetting your hair cause that will make it tangle more?  Also maybe try to go back to biweekly washes 


What is your wash routine? How often do you moisturize? What products do you have in rotation currently?"
Klickytat,p9nxdy,"How to stop breakage?&&&&&&Hand shown for scale.

Context: I hadn’t combed my hair in a month. I had twists for the first two weeks and left my hair in an Afro with no styles for the next two weeks. When I combed it earlier, I noticed my hair was very knitted and matted. There were some knots that were so hard to handle I was nearly ripping out my hair while detangling, which led to this large amount of breakage. This always happens when I detangle. How do I stop my hair from breaking off so much?&&&I do detangle in small sections, the problem is that some sections have such large and problematic knots that I end up having to rip my hair to take them out&&&I detangled after a month this time. However usually I detangle once every two weeks. I don’t shed the hair while washing, it breaks off while detangling."
Numerous_Piano_5599,p9nxdy,"My recommendation is that you stop leaving your hair out in an Afro/twist out/braid out styles.    Keeping it in twists or braids is best because that keeps the hair detangled and stretched. If you have to detangle after an Afro, detangle while the hair is DRENCHED in conditioner (preferably one with a lot of slip) and under running water with your fingers or a wide toothed comb. Please be very gentle with your strands, and good luck!

Also…getting a trim might be helpful. Hair is much easier to detangle when you don’t have a bunch of knotty ends impeding the detangling process."
Officerdeathwish747,p9nxdy,"I mean no offense by  this, but when was the last time you combed your hair?


Because it could be shedding."
Responsible-Cookie37,p9nxdy,Personally I detangle my hair in the shower after washing it. I use a ton of conditioner and brush out starting with my ends and make my way to my roots. The more conditioner the better. It still sheds a lot but the breakage is minimal. Also use a leave in conditioner after getting out of the shower.
cephalized,p9nxdy,i know the struggle
cherryafrodite,p9nxdy,"Yeah thats what I was thinking. I get this amount of shed hair, maybe smaller, after having protective styles in for a month"
chiroseycheeks,p9nxdy,Hi - I second detangling weekly/protective styling. But what really helped me was deep conditioning/protein treatments.
conscious_bruja,p9nxdy,"I would suggest detangling in sections (at least four) and using lots of water, preferably while under the shower head if possible."
disneysslythprincess,p9nxdy,Try to avoid detangling unless you have conditioner in your hair.
likeheywassuphello,p9nxdy,wash condition and detangle weekly. if you've gone more than a week then deep condition and let it sit for 30 mins at least and then detangle while wet and with an added leave in conditioner
lolofreeb,p9nxdy,"I read a few of your replies and I think the best approach might be to not leave your hair out for too long. I did this a lot when I was just starting , wearing my hair in an Afro and a puff for multiple weeks without touching it. My strands were having a party on my head and when I finally chose to detangle I was met with so much pain and frustration and breakage. Our hair loves itself a bit…too much. And once they get together they never want to separate peacefully 🥲. 
The best way I’ve found to avoid all the breakage that comes with a long detangling session is to not let it get to that point in the first place. For me that means to wear twists for a month and only rock a twist out for a couple days at most before I detangle. I also don’t wear my Afro for any longer than a day. It’s a style I have to prep for because so much goes into a good Afro and it’s the perfect place for my strands to throw a giant party if I leave them unattended for too long. 

I believe you may be going through the same thing I was so I hope this helps out a bit&&&Also I’d agree with everyone else who is saying detangling in the shower may help. I know other people with different textures advise against detangling your hair while wet but for 4c hair especially Id recommend it whole heartedly. Warm-hot water literally melts my hair and is the first thing I put on my hair when I’m detangling. 

I don’t have the time (or money 😂) to spend an hour in my shower detangling but I keep a super hot water spray bottle nearby and that works well for me. 

Never ever ever detangle your hair dry unless you want to feel the pain of a million little strands being pulled from your precious scalp"
merhpeh,p9nxdy,"When was the last time you got a trim? It may be time to see a professional who will cut off any split ends/faity knots you may have that are likely contributing to the tangles. I'd also recommend not waiting more than 10 days before you detangle. That way you don't allow your hair to tangle within itself.  My hair is super coily and if I wait longer than a 7-10 days to wash/condition/detangle/then style it, she starts to do her own thing"
sheisthebeesknees,p9nxdy,Olaplex No 0 and No 3 when washing in addition to protective styling.
solarpanel_d,p9nxdy,The same thing happens to me if I leave my hair out in a puff or Afro for too long without detangling. You said you left your Afro for two weeks but you should detangle weekly or it’ll get matted and knotted up as you described. Also make you that if you leave your hair out that you tie it up with a satin scarf at night to prevent too much tangling. I wash my hair weekly so I detangle in the shower and use twists to prevent tangling until I do my style. Also make sure to detangle when your hair is wet and with conditioner with some slip so you don’t rip unnecessary hair out.
usagi18,p9nxdy,"Do not let your hair get matted and tangled. Keep it separated in a moisture retaining protective style , such as twists. 

Do not rip through your hair. Invest in some cutting shears and use those to cut a knot off any time you encounter one. Do not rip through the knots with a comb, your hands, a brush, or a pick. Cut the knot off. 

Detangling should be a patient and understanding process. Listen to your hair and assess what you are feeling. Do you detangle your hair while it’s moisturized or dry ?"
weaboo801,p9nxdy,"Considering that’s how much I hair I lose after a week of not detangling, I’d say that’s not too bad 🙃

I’ve only done an Afro twice and it was an absolute pain to untangle. I think low manipulation styles may help if it’s actually breaking and not just normal shedding."
shika_Chomba,p9frn0,been growing it for 2 years now&&&
Chunswae22,p9cn6y,You could try crochet braids with curly hair
Kaylorpink,p9cn6y,Girl you better off getting a curly sew in with leave out. Use moose and perm rods to blend your hair w the weave.
LeaderGreat6577,p9cn6y,Protective Style with Extensions: What info should I give to a hairdresser if I want this style?/ What is this style called? [More info in captions]&&&&&&Thanks. Do you know of any natural-looking crochet hair? The crochet hair I see on the internet seem to look too synthetic and unnatural. I’d probably do a leave out too in the front to blend
Monasgma,p9cn6y,"That's not crochet braids. It's individual box braids, micro. Human hair. Bysid a small part. Knot and leave section unbraided. Human hair is best. Heat with hot water and add product."
NsideDaNsideda,p9cn6y,The second pic looks like crochet braids
PrincessTiaraLove,p9cn6y,If it’s a protective style then my guess would be a sew in. If this is synthetic hair then it could also be crochet braids. I’d go for a sew in though. Could also be a 3/4 wig. Either way most of your hair would have to be braided down.
sqwzmahmeatybts,p9cn6y,"This looks like crochet with a few different types of hair mixed together. I'd say a mix like Barbadian braid and deep twist, something like that, with some front  leave out"
M_Sia,p97a6s,"Yes honestly I think anyone with kinky, coily, and curly hair are free to use techniques such as detangling, deep conditioning, protective styling, head wrapping, or whatever else because those are made for our hair. I feel like Jewish people are free to do the same because a lot of them have kinky hair texture."
MrsFreshB00TY,p97a6s,"This was a very interesting read! 

I agree with the other person who commented. Protective styling is so important for your type of hair texture. Do what’s healthy for your hair, it’s not appropriating in this case. 

Also hate to hear people call you that word. From your post, you seem very respectful and considerate."
Odd-dragonherder-460,p97a6s,"Can I try protective hair styles even though I have no cultural, geographical connection?&&&Hello! First off I want to clarify that I am South Asian from South India and I was born there too. However I moved to a east asian country when I was very young.

My hair has always been very very curly unruly and thick. Even though some south asians do have curly hair, it is not like mine and my mom had no idea how to handle it as it came from my dad. My entire Dad's side of the family has very coarse curly hair like mine too. I would say mine is somewhere around 3a to 3b but some of my aunts straight up have 4c hair.

I have always wondered about my dads family's heritage and ancestory and have asked them about it as I often get mistaken as black because of my features and my father and his family too. But they always claim that they were all of Dravidian heritage and can't think of anyone who might be mixed or whatever in our family

Curious of course, I took a DNA test and it came back with 7% Ghanian. I was not shocked however, because I was suspecting but my family was shocked as they don't know how it could have been, they tracked the first few generations before us but everyone seemed to be Indian.

This was all a big relief to me as i finally had the answers. My hair is somewhat of a oddity even in the Indian culture where people do have a vast variety of hair textures too, and I always felt left out and I felt even more so as I grew up in a east asian country with girls with pin straight hair and they all used to make fun of me and my hair and call me the N-word all the time. I grew up absolutely hating it and kept straightening it to go to school. So I forced my parents to rebond my hair at the age of 12 and have regretted it since, my hair is has become so lifeless and lost its luster.

I'm 19 now and I want to do a big chop and start growing out my natural hair. I honestly have been so inspired by the black community to learn how to take care of my hair and appreciate it better and I'm so grateful for that.

That's why I was thinking of trying out a protective style to grow out my natural hair so it can grow safely. But I am hesitant to do so for fear of cultural appropriation, because only a small genetic percentage of me is black and I have 0 experience with black culture or practices or anything. I grew up as a Indian practicing Indian culture and Indian cultural practices on taking care of my hair and so forth. I have no idea about Ghanaian practices, though I do wish to visit the country and learn more about it and it's culture as I'm so curious how did my ancestors from there come to South India and settle there?(im guessing British colonialism but idk)

So is it okay for me to try? Please let me know I've been debating for a while 🥺

P.S 

Also since I've found out people here have been pressuring me to say the N-word. Im sad to say that in the country that I live it it's use very prevalent even though there are little no black people.(i think it spurs them on cus there's no one to correct them and they think there's no one to get offended over it)

I think they look at my situation as a N-word pass but I don't feel comfortable saying at all because it's a racial slur, and I have not experienced life as a African American and faced discrimination in particular for being black( though I have experienced discrimination for being a minority Dravidian in India as well as being a south asian in this country), I dont feel comfortable saying so. 

A few people have taken a liberty to trying to force me to say it and some have already called me the slur so idk what to do about that either. :("
TonyTonyChopper718,p97a6s,"Do what is best for your hair. Us blacks do protective styling bc that is what’s best for our hair. Box braids and twists isn’t what’s best for a white persons hair so it’s just stupid for them to have it and why it’s seen as appropriation. We don’t know what your hair looks like, but if you think protective styling is what’s best for you hair type due to what you are ethnically then you should just get them. But like I said, while they do look good, blacks get these types of styles bc it is also what is really good for our hair👍🏽

Also being “7%” of anything doesn’t mean jack in today’s society. Due to colonization, the transatlantic slave trade, and the fact that humans originated from Africa, most people will some bit of African blood and from other places they’ve never heard of. That still doesn’t make you black or African imo 👍🏽"
world2021,p97a6s,"Girl, you come from one of the most discriminated-against peoples on earth and don't let anyone tell you otherwise without pointing them to a library. 

Though if you start using the n-word, I can't support you. At all. Assuming you continue to refuse to use it/ consistently counter with 'black', I'll share my observations as someone who grew up in a genuinely multicultural environment and as someone who also has no idea (slight exaggeration) what it's like to be AA either because I'm not... American, nor African. 🤷🏾‍♀️ 

Firstly, I've never met an Indian woman who didn't practise protective styling and Indian people (as a whole) have the longest, thickest hair of all humans. I think that's due to a combination of having such thick hairs (I'm guessing you have little need for mascara, although that may be a more N. Indian/ Pakistani trait) and the practice of almost exclusively plaiting the hair. Enjoy that hair while you're young because, unfortunately, the thickness of your hair strands will one day betray you in terms of noticeable thinning. 

Secondly, I'm not sure what you have in mind when you refer to protective styling but as other posters have warned, the practices we use can cause irreversible long-term issues for black women so use these methods carefully and only for as long as needed. Others have given better advice on that here. Once your hair is long enough, switch to styles other Indian women use such as a few simple plaits. Are there no forums hair for women from your background to help you? Perhaps you've learnt enough here you don't need anything else right now.

In any case, stop it with this 7% back thing. By all means take an interest in whatever you want and visit any country you're able. I'm aware your skin may or may not be darker than that of many black people. Regardless, in waving around a spurious piece of paper to back up your claim to blackness, all you're doing is inviting negative comments from the racists around you. You'll also piss off many black people. So don't do it. 

Finally, understand that you have no control over how other people perceive you. If a few people on reddit say it's not cultural appropriation after you write a long explanation, it won't stop others who see you in a picture on ig, for example, from immediately saying it is if that's how they feel. You cannot go around explaining or justifying yourself to everyone. No one can give you permission. Nor can you protect yourself from all criticism. Just make decisions with the best of intentions based on what works best for your hair on your head. (Just don't make a profit from what you've gained from black people black  à là the Kardashians or chef English chef Jamie Oliver and his ridiculous 'Jerk rice', without in some way giving back.) Best wishes."
yeshsal,p97a6s,"I would not recommend any of these styles, as honestly many of them are not really protective. 

They can cause traction alopecia as constant tension is put on the hair and scalp. 

It's something many black women suffer from because of constant use without breaks.   


Wash and condition once a week, style with mousse and dry thoroughly. That's it.   


[https://twitter.com/JenniferRoseNYC](https://twitter.com/JenniferRoseNYC) \- for amazing advice from a licensed cosmo."
CatDecoy,p93qlz,"Hair coming out of box braids&&&I got box braids last Thursday and I’m scared I might have to take them out which feels like a waste of money. My hair was really short when getting them so I didn’t expect them to last too long before my hair started slipping out. But 9 days just doesn’t feel like enough. 

Is there anything I can do to make them last at least another 1.5 weeks? I have a trip coming up that I was hoping to have them for and then I’m fine taking them out. I already sleep with a satin bonnet and satin pillowcase but no luck with that. I can’t braid close to the scalp so I can’t redo the messy ones sadly. But any tips to lay down my hair so that it isn’t noticeable would be greatly appreciated!&&&They’re coming out where my natural hair ends, so it’s like my hair is slipping out of the braids. My hair was super short, about a 1-2 inches in the back and 3-4 inches in the front. But my braider had a good grip so I thought it would be fine. At first I tried just cutting off the ends of my hair that stuck out but it seems to only temporarily help and I don’t want to keep cutting my real hair just to make the braids look nice :/"
Infinite-Swordfish97,p93qlz,Edge control could be a temporary solution. Where’s the hair sticking out or is the braid about to come out entirely?
Adept_Choice,p93iix,I would guess 4B but I could definitely be wrong! I don’t even know my own 😝
Cherryloe,p93iix,4b
Jonbb20,p93iix,"Okay i was told in order to find out my hair type 4A 4B or 4C i needed to post pictures of my hair wet, here they are&&&&&&Thanks it is still short so its harder to see&&&Thanks&&&Wow that is a deep explanation i have to test some of the hairs i have laying around thanks again&&&Lmao thanks&&&I probably do i dnt want emm to trim to much off tho and thanks&&&Thanks lol"
KEnyinna,p93iix,4b. It looks like you need a trim too. Your ends look a bit thin.
Omgmaps,p93iix,My guess is 4 a or 4b the only thing I know for sure is type 4 lol
Sharp_Tip2166,p93iix,It’s 4a for sure probably with some 4b mixed in
spinachbuteaten,p93iix,I think 4A but I wrote a post explaining very in depth how to type your hair right [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/Naturalhair/comments/oh3019/could_someone_help_me_identify_my_hair_type/h4n8hws/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf&context=3)
82shninklebot,p90xnd,"How many days do you go before washing?&&&I want to make it a full week but my hair gets too dry, fuzzy, and tangled. Refreshing doesn’t really work either because when I spray water and put a little more product in my hair feels gummy. Do you have any suggestions? 

Edit: I have low porosity 3c hair by the way. I wear a bonnet to bed or at least use a silk scrunchie in a pineapple with my silk pillowcases&&&When you refresh with water and leave in do you comb through your hair?"
Kcvexo,p90xnd,A week to a week and a half
dreamboogie,p90xnd,"I go a week between washes. My hair is low porosity so I try to refresh with water and a leave in everyday otherwise it gets dry. If your hair is feeling gummy I’d try using a lighter cream product or using only one product (if you’re mixing two). To avoid frizz and tangles, I keep my hair in braids of twists and always wear a bonnet to bed. I only take my hair out if I’m going out and I usually will put it back in a braid or twist before I go to sleep."
world2021,p90xnd,Wash your hair as often as you need to and do not make weekly washing a goal.
Duhneeka1,p90bcq,I had that when I used leave in and eco styler at the same time. My hair was looking like a white Christmas
Infinite-Swordfish97,p90bcq,Product. Either your combo isn’t working or you’re using too much of something
mochigoodness,p90bcq,"Are you using a leave-in product?  If it's not coming from your scalp, it's probably your products."
realized_fox,p90bcq,"Could be dead skin trying to leave the planet but got stuck in some atmospheric turbulence...

I mean leave your scalp but got caught in your hair. Pretty common for dreads and other tightly bound hairstyles."
wonderful9235,p90bcq,Does anyone know what these flakes are that I’m seeing while taking down my twist out?&&&
yeshsal,p90bcq,Probably using too much product. Mousse or wrap foam and dry it thoroughly is all you need!
