index,id,comments
CatDojo,pw75aa,I have been using Design Essentials and As I Am a lot lately. Design Essentials deep conditioning mask in the avocado line seems very strengthening and As I Am Coconut deep conditioning mask is really hydrating and smells fabulous. Both companies are black owned with a black CEO.
CoffeeB4Talkie,pw75aa,Mielle Organics-Babassu and mint DC
Miriam-Esi,pw75aa,Black owned replacements for Shea Moisture JBCO hair mask/deep conditioner?&&&
lifeisAde,pw75aa,Hmm.. Haven’t used Shea moisture in years but I love TGIN honey miracle hair mask and as I Am deep conditioner
sammyfire2001,pw75aa,I suggest Miche Strengthen DC.
whotiesyourshoes,pw75aa,"I was using TGIN honey miracle right before I decided to loc and  liked it a lot.

Also like Mielle Babassu and mint. I used it every other month to keep shedding at bay but keep in mind its a protein conditoner.  For me that meant I had to do moisturizing conditioner after or my hair was very dry."
SCAalleylurker,pw5cyl,"Can ""no oils/butters/creams"" work for long term protective styling?&&&Hey there! 

I've wanted to try the 30 day detox/no oils and butters for awhile so that I could minimize the time in my routine as well as see my type 4 hair curl/ pop.  

However, I've been doing a lot of protective styling this past year in small/medium sized box braids since it's less manipulation on my hair while wearing it. I know box braids can be a lot of manipulation by installing the style but thats beside the point. I've been able to retain a lot of length that way. 

But when it comes to the take down, there's generally a lot of  hardened build up  that needs to be separated with my type 4b/4c hair. I can successfully do that with a mix of a hot oil treatment and conditioner and go through my wash day. 

I am pretty curious in seeing how possibly cutting oil out of my routine would affect my hair when it comes to taking down my braids. Would I have excessive tangling without using oils to help the take down process? How can my hair retain length if I don't use creams to lock in that moisture while the style is installed for a month? 

I would truly appreciate any response since I don't think anyone has posted on this specfic topic before. 

Thanks!"
TargetUnusual,pw5cyl,"You can if your hair isn’t ‘dehydrated’ The 30 detox encourages wearing your natural hair and cleansing every 7–10 days even in braids. They caution that the longer you leave your hair in those styles expect dryer,  more damaged hair."
Brave-Writer7965,pw2ma2,"Depending on the extent of the damage, you can rebuild the integrity of your hair with protein treatments. The at home ones will do some work but the professional salon ones will do some WERK. I just got my second DRC treatment done and it seriously just saved me from another big chop. My hair is definitely not 100% resurrected, but it has strength, shrinkage and shine. And I was actively hunting down a barber. Best of luck!"
Disney_Villian,pw2ma2,"If it is not breaking off you don’t have to chop off all of your hair.  It won’t revert but it’s not the end of the world.  Keep it washed weekly-biweekly.  Get a good pro quality deep conditioner (design essentials, joico, Kenra come to mind) use it weekly for the time it says on the bottle.  Use a blowdry lotion or leave in conditioner and just blowout your hair to blend the textures.  You can do braid out styles on the blown out hair.  If you’re a wig person you can easily braid down your hair and wig it up.  Use lighter oils and serums instead of heavy oils.  Heat on hair that has buildup causes the damage, and people who don’t know what they are doing cause damage.

Get quarterly trims by a professional on pressed hair…just check the reviews on the person.  If you follow the above regimen your hair will grow out healthy and you won’t have to chop it all off."
Every_Squash_4543,pw2ma2,This might not be what you want to hear but cutting it may be your best option. When I had heard damage to my 4c I desperately didn't want to cut it so I tried my best to keep it healthy but since 4c hair is so tightly coiled the damaged hair with a different curl pattern was very obvious and looked horrible when I did certain styles. I eventually cut it but I didn't do all at once. I'd cut like half of an inch every now and then until earlier this year I cut about the last 4 inches of damaged hair. It seemed like the end of the world at first but hair grows back.
Gothxxy,pw2ma2,"I have 4c and its been horror ever since&&&my mom got my hair badly done by someone on my birthday and it now has bad heat damage its thin,my ends are  straight and my hair won't go back to normal what can i do to fix it&&&thank you&&&thank you&&&thank you all for your comments"
Impossible_Tip8385,pw2ma2,Regular cuts & olio plex
Learning_machine_,pw2ma2,I’ve heard people say once they tried olaplex no.3 or no.2 (by a professional) their curls came back. It’s supposed to repair the sulfide bonds in your hair that break from heat or chemical damage to the hair. I would give this a try first before cutting it. Don’t use any other products from olaplex as they have sulfate and silicones in their shampoo and conditioner.
OMGSafeword,pw2ma2,+1 to this! Heat damaged hair is already damaged. Try to get a healthy cut for it and it’ll be fine once it has had the chance to grow out
okamauri,pw2ma2,I’m so sorry but you will have to do a big chop. Once your hair is heat damaged there’s nothing you can do to revert so u either deal w it in the texture it is and let it grow out longer before cutting it or cut it now and start fresh.
poochee_pansy,pw2ma2,"Since heat damage changes the structure of your hair, the only way to repair it is to cut off the affected hair. I know it's hard to essentially start fresh again, but it's pretty much the only way.

After that you'll need to be extra careful with your hair. Wear low manipulation styles, detangle carefully, and establish a healthy regimen. Stay away from heat for a while until your hair has had time to recover. 

Unless you absolutely want to, you won't need to abandon heat forever. You can get a blow out or a press every now and then, but make sure you only do one pass with the flat iron and don't over do it with the temperature.

And the most important thing — never go back to that stylist ever again. Next time you want to get your hair done by someone else, be sure you trust who's doing it. Good luck!"
superrichstoner,pw2ma2,"You can try using a protein treatment which wont’t get it 100% fixed, but more than likely you’ll have to just cut it"
Disney_Villian,pvx7bv,"Your hair will frizz if you disturb it before it dries.  A wash n go is a form of wet set similar to how we use to get a rollerset back in the day.  You stayed in the dryer until your hair was DRY and the hairdresser would do what felt like 10 people while you would sit under the dryer.  same principle applies here.  You can do your hair early in the day so it dries before bed or you can get a bonnet dryer OR  hair dryer with a diffuser attachment to dry it faster.

If your hair is long enough twist it in big sections before putting your bonnet on so it won’t get smooshed.  You’ll just need to fluff it out in the am.  

If the wash n go doesn’t work for you, you can blow dry your hair and then curl the blown out hair. You also have the option of doing perm rod sets, flexi rod sets etc.  you don’t have to do a wash n go style all the time or ever."
Flamentix,pvx7bv,"Wash N Go's and Shrinkage&&&I did a wash n go yesterday night using the raking method. My hair is still very short around TWA length. When I had finished, it was extremely defined and the curls were pretty bouncy. When I went to sleep with my bonnet on and woke up the next day, the curls had shrunk to tiny, frizzy coils. I'm not talking about small shrinkage AT ALL, like this was substantial, as if I hadn't done a wash n' go in the first place. The hair was still drying and fairly wet as well. Is this something that's going to get better with length? Are there ways of combatting this that don't add a lot of time to an already lengthy process?"
StonedKitten-420,pvx7bv,"Try blow drying & or/ banding method before bed. But depending on your hair texture, you’ll just have to get used to the shrinkage. Never expect what your hair looks like immediately after adding product. You’ll have to wait for it to sit & fully dry to get a real idea of how your hair reacts. Also, humid weather will make your hair shrink anyway. As a person with a 4C cloud, I’ve learned this."
flirtandflutter,pvx7bv,"It could be that sleeping on it you squished/mashed the hair to your scalp with your pillow/bed. I would try not going to bed with wet hair and see if that helps? 

That said there will always be some level of smushing/shringkage when you sleep. I usually just manually shake my hair out a bit....like literally shaking my head and then if needed smoothing/pulling away the hair."
2oatmeal_cookies,pvwysy,I only deep conditioning once every few months and my hair is thick and healthy.
KEnyinna,pvwysy,Yes. It's necessary
Miriam-Esi,pvwysy,Deep conditioning is good but I dont think it needs to be weekly. I do mine weekly but I’m fine if I skip a week or two. Some people wash their hair very rarely and some regularly. I have high porosity hair so I use deep conditioners with protein most of the time.
Stormcaster06,pvwysy,"I don’t quite understand where the belief that DC’s are for damaged hair is coming from. However, that is not at all the case for me."
aquariumjello,pvwysy,"I think it (like most other hair routine type questions), depends on your hair and what it needs!

My hair stylist, who has taught me so many things that have helped my hair grow and become healthy over the year, has told me that my hair has very low porosity. So for me, my hair has to be REALLY WET before I apply any products and I need intense moisture because my hair cuticle “closes” very quickly when the water starts to dry. So I use a deep conditioner every week and that’s worked wonders for my hair, which was always very dry and scratchy before

If you don’t have low porosity hair, you may not need deep conditioner every week. I would think it really depends on your hair characteristics and environment where you live (dry vs humid, etc)"
black_beautytlc,pvwysy,"Are deep conditioners/masques really necessary?&&&I've been hearing lately how using a deep conditioner every week is actually useless because they are meant for damaged hair, thoughts?&&&That last statement you made is absolutely correct. I hate when other naturals make blanket statements about hair care when everyone's hair characteristics are different. I am high porosity and get moisture overload quickly. Dc-ing weekly didn't do anything different than what a conditioner does expect my hair felt mushy and limp so I stretched it to once a month or longer.&&&Hmm.. I got moisture overload when I used anything but a rinse out conditioner every week so I stretched using a dc to once a month and my hair is flourishing. Different strokes I guess🤷🏾‍♀️.&&&How so? What about natural hair with conditions such as Seborrheic Dermatitis or dandruff?"
cookie_monster_911,pvwysy,Yeah on a weekly basis it’s quite pointless. I only deep condition like once a month or every 2 months even with dyed/bleached hair.
goldn90s,pvwysy,"it really depends. i stopped doing hair masks/deep conditioning on my hair two years ago and my hair has never been so healthy. i only use them before and after i straighten it (about twice a year) but other than that, i stick to my normal shampoo - conditioner - leave in - oil routine and it works just fine. it really depends on what your hair likes and prefers"
kirbywise,pvwysy,"Yes they're really helpful but every week may be excessive depending on your hair type. My hair is low porosity so it has a tendency to get dry. It's really helpful for me to sleep in a deep conditioner or use some sort of heat with the deep conditioner to keep it soft and moisturized after a protective style or in a fro.

My hair isn't damaged at all though. It's for the upkeep, and the vitamins/massages from the deep conditioner maintain its heath and help it grow. My hair grows incredibly fast this way."
merhpeh,pvwysy,"First time I heard it was on Twitter, either from a Black Girl Curls hairstylist or another hairstylist that interacts with hairstylists that kind of follow the BGC philosophy. The idea is that deep conditioning is not a preventative practice, but, a restorative one. And that the length of time it takes you to detangle while conditioner sits in your hair (<20 mins), is all the time the conditioner needs to do its job (if your hair is in a health state)."
ontariodwarf,pvwysy,"Like other people are saying, it depends on what your hair needs and I also think it depends on what the ingredients are. Some deep conditioners are just regular conditioners with more highly concentrated ingredients but others actually have ingredients that need time to penetrate the hair shaft or adsorb. Most oils and a lot of proteins need time and/or heat to adsorb/penetrate. For healthy hair, moisturizing deep conditioner might just make your hair feel softer and protein ingredients probably aren’t necessary. I wouldn’t say they’re just for damaged hair but I think they’re one of those things that only work if you actually need them"
shida206,pvwysy,"Derp conditioner isn't for damaged hair, it is for all hair to prevent damage and aid in moisture.   It is necessary for healthy hair."
thefirstrastabarbie,pvwysy,"I've been doing mine weekly with heat for the past two years and have never looked back. It depends on what you're going for, like if you want hair that's consistently smooth/moisturized, easy to detangle, and retains length then it's the first step you gotta take. It definitely isn't just for damaged hair, if anything it's a precautionary step to keep your hair healthy and away from damage."
viethepious,pvwysy,"Anything having to do with weekly/daily maintenance and natural hair should be met with caution…imo. 

Our hair is not meant for daily/weekly meddling."
xandrachantal,pvwysy,No. They can fun for a at home spa day but mainly they're a waste of time
BigDaddyBolby,pvrrua,"I found it here on [eBay](https://www.ebay.com/itm/Hate-Wash-Day-Try-Our-All-Natural-Aloe-Rose-Detangling-Spray-/164547045008?mkcid=16&mkevt=1&_trksid=p2349624.m46890.l49286&mkrid=711-127632-2357-0) for $5 cheaper and imma try it out, thanks 💪🏾"
MissD34,pvrrua,I swear by [this](https://www.princessdgifts.com/products/aloe-rose-detangling-spray). It’s not a cowash but it’s really good at melting tangles and moisturizing your hair. 💞
No-Base8204,pvrrua,"Does anyone know any good detangling Co-Wash to try?&&&Currently, I was using the As I am Dry & Itchy Co-Wash, I just ordered the regular version from Sally's Beauty.

I'm still looking for something with slip.

Any suggestions?"
jdoe36,pvrrua,"I've had great results with Herbal Essence Hello Hydration conditioner or Aussie 3 minute miracle moist conditioner. Neither are cowashes, but I use them as such."
katy789,pvrrua,My favorite detangler is Wakati Water Activated Conditioner at Target. It is not a co wash
poochee_pansy,pvrrua,Hold up...a conditioner can be substituted as a co-wash? How do you use a conditioner to cleanse?
sierra-8767,pvrrua,I use Shea Moisture Coconut and Hibiscus Co-Wash Conditioning Cleanser
BibliophileMary,pvlru0,My hair didn't like those products either.
CeCeGallagher,pvlru0,Leave in needs a sealant. So either oil or grease to lock in the moisture
Electrical-Comb-1252,pvlru0,OGX makes great 'poos n conditioners that r sulfate/paraben free and reasonable in cost.
IanMilton,pvlru0,"Coconut oil doesn’t work for everyone, I would try a new moisturizer and you should do a leave-in"
KEnyinna,pvlru0,Try the Shea Moisture Manuka Honey line instead!
Kjnema,pvlru0,"I already saw a lot of great comments, it could be that coconut just isn’t for your hair just like it isn’t for me. You could also try going sulfate free. I have used garnier for years and after a while it just dried it out. I then switched to sulfate free products (cantu shampoo, Camille rose agave gel is amazing, and innersense but it’s super expensive…) hope you find something that works because your hair is beautiful! Goodluck"
Learning_machine_,pvlru0,"But her concern isn’t definition, it’s moisture and gel doesn’t add moisture."
Lynnise,pvlru0,"You need to add a product that locks in the moisture. When I only use leave-in conditioner, my hair looks the same. I started using African pride shea butter and flaxseed curling cream on top of my leave in, and it makes my hair look defined and moisturized."
Mastodon_Equal,pvlru0,"Use pure Argon Oil, daily application and then try the Cantu line of products."
Mia_classic,pvlru0,My hair looks so dry and these are the only products I use&&&&&&The buttercream in the picture is a “leave in treatment” but that’s all I use unfortunately
No-Base8204,pvlru0,Do you use a leave-in or a daily moisturizer?
OG-beesknees,pvlru0,Try switching to Pantene pro V for dry hair (moisture something). Their conditioners are rich and creamy - always fixes my hair when its dry!
OMGSafeword,pvlru0,"I would recommend using a hydrating shampoo and hydrating conditioner, like Aussie. When you hair is drying, try applying mousse or a light hold gel to bring out the definition of your curls. Oils will bring shine to your hair, but adding water and gel will preserve the ringlets."
SandwichLoud1185,pvlru0,Well yeah because it’s just glycerin and oil… those are not moisturizers
TuffTitti,pvlru0,"you need to add oils to this product line - almond oil, jojoba oil etc and spritz the hair daily with plain old water or a water/conditioner mix"
Understanding_Naive,pvlru0,Its the coconut oil. Be careful because its not for every hair type.
cookie_monster_911,pvlru0,The butter cream isn’t a styler. You need to use gel to define your curls better
edi_confetti,pvlru0,Maybe try a protein treatment. That usually really helps my hair when it feels dry. I know you can try like the little envelope sample things before you splurge on a whole bottle. Try a moisturizing hair mask every two weeks for a while.
eggoverdose,pvlru0,doesn’t aussie contain ingredients that are damaging for curly hair?
katy789,pvlru0,"I look up this line, and all the products have protein and coconut oil in them. Any time you see the words ""fortifying"" or ""reparing"", be careful because it can be too much protein. Since you have been using the whole line, it could be too much for your hair. As others have said coconut oil doesn't work well for many people. I avoid any product with coconut oil."
liteskinnedbeauty,pvlru0,"My hair ABSOLUTELY HATES coconut oil! I have to read every single curly hair product ingredients because of it...and too many have it in them. Coconut oil dries the hell out if my hair - doesn't matter how high or low on the ingredients list it is. Try products that don't have it in them and se If that makes a difference.

Also 'check your hair POROSITY. Mine is low porosity, so anything with ""protein"" in it hardens my hard and dries out. So I stay away from that too (ex: coconut, wheat hydrolyzed protein, etc)"
micecreamcone,pvlru0,"Agree with all of this, especially that OP has beautiful hair!"
moon180819,pvlru0,"I don't know if they sell these in your area but I recommend the Avocado Oil line of the Garnier products. For this ""Curl Nourish"" line the pectin fruit and pistachio oil one. Even if they're supermarket bought those are some of the best on my hair, relaxed, transitioning and post-transition. Their ""Hair Food"" line is also very good, I recommend. I think as long as you avoid the coconut oil your hair should be fine. I also recommend anything with Argain Oil (OGX has some great products too)"
portaporpoise,pvlru0,"There’s a high probability that those products use dimethicone (or similar silicone). At first, products with silicones make your curls seem shiny and defined. The problem is it coats the hair and keeps moisture out. With continued use the hair just gets drier. Some people will start to feel a waxy buildup. 

Use a clarifying shampoo to get the buildup out. You only need to use this every once in a while; it’s not a daily shampoo. If you want a drugstore brand, I think Neutrogena makes a good one. 

After that you can focus on adding moisture. Somebody recommended Cantu and I fully agree. When you look at hair products try to find one that says silicone free. You can also check the ingredients. If you see dimethicone or pretty much anything else ending in -cone or -ol, I recommend staying away. Sulfate free is also great. 

Lol sorry for writing you a novel! My natural hair journey was a long one, and I got help from a lot of great people so I love to pass it along. Good luck! And you’re gorgeous"
raptorclvb,pvlru0,"I looked up the shampoo and conditioner on isitcg.com and they both have lots of drying alcohols. That in addition to the coconut oil/Shea butter/other oils that others mentioned can be what’s causing the issue with your hair.

Try taking the [hair texture quiz on Naturally Curly](https://www.naturallycurly.com/quiz) to see what your texture and porosity is. If you’re low porosity, chances are you have a protein sensitivity, which means you’d be going away from the oils, etc. And also avoiding the alcohols as they (in general for all types of curly hair) dry it out immensely 

I’ve had success with Aussie and OGX branded products. Not Your Mother’s line is hit or miss, but that’s also commonly found with these two products. 

As for now, maybe try a deep conditioner by Jessicurl, Mierelle, Mixed Chicks, etc. Just ensure there aren’t any butters in it. Usually labels with “moisturizing” is what you’d look for, vs “strengthening”, but double check the labels as well

isitcg.com is a good resource to ensure products don’t have alcohols, drying agents, etc that’ll mess up your hair"
shibbieee,pvlru0,"No sulfates/sulfites was a game changer taming frizz and defining my curl pattern for me, hope that may help u too!"
xandrachantal,pvlru0,Blue magic
Original_Eagle9018,pvlbo2,"Best protective style for swimming ?&&&My sister and I are planning to go away in January for a birthday trip. Long story short, I don’t want the hassle of doing my hair, so I’d like to get braids, however we would most likely be swimming everyday in the ocean/pool. Does anyone have any advice or previous experience with how their braids went with this and how they rinsed them ect ?"
AffectionateAnarchy,pvjnvs,"Sorry idk much about sew ins but if you dont go to the beach often, make sure to get something that is easy to wash because even if you dont get in the water salt from the air will still get in your hair and youll wanna wash it each night when you come in"
Butlindaa,pvjnvs,"Jamaica Vacation&&&Hi 
Going to Jamaica the end of next mont wanted to do a that front blithe back and the back hair wet and wavy sew in but my sister says it’s not a good idea to do due to swimming in such 
Anybody else have an know or have gotten to the beach with the sew in? 
Bad idea?"
Electrical-Ad6485,pvjnvs,"I usually get a curly or wavy wig sewn on when I go on beach vacations. My hair is braided underneath, and I don’t have to deal with my natural hair while there. I wash the wig daily after swimming."
yana-forever,pvjnvs,"Hi, as someone who lives in Jamaica and basically always at the beach, i’ve witnessed that best is a wig that you can wash daily or even better braids,locs etc. The sew in isn’t bad the salt water build up is hard to get out and causes major damage (well it did to me at least)"
BelladonnaFatale666,pvinp2,Silk cap
Daddysmainbitch,pvinp2,"If you want FAST. You can do a pineapple, which is just putting your hair up. If your hair is too short you can do multiple puffs: 

Ex: https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcSoyydLcJdpQKKfeuh85WIVMsz5JDTKdNFR6A&usqp=CAU

But ain’t no such thing as a fast protective style lol"
Mylole,pvinp2,Any protective hair style suggestions? Like something fast to do when I’m going to sleep?&&&&&&Ok would there be any benefit to wearing my bonnet over the buns or puffs?
geopiie,pvinp2,Grace Eleyae slap cap
-NotForSale-,pvgqxo,"Try ‘em both out,  it don’t have to be your forever style 

Your natural hair is drop dead gorgeous ."
Angelinapatina,pvgqxo,That’s a good price! Make sure to moisturize your hair really well before getting it braided. I would get Knotless braids because it’s less tension on your hair plus they look more real. Knotless braids don’t have big knots like regular braids do.
Cherryloe,pvgqxo,Knotless
Mia_classic,pvgqxo,"I don’t know if knot-less or box braids will be better for my hair (more info in the comments)&&&&&&This is my hair on a somewhat good day…
I’m looking to get my hair professionally braided for the first time, but I’m not sure which style of braids will be best for me or what the real difference between the two is. Both are similarly priced (~$200 not including price for hair) and have similar times (3 1/2 hrs) so I’m really not sure"
Wertyasda,pvgqxo,"It’s personal preference.

Knottless is supposedly better for the health of the hair - you receive less product buildup"
favangryblkgirl,pvgqxo,"It really depends on your preference! I think if you’re going to an experienced braided your hair will be fine regardless! I’ve had both of them before and I personally just prefer box braids, but that’s a me-thing."
fraidyfrank,pvgqxo,I think it's more of a preference. I personally prefer knotless because they tend to look more natural.
JadeKO420,pvcimn,"“My Hair Only Has Definition When It’s Wet” SOLUTIONS&&&&&&Disclaimer: I have low porosity hair. Natural for six years. Because of how insane people get over hair typing, I don’t exactly know my type(s) but one of the types I for SURE have is 4a. 

My hair separates and each ringlet is visible when drenched. When my hair is dry, you can’t even tell it has a pattern. It shrinks and is prone to frizz. These are not issues at all, I’m about to go to a festival with my husband and wanted to do my hair. 

METHOD:
-2-strand twist out right after washing hair. Slept on it with bonnet. Yes, my hair dries overnight in twists. 
-next day, I put each twist into four sections 
-as I unravel each twist, I gel it immediately. I use THREE different gels and I’ll explain why below!! ❤️
-I diffuse half of one section then do the other half. On medium heat, high pressure. While using tension method. 

Products. In order of Application:
Clay Mask: (done once a month) Rhassoul Clay + apple cider vinegar + hibiscus powder + jojoba oil. 
Shampoo: Viori shampoo bar
Conditioner: Mielle Organics Protein free deep conditioner 
Leave-in spray: Biolage Smooth Shine Milk
Leave-in cream: Curlsmith Weightless Air Dry Cream
**No added or separate oil.** It doesn’t do anything spectacular to my hair, believe me, I’ve tried every oil and my hair just doesn’t like that. Plus there’s high quality oil in my leave-in cream. 

I apply gel on completely dry and separated twists. This cuts down on shrinkage and provides the most definition possible for my hair type. 

Gel 1: Eco Styler Argan Oil Gel
Gel 2: Curlsmith Hydroflex Jelly
Gel 3: Curls Blueberry Pomade

Ok. I’m going to explain the three gels. I use Eco Argan because it’s hydrating and cheap. My hair is SO resistant to water, but this gel, I can glob it on and it has no choice but to take it. Next, the hydroflex jelly prevents a hard cast from forming and locks in moisture. Lastly, the pomade is used on my very stubborn ends. I prayer hands the gel on. NEVER raking. That’ll ruin everything. I don’t even need to shingle with this method. 

No, it doesn’t cause flaking. And because of the soft hold these three create I get 5-7 days out of this style. 

I hope this helps if you have completely hydrophobic hair that refuses to hold a curl once you leave the shower!!! 💁🏾‍♀️💁🏾‍♀️💁🏾‍♀️&&&You’re very welcome!!! ❤️❤️&&&They’re medium. It’s probably around 30-36 twists on my whole head.&&&Trust me. It’s been tried but it doesn’t work for me

-causes shrinkage
-adds frizz&&&That does NOT work for me lol. And in the post I mentioned that I diffuse but after gel is applied on dry hair. 

It’d be different if I posted this and didn’t like my hair or needed help, I’ve tried that and more and I do not like the results. I have to gel my hair dry or else it’ll shrink and tangle to hell. And break."
Smooth-Barnacle-489,pvcimn,Try just using gel on your wet hair and I mean completely soaking. Diffuse or hood dry if possible
answermanias,pvcimn,How many twists do you do and are they small medium?
attackofthefupacabra,pvcimn,Omg thank you for this!!! 🙏🏽🙏🏽🙏🏽
byakuganKING,pvcimn,Just a heavy gel and leave-in and a brush would do the trick
No_Name_584,pv83e8,Same! Nice to know we’re not alone
SadGrill08,pv83e8,Why is it always the back of the head :( mine is like that too
Wertyasda,pv83e8,"I HAVE THIS!!! I’m 4b-4c. Short-Mid length hair.

Earlier this year, I found it annoying because all I want to do is to be able to tye my hair back and have that seamless look but whatever.

Yes, I too have decided to just call the front of my hair a ‘fringe’ - and OFCOURSE, Type 4 haired people can have fringes, lol.

Since this summer, I’ve learnt alot about my hair and so I’ve pretty much embraced the uneven hair-ness.

I just try to find styles that work for my hair shape.

( I could cut it into a shape… but I’m only willing to do that when my overall hair grows longer)."
cannes__,pv83e8,"I’m dealing with the exact same thing now and we have the same texture of hair. I hardly ever wear buns or ponytails because the same thing happens to me, the sides of the front of my hair will just stick out and it can get rather annoying sometimes. To answer your question, yes, you can have bangs with any texture of hair. Good to know I’m not alone though lol"
disneysslythprincess,pv83e8,It's normal don't worry. The back of my head is like 4a and way longer and softer than the rest of my 4c head.
llia155,pv83e8,"Uneven hair&&&Hi guys, I was just wondering if any other people with natural hair have uneven hair. I have uneven hair especially at the front, my hair forms bangs almost. Is this normal or is my hair damaged? When ever I tie my hair into a bun the front parts stick upwards as it too short so I have to braid it side ways. Is this normal 🥺🥺 I just call them bangs because they look like it. Is it also possible for people with 4c/b (or just natural hair in general) to have bangs ?
Thank you:)!&&&That’s exactly how my hair is lol 😅 it’s frustrating but it is what it is💖"
Bear_Bones_mom,pv6ja5,It’s not atypical but it’s not how it has to be. Do you know anyone whose hair you like? ask them who they see. If you choose to go back to that person I might ask her when her slow days are so you can communicate clearly without feeling like a bother.
Daddysmainbitch,pv6ja5,"That’s how my first experience was at the salon. I was getting a silk press and a couple other ppl came in to get their hair done. Then she was really yanking my hair, and was 30min late to the appt, but idk I still like her. Everything she told you is factual tho, I would tell her next time could you get it smaller."
JadeKO420,pv6ja5,"The majority of them are like this with no apology. 

That’s why I do my hair at home except for an annual haircut."
M_Aku,pv6ja5,"If you do choose to go back let her know that you are tenderheaded and need your hair carefully detangled( she should have been doing it carefully anyways). Also ask to see the size of one twist before she finishes the rest. Some stylists will take a client not saying anything as a go-ahead to do whatever they want, so you have to keep checking in."
OmegaFoxFire,pv6ja5,"Was my stylist unprofessional?&&&I (male) have been growing out my hair for about a year and went to a salon for the first time to get twists. 

First thing I noticed was that she was very busy and backed up. But she gave me a free deep conditioning treatment as compensation. Then when she was done with her other client, she came and starting detangling my hair aggressively and I’m pretty sure she started from the root instead of the tip. I’m tender headed and it was very painful and took a few minutes. 

I wanted to get a trim too but she said if she trimmed before getting the twists, the twist would unravel and that I would just have to go back another time. She asked me what size I want and I said mini but I guess she didn’t understand me because she just asked me to show her a picture. In hindsight the picture I showed may not have been that clear but I expected her to speak up. While she was twisting she said my hair was “soft” and that’s why it is a bit harder to twist. Keep in mind I have probably 3c/4a hair (I don’t really know but I’m guessing from other people). She did my twists bigger than expected and they came out a little flat. It took around 30 minutes when I was expecting it to take an hour. Someone told me that she should have done one and showed me the size to see if that was good. Honestly it made me want to cry but I still paid her anyways cause it was my first time at a salon.

I kept they in for 2 weeks as a protective style because I wasn’t going anywhere anyways. But now I’m wondering was my experience unprofessional and she was rushing because she was busy? Or is this normally how it is in salons? That experience made me not like salons and now I am going to learn how to do my own hair."
TuffTitti,pv6ja5,"She was rushing because it was busy AND that's how normally it is in salons. 

I like to detangle my hair before I get to the salon and go on the least busiest days. This is what black women have to deal with every time we go to a salon. Many times I just prefer to do my own hair so it's good to learn how to do your hair the way you prefer it."
Zealousideal_Lemon93,pv6ja5,"Yup for my first time getting my hair braided, I let the braider take the lead Bc I figured they do this hours a day and are experienced. But after my second visit (cried when I got home and took them out a few days after to let me scalp rest) I realized they braid a ton of people and that everyone is different/want something different. The next time I went in, I communicated along the way and my experience went so much better. If it isn’t a terrible experience and the twists still came out nice, it wouldn’t be a bad idea to go back! Just communicate fully about the tenderness/detangling, ask to hold onto a mirror so you can follow along and check in, and ask to see the twist size. if the person who did your twists responds well to your requests, then they care. I’ve had braiders redo a couple braids for me and they were really nice about it."
cannes__,pv6ja5,"I’m so sorry you had to go through that. It doesn’t hurt to learn how to style your own hair, but I hope you still consider going to a salon again at some point. When I went to a hair salon for the first time, my experience was pleasant. I made sure to tell my stylist that I had a sensitive scalp and she listened to what I said. She detangled my hair from tip to root and I didn’t feel much pain at all. When styling, she made sure to ask if I was okay and if it got to a point where I felt pain, she was much more gentle with my hair. She also answered and questions and concerns I had about maintaining my style and gave me tips on how to work with my hair in its natural state. 
I agree that your stylist should have showed you how the first twist looked before continuing and it’s not an excuse to say your hair is too soft to twist because it’s definitely possible to make smaller twists with your texture of hair. All I would say to do is find another salon or if you do decide to go back to this person, make sure to tell them everything you want ahead of time, like tell them about your scalp sensitivity, let them know when they’re being too rough on your hair, and ask to see the size after the first twist is finished to see if they should proceed. Remember you’re the one receiving service and it’s their job to satisfy your needs, so let them know everything and bring up any concerns so that they can help you as best as possible."
disneysslythprincess,pv6ja5,"Not necessarily unprofessional, but definitely not a great experience. I wouldn't go back."
AffectionateAnarchy,pv52m2,"Whoa, very nice!"
Angelinapatina,pv52m2,Looks like your low porosity that’s good!
Missladymp,pv52m2,Hair progress&&&
Paramaniac8,pv52m2,She put the pics in order of “now” and “then” instead of in time order from left to right. I was confused too.
fivetenash,pv52m2,"Hi, please list your routine per our new rules."
jaybee_xin,pv52m2,I dont get it lol
