index,id,comments
Angelesmivida,p57bbb,At least once a week. Washing your hair doesn’t damage it as long as you’re making sure to keep it moisturized & hydrated afterwards.
BebbsBeans,p57bbb,Personally once every 2 week since my hair is 4c
KEnyinna,p57bbb,"Definitely don't wait to wash once a month. Once a week is good. As for me, I wash twice a week due to the fact that I workout often and sweat a lot."
Marichurro,p57bbb,"when and how many times are we supposed to wash our hair?&&&I’m trying to make my hair not damaged so do I wash my hair once a month? Once a week?&&&okay thanks! which shampoo and conditioner do u recommend? Also what about deep conditioning? do we deep condition after I wash my hair OR on a different day? if so when?&&&what about being in braids?&&&Hair characteristics- I have permed damage hair and right now it is kinda dry, In my edges It’s my natural hair.

What I think caused it- I’m guilty of not taking care of my box braids and I haven’t mostirised my hair in 2 days. Oh I Washed my hair TWICE on thursday bc I swam in a pool and went to the beach 😭 I also put my hair in a snall bun everyday. ( idk what happened to the font or why it changed?)

My wash routine- I don’t have one, I usally wash when I swim,&&&okay imma do that"
notafrequentflyerr,p57bbb,At least once a week. I workout often so I do once every 3 days. I have done so many shampoo regimen variations ranging from once a month to two weeks and my hair suffered. I learned from a professional hairstylist on Twitter that washing at least once a week should be standard and that black hair isn’t the exception to that and after months my hair is doing better then ever.
ontariodwarf,p57bbb,"I wash twice a week with shampoo and rinse-out conditioner and if my hair has been feeling/acting weird, I’ll use clarifying shampoo instead of my normal shampoo and/or deep conditioner instead of my rinse-out (depending on what’s weird about it - dry, brittle, buildup, etc). I think you should wash as often as your scalp/hair need you to - I know I need to wash bc my scalp starts to get itchy and if I don’t wash it it starts to get flaky when I itch it. Sometimes, my hair starts feeling dry before my scalp actually feels dirty so I’ll go ahead and wash it anyway. I really like Eva NYC products! The 10-in-1 shampoo and conditioner and the deeptox clarifying shampoo. I also have a couple other sets of shampoo/conditioner (I always buy from the same product line) but all I’m really looking for is enough slip for detangling"
reine444,p57bbb,"Clarifying is never meant to be used solo. Always follow up with a moisturizing shampoo, then your conditioner."
sisyphus753,p57bbb,"I used to wash every 2 weeks but that led to lots of buildup and flaking. Now, I wash my hair every week and it’s gotten much better. My hair is 4b/4c and dense with fine strands."
sqwzmahmeatybts,p57bbb,"Everyone's hair is so different, there is not a one size fits all answer. 

Maybe telling people about your hair's characteristics, what you think is causing the damage, what wash routine you're currently using, would help people  tailor advice to you specifically."
tonikaym,p57bbb,"I think it all depends on how you're styling your hair and the condition of your hair. 
For example 
If I wear mine out (wash and go or finger coils) I wash weekly.
If I'm wearing twists, they last a week and then I'll rock a twist out the next week, that time it's two weeks. 
If I do braids, I wash before braiding, cleanse my scalp weekly and wash again when they're taken out."
PrTYlaDY90,p50x54,"When its straight do you put it up while pit in the humidity and heat while you are sweaty? That's what I do, I DO NOT leave my hair down against my sweaty skin. I just throw it up on a quick bun or high ponytail while outside and until I cool down. At most I just quickly skim my edges with a low heat flat iron every couple days. When I shower, I put a thick headband on underneath my shower cap to protect my edges. What about leaving your hair curly is the hard part? If you want it healthy again you will probably have to keep it away from heat and stop bleaching it and cut out the heat damage. When I keep my hair straight, I try to only straighten it every 2wks. How high is the heat of your flat iron? How many passes do you do on each piece?"
crackheadedbitch,p50x54,how to keep hair straight when ur sweaty&&&i have naturally 3b hair but since i’ve bleached it (badly) 2 times and dyed it blue its now just wavy and my bangs are bone straight due to heat damage i assume but i dont have the facilities to keep it detangled and stuff while its curly so i flat iron it but im so fkin sweaty all the time bc im in the south plus fat as hell an it gets messed up after just a day or two but i dont wanna pit heat on it constantly to avoid damaging it any further.... any tips? like what kind of products should i use and whats a nice affordable flat iron?
Alone_Jellyfish_7968,p50mci,This photo looks like a movie still!
KEnyinna,p50mci,Looks beautiful! Which heat protectant did you use?
Livelovelaughter321,p50mci,Your hair looks so healthy! What products do you use?
Miriam-Esi,p50mci,is this high heat? Have you tried low heat? What were your results?
SnooObjections9371,p50mci,😍😍😍😍😍
Test1986,p50mci,Guys I have 4c hair and this is singlehandedly the best hair purchase I've ever made.
TheWalkingDead91,p50mci,Have a link?&&&Total hair goals.
cel_cellec,p50mci,"My results after using my Revair hair dryer. I think it came out pretty well for my first time :))&&&&&&Hahaha sorry 😅
But thank you! Once you get yours, you won't regret it! It's a great investment, and it has helped me cut down on my detangling time so much. From 3 hours to 45 minutes, I think it's worth every penny :)&&&Yes, it's a great investment! Glad it's been working for you :)&&&Aww thanks 😊&&&Thank you!! This picture is when I used it on the 4 level tension with high heat for about 90 seconds for each section. I played around with it and now use level 7 tension. I'm liking those results too. 

I've been using the It's a 10 Blow Dry Miracle H20 Shield leave-in or the Garnier Fructis Sleek & Shine Leave-In Conditioning Cream to prep my hair to help moisturize it before using my Revair.

When I use my Revair, I use the cool shot setting and a wide tooth comb (just a cheap one from the dollar store) when I'm pulling the nozzle back down the length of my hair, similar to the chase method people use when flat ironing their hair.

There's definitely a learning curve to this blow dryer, but I hope some of this helps :)&&&Thanks so much!! It's definitely pricey but it's a great investment for your hair. I used to have to drag my wash day over the course of two days because it took me 3 hours to detangle my hair after taking down the braids I've been rocking for a week (and don't get me started on the single strand knots 😔)
Now, I can detangle my hair in like 45 minutes and no single strand knots in sight!&&&This picture is the result from using high heat, tension level 4 for 90 seconds per section and using the cool shot at the end. I was doing this late at night so I was trying to hurry up and get my hair done lol. Sometimes I use low heat for 15-20 seconds half way up a section of hair if I don't think it's stretched enough at the ends, but I usually don't have to. The high setting uses less wattage than the low setting of most standard blow dryers, so I'm not worried about heat damage. I used a heat protectant and I've had no trouble with my hair not reverting back on wash day.&&&Thank you! My products are:

Shampoo: L'Oréal EverPure Moisture Shampoo

Deep Conditioner: SheaMoisture Manuka Honey & Mafura Oil Intensive Hydration Masque

Leave-in/Heat Protectant:  It's a 10 Blow Dry Miracle H20 Shield leave-in OR the Garnier Fructis Sleek & Shine Leave-In Conditioning Cream OR CHI Silk Infusion (I've been playing around to see which one I like the best, so far the It's a 10 has been my favorite).

Oils: The Mane Choice Exotic Cool Laid Mellow Melon & Nectarine Melted Shine Oil (at night when I'm braiding my hair up to sleep), Garnier Fructis Sleek & Shine Anti-Frizz Serum (after styling in the morning to protect against humidity)&&&Thank you 😊&&&Thank you!!

I've been playing around with my heat protectants lately. As of right now, I've been using the It's a 10 Blow Dry Miracle H20 Shield leave-in or the Garnier Fructis Sleek & Shine Leave-In Conditioning Cream to prep my hair to help moisturize it before using my Revair.

In this picture, I used the It's a 10 leave in and CHI Silk Infusion for heat protectant. I'm a bit heavy-handed with product so I probably could have gotten better results with using less of the CHI product. Although now I just use one product instead of layering them. I'm getting better results by using less product.

If I had to pick just one, I like the It's a 10 the best. You can't go wrong with any of them. Whichever one you choose, just make sure to really focus on working the product into your ends so they're nice and protected!&&&Thank you 😊&&&Thanks so much!"
emerald_szn,p50mci,"I've been considering one, this just solidifies it. Gorgeous results!!"
phdiva08,p50mci,"Looks wonderful! I have the Revair too, but my hair came out really dry. I haven’t mastered it yet!"
pinkponytailgal,p50mci,Your hair looks amazing
stealthpursesnatch,p50mci,"Why would you post this photo when you know I’m too broke to buy one???? Ohhhh, I gotta work overtime to get one!!!!! Your results are amazing!"
viviolay,p50mci,My hair comes out dry if I only use high heat to get 100% dry. I’ve found if I do 50 sec high heat and then 40-50 seconds on cold shot with 7 tension I don’t have that uncomfortably dry feeling
Elegant-Permission87,p4yxa2,"I think I have combo hair but not sure, need recommendations!&&&[removed]"
BAYto310,p4yps3,Have a powerful day Kings and Queens. Any tips on keeping the hair healthy and moist in this heat ?&&&
Best-Isopod9939,p4yps3,"I'm jealous of your everything, king. Honestly as for the hair, I carry a small spray bottle and spritz it as needed."
Full_Island_1190,p4yps3,Washing your hair with shampoo and conditioner often. Only water can provide moisture.
Goddess_Iris_,p4yps3,"What a beautiful man, what a beautiful smile"
Marieofthesea,p4yps3,I like Camille rose leave in conditioner for moisture. You have beautiful hair and smile
MonElii,p4yps3,Thank you for blessing us with this beautiful picture.
Mynotredditaccount,p4yps3,"Sorry, I dont have any tips. Just wanted to say that you're gorgeous! 👏😄"
-wma,p4x9nr,So so so so cute! And major bag envy!
Alone_Jellyfish_7968,p4x9nr,Charlie's Angels pose. :-)
Lelemcgeegee,p4x9nr,Cayute!
OrangeIvyy,p4x9nr,Such a cute look! Love your hair and your bag
Primrosebunny,p4x9nr,You look stunning!!
Winterblossom25,p4x9nr,Okay this is super cute!!! You look stunning!
acbutler1234,p4x9nr,This is my next hairstyle I’m going to try. Thanks sis you look bomb
afterschoolsept25,p4x9nr,it reminded me of the hairstyle Ariana wore during the 2019 iheartradio performance
backwithpics,p4x9nr,I’m obsessed! Is there a tutorial that you used?
natural_alyssa,p4x9nr,"Something new!!!!!&&&&&&I usually wear headwraps, Marley Twists, or braid out. I’m trying to switch up my hairstyles 🤪&&&Thnx hun 😁&&&Thank you 😊&&&Thanks ☺️"
weaboo801,p4x9nr,It reminds me of jasmine’s ponytail in Aladdin and I love it
whatawatermelon,p4x9nr,That’s so cute! I see a lot of women start the ponytail at the top of their head but I really like it at the nape of the neck!
gigi116,p4o0tq,Bought the Q-Redew handheld steamer and it works!&&&Bought it in hopes of it helping with the detangling process and it did the job quickly. I did my head in about 10 minutes to prep for wash. It handled huge chunks of hair easily.
cutedorkycoco,p4nei1,🥰🥰🥰&&&
TheyDontKnowMeS0n,p4mfcu,Go you!
cutedorkycoco,p4mfcu,"Update: I'm back! How it started to how it's going. Not mad at the golden blondish brown ngl. May revisit in the future.&&&&&&I love purple  😍 I used to have purple. I always wanted pink but when I'd in to get my hair done, it never worked out so I ended up back at purple. They always told me my hair wouldn't lift enough in one session.

I used a manic panic flash lightening kit for 30 mins and got to a golden blondish brown. Then used arctic fox virgin pink mixed with wrath. Had no problems. 

Next time I might do my sides a matching purple.&&&[Here you go](https://imgur.com/a/och2Oql)!

I mixed Arctic Fox virgin pink with wrath because I was worried the virgin pink wouldn't be enough to overpower any orange tint I might have ended up with. It looks more red in the pic and I can't figure out how to fix that with lighting, but it's a hot pink.

I might go over it again today with virgin pink and see what happens."
gigi116,p4mfcu,Nice! I've been wanting to get a purple color.
starryeyedsurprise12,p4mfcu,"Nice, but I’d love to see a finished pic of the purple colour"
Marichurro,p4me4c,I found out i have high porosity hair what do i do with that information?&&&I made a post saying i don’t have a hair routine or anything but i wanna start. So if i have high porosity hair what do i do with that information
QueeniTika,p4m5c5,"February 2020- July 2020- August 2021. Before shaving my head vs after.&&&&&&Being pregnant helped with my hair growth, if it wasn’t for my pregnancy I doubt my hair would have grown this much."
TexasProud311,p4m5c5,Wow- that is a lot of growth in one year!!
AffectionateAnarchy,p4ksna,Looks great! Do you like it? I did the same and Im pleased.
GrandMasterRah,p4ksna,Looks healthy! Congratulations on baby boy! 💙
Micahdust,p4ksna,"Looks amazing, wow your hair grows fast"
Monasgma,p4ksna,Amen!
New_Reputation_4623,p4ksna,"It looks great!&&&Wow, big decision ... one to sleep on lol 
Looks super cool as is.. but blue, could be nice!"
QueeniTika,p4ksna,"I shaved my head bald July 2020, I let my hair grow out normally I have a bald head or really short hair.&&&&&&I was pregnant when I got most of my growth, I had my son six weeks ago.&&&Thank you!!&&&Thank you very much!!!
I am thinking about dyeing it blue.&&&Thank you.&&&My husband loves it, I am still getting used to it. 
I prefer my hair short but I am going to let my hair grow out."
atot20,p4ksna,"Gorgeous, lush mane!"
cutedorkycoco,p4ksna,Y u so cute tho? I love it!
kelligolightly,p4ksna,Holy Moly what fabulous natural hair you are blessed with!
lhopeless_inusa,p4ksna,"Looks amazing, your hair grows really quickly"
sweetestmoxie,p4ksna,You have such beautiful hair!
ChocolateNapqueen,p4jmoa,I think you should be good enough to proceed without re-washing your hair.  I braid hair and this wouldn’t bother me at all.
afriarizonian,p4jmoa,"Will be hair be clean enough for braids?&&&So I have a bit of a conundrum. I thought I would be getting my protective style (braids) in tomorrow. However, due to a series of unfortunate events, my appointment is now on Wednesday. My hair is already cleansed and deep conditioned. It is an issue that my hair and scalp won't be freshly cleansed as the appointment is in four days? I don't plan on adding an heavy product to my hair and just a light oil on my scalp. Do I have to re-wash (sigh)? Thanks all!"
RipredTheGnawer,p4inoc,Looking healthy af
terelynfairley,p4inoc,Meign Like Haircare - I ❤️ these products! They are plant based and great on ALL hair types/textures!&&&
Anigerianlovesgarri,p4essx,Her hair is absolutely gorgeous :)&&&
Lelemcgeegee,p4essx,Wow that looks great! So much growth. I need to pay someone to blow mine out. I ain't got no skills. I'll damage it
Miriam-Esi,p4essx,who is this
rememberlikethis,p4essx,laurscurls
ChocolateNapqueen,p472yj,"When I first went natural my mom wasn’t on board. Prior to that I had a really short straight style and she didn’t like when I cut my hair either. I think the older generation put a lot of praise into straight long hair which is why myself and a lot of my friends in their 30s had relaxers growing up. 

When I cut my hair short my mom didn’t like it because it was long (still straight). When I had a TWA and first big chopped, she didn’t like it either. Now it’s a lot longer (still natural) and I’ll i hear is praise. I called her out on how she used to hate it and she acts as if it never happened. 

Maybe you can talk your mom and get to the root of the issue. Did she hate it when she was the one who had to do it? Does she think that curly hair isn’t beautiful? Why? (I’m assuming you got it from one of your parents soo she has to understand that your hair is the way it is because of genetics). Does she hate her own hair and she’s projecting that to you?!? Tell her to get therapy and leave your hair alone.&&&Ummm who told you that people who don’t have type 4 hair cannot have an Afro?!?!?!? Have you never seen a lose textured fro? Are you serious?"
Ok_Championship_2779,p472yj,"My mum hates my natural hairstyles&&&I have natural 3b/3c hair. The top of my hair is much looser than the back. Growing up my mum has always straightened my hair using a hair straightener after drying it, then she would proceed to plait my hair. Recently I've started to envy some of my friends who have natural hair and get to do awesome hairstyles whilst I'm stuck with boring plaits making me look 10 years old. Recently my mum let me have the back of my hair in it's natural state, however she always says it's too rough or it feels like straw. Regardless of what she says I wouldn't change my natural hair for the world. However I need a way to tell her that I dont want her to do my hair anymore... But whenever I do my own hairstyles she insists on doing my hair for me as any natural hairstyles I do - dont look ""acceptable"" to her. Also, sorry for generalizing all black mothers as I know there are many that adore ""black/natural"" hair."
Safe-Biscotti1065,p472yj,My mum was the only person who made me feel beautiful in my natural hair and reassured me. My family are all black but we have many different hair textures amongst us and out of the girls I always had the thickest and tightest hair. I hated it because it took the longest to do and it felt like a chore but my mum did my hair every time without complaint. Let’s not generalise black mothers
Winter-Peach-2425,p472yj,"I'm sorry your mom isn't being more supportive. I agree with the person who implied it's self-hatred and projection. Ask yourself if you love your hair because this is all that matters! How she thinks it looks or feels shouldn't concern her since it's not her hair. 

I understand you wanting your mom's approval, but know your hair is beautiful as is, even if your mom remains unsupportive. There was no mistake made when you were created. All you should be doing is ensuring your hair is healthy and having fun wearing different styles. 

Hugs!"
chekeymonk10,p472yj,"Let's not generalise black mothers, since yours is certainly a minority and most black mothers know how to care for their type hair and wouldn't straighten it 

What was stopping you from doing your own hair your own way? Your mum just has to accept that. I also wasn't aware that 3A/3B (of anything other than 4) was capable of having an afro"
ominoke,p472yj,"You say let's not generalise but then you generalise. 

A lot of black mothers i know don't know how to look after their natural hair. It's braid it up back to back or leave it under a wig or weave and ignore it.  A lot of black mothers i know opt to relax their hair to make it more manageable but still don't actually manage it. 
 
None of us know what percentage of black mothers are knowledgeable about their hair and what percentage isn't."
weaboo801,p472yj,"I think my mom likes/accepts my natural hair but she’ll sometimes say “you looked better with straight hair” every so often. 

When I was younger we’d sometimes get into fights over hairstyles but when I started doing my own hair she tried to be supportive but I could tell she didn’t usually like it. I’d say trying doing your own hair and see how she reacts. If it causes a fight then there’s probably a deeper issue. If she just doesn’t like it, she may just have to get used to it.

I got a perm in my head when i was 6 and transitioned to natural before I left for college. My mom hated doing my hair before I got the perm. She doesn’t even like doing her own hair, always getting it done"
AshlandSouth,p43i5e,Pretty
Guilty_Orange_661,p43i5e,Girl your hair is popping  a d so are you. Beautiful
Marieofthesea,p43i5e,Loving the cut. Beautiful
Sperez04,p43i5e,Looks mad dope fr
abbieadeva,p43i5e,"My first cut post pandemic!&&&&&&Thanks!!&&&Thank you!&&&I’ve not had my hair cut since march 2020, 1 week before everything got shut down in the UK. Been keeping on top of my dead ends myself but I had lost all shape. Finally got in with my stylist and she’s worked her magic yet again.&&&Thank you!&&&Tysm!!&&&My stylist does so good! I love it too!"
cutedorkycoco,p43i5e,Look at us out here glowing up during the pandemic. Stop being so cute with to curls!
edenlost_,p43i5e,I love the shape and volume
gatita_,p43i5e,Beautiful!
radio-ladio,p43i5e,So beautiful!!!
