index,id,comments
cloud250,m75anl,Black male hair advice?&&&[removed]
Antipseud0,m75966,"Did you do your hair porosity test? 
I'm not a pro, i got my advice from woman who sell hair product in Paris, she told me to moisturize my hair every day with the conditioner so water is touching my hair and scalp every morning. 

The conditioner from what i understand moisturize your hair for the like day. 

The deep conditioner is for provide a deeper treatment compare to your everyday conditioner and give it a deeper potent effect. Once you put the deep conditioner in your hair, it supposed to last at least 10 to 30minute. This is also once a week like with your shampoo.

Then after the shower, you're supposed to put your leave in conditioner, which will provide moire moisture to your hair. 

Then your cream. I use Tgin who is a good brand but it will depend on your hair type and what's work for you."
Yung_Mulann365,m75966,"I'm not a an expert on how men do their own hair but you need to be careful on what you find online that mainly talks about natural hair. 

I don't know your hair type but you should be washing your hair every 2 weeks or at least every 2 months because your hair still needs good sebum production in your scalp. Deep conditioning is like conditioning only its a treatment to give your hair a lot of moisture, so every 2 weeks you should deep condition your hair. Deep conditioning isn't the same as shampooing because you still need to cleanse your scalp with shampoo otherwise your hair will not be really cleanse.

If you feel like your hair is going to get wet every time you get in the shower everyday you can wear a a plastic shower cap or something you feel like will protect your hair because if your hair is getting wet everyday it will cause hydral fatigue which will make your hair very gummy. As for moisturizing your hair I would say moisturize your hair every 3 to 4 days by spraying warm water on your hair, using a leave in conditioner, any cream of choice and an oil to seal it in. This is the best advice I can give."
cloud250,m75966,"Black male hair, advice?&&&Hi guys,

So I am not sure if this is the right place to post this but here goes. I am a black male based in the U.K., and I am looking to grow my hair.

There’s a lot of content on YouTube And I keep seeing the same buzzwords used everywhere.  I would like someone to give me a good solid basic understanding of what the following terms mean in relation to my hair (and any I may need to know)
-conditioner
-deep conditioning 

From what I have seen on YouTube, deep conditioning is the same as shampooing? And when people put conditioner in their hair, they are basically using a moiatirizer? I am probably wrong but look forward to you guys correcting me.

My current routine is ;
Wake up, go in the bathtub, wash my self with water and then let the water run through my hair.

I have a very tiny short Afro, something like this : https://ath2.unileverservices.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/3/2019/06/black-men-haircuts-waves-and-low-fade-min.jpg 

Once my hair is semi dry, I then rub the product below in my hair and then comb.
https://blackhaircare.co.uk/products/blue-magic-coconut-oil-hair-conditioner-340g

I do this entire process everyday apart from once a week where I wash my hair with shampoo and then don’t put the cream mentioned above but just let my hair dry on its own.

From what I have seen online, people are saying that you should not wash your hair (and also beard)  more than once a week but how is that possible when once you enter a bathtub, your hair will get wet as you pour water all over your face.  How am I supposed to wash my hair once a week without washing my face and body altogether? And if you really are supposed to wash your hair once, do I not comb and moisturise my hair every morning?

Lastly, what sort of cream am I supposed to be using every morning when combing my hair?

Sorry, soooo many questions but I can’t seem to find anything online that is consistent.

Many thanks for your replies!"
Any_Neck_9166,m72c6i,Can someone's hair actually be this dense?&&&[removed]
Violetflower00,m6yllq,"Cheap vs Expensive castor oil?&&&I've seen expensive castor oils that claim to be ""organic"" but I know that organic is mostly a buzz word.. so is there any difference between  the regular castor oil and the organic one?"
Yung_Mulann365,m6yllq,"It honestly doesn't matter unless you look at the ingredients in the back of the bottle. In my neighborhood you can get a glass bottle of jamaican black castor oil in a beauty supply store between $2 to $7 and at most they are organic, but some have like a bunch of ingredients other than just simply castor oil and a carrier oil like olive oil or almond oil. I would say look at the back for the ingredients if your shopping for castor oil or a certain type of oil."
d9niels9n,m6ufic,"Getting hair wet/Swimming with two strand twists?&&&I’m a guy, have had my hair in two strand twists for a while. Now that my hair’s gotten some length, the shrinkage from the typical humidity or rain doesn’t really bother me. When it was shorter, the shrinkage, frizz, etc seemed really drastic so I tried to avoid getting my hair wet altogether, but like I said now it’s not that big a deal. So my question, swimming? Can I swim with my twists in? Would it just completely destroy the style? Any pre/aftercare tips? Any helpful experiences or advice from people with two strand twists?&&&Do u usually wash with your twists still in? And what about non-chlorinated water such as beach (ocean, lake, etc) water?&&&What do u usually moisturize with? And what about non-chlorinated water such as beach (ocean, lake, etc) water?"
mooshu1x2,m6ufic,"Honestly I would just get a quality swim cap to protect your hair from the chlorine.

Edit:

Wet and grease your hair prior since it is possible for water to get into the swim cap."
rocksarejustbigsand,m6ufic,"Yeah I’m in the water all the time and can confirm, water almost always gets in my cap. My best bet is to moisturize once you get out since the cap will come off if it’s too slippery."
seveleventeen,m6ufic,"I have two strand twists in often and normally wet them a bit in the shower to get them to lay the way I want.
I’m not a fan of chlorine in my hair because it makes my hair feel horrible and dries the hell out of my scalp and I can’t rectify it without washing my hair so I wouldn’t personally do it. That being said, the style will stay (likely with some added frizz and shrinkage) you’ll just need to give your hair some love afterwards. I would advise conditioning and washing your hair afterwards if you’re going to do it. Remember chlorine is a really harsh chemical to douse your hair in, so just bear that in mind if it’s something you’re planning to do regularly. 

Generally I use As I Am doublebutter cream to moisturise, elasta QP grease for my scalp and then Argan oil to seal.

Good luck!"
1smoothcriminal,m6sbj3,Gorgeous!!!
2goof_4u,m6sbj3,Stunning! 😍
AlexandraLiberty,m6sbj3,WOW💕
All_naturale22,m6sbj3,My thoughts exactly. I could never commit to a full Mohawk style I like it with curls but not as shaved. But she looks gorgeous with it 🥰
GAaliyah12,m6sbj3,"Cute hair, but where did you get that top?"
Jazmynraymay,m6sbj3,Shaved sides 4c natural&&&
StupendousFro94,m6sbj3,You are glowing! I love this hairstyle on you 💕
cocolanoire,m6sbj3,The hairstyle accentuates your cheekbones and face. Beautiful!
dranonloner,m6sbj3,Pretty!
inquisitivecupcake,m6sbj3,stunning!
jayjeremiah,m6sbj3,<333
masamoto68,m6sbj3,"Not normally a fan of this style, but I think it looks good on you. :)"
michelle_essa,m6sbj3,"Well fuck you and your beautiful self...
You look stunning 💚"
msscinnamon,m6sbj3,Absolutely gorgeous!
HairstoryNYC,m6pgty,How to perfect your wash day like a pro&&&[removed]
-sweetbabybladefoot-,m6l2f6,Awesome! You look stunning 🤩
Ashtothelight,m6l2f6,It suits your face. Great job.
InteractionInner8374,m6l2f6,Love your hair girl.❤️👍
Lelemcgeegee,m6l2f6,Looks great!! What products did you use?
Wanderlust1101,m6l2f6,🥰🤗❤️😍😘😊💋
_im_just_here__,m6l2f6,"Looks great! How did you get the frohawks, I just can't seem to get it right for my hair?"
elablaze,m6l2f6,Nice hair! And your lash game on point too!
loopsfruitsam,m6l2f6,"Finally figured out products and a routine while living in a country with limited access to nat. hair products + learned how to do frohawks! Never thought I'd reach this point.&&&&&&Thank you! ☺️&&&Luckily a cosmetics course was part of my program so I learned just enough to make my own. I only do ""co-wash and goes"" as many times as I feel during the week and a wash/deep condition/detangle on the weekend. For the products:


Conditioner: (both sit on my hair after it's soaked in warm water while I finish my shower)

-Garnier fructis coconut water conditioner (or the one with aloe)

-Mix of water, olive oil, and a bit of honey


LCO:

- The leave in is a cream emulsion I made - 
water phase (marshmallow root and slippery elm boiled to make a gel then strained.) Oil phase (shae butter, olive oil or sweet almond oil, btms, and a bit of coconut oil) added the melted oil phase to the water phase at the right temps then added glycerin, aloe gel, preservative (I have cosgard here which works fine), and an antioxidant (vitamin E) at the right temps.

- olive oil 

- The gels are the real struggle. I search for slip and hold so right now I'm using two. In France I could get eco styler a lot easier but I liked using the monoprix brand (gel coiffant fixation extra fort) but I'm not there anymore so now I use Easy Hair strong in combination with Taft men Titane for hold.



Deep conditioner:

-Blended and strained banana, honey, and conditioner mix  that I freeze and thaw portions when needed.

-i just added coconut oil with it and got better curl definition, more stretch, and less frizz than in the picture.

Edit: forgot shampoo. Its Garnier fructis coconut water until I can find something better


Seems like a lot of work but honestly it's the laziest natural hair routine I've had and the products don't take long to make. I love it because I had sister locs and wanted to get as easy of a routine. The wash/cowash and goes are really wash and goes not wash and cramped hands (dickey method with very little detangling except on wash day) and it only takes an hour to be about 80-90% dry. I almost gave up and went back to loc'ed before I started making progress.&&&Thank you!&&&Thank you ❤️&&&Haha. That was another feat I didn't think I'd get. Lockdown giving me all these new skills. Thanks!&&&Thanks. I just parted a triangle section in the front that pointed towards the middle, did the same in the back, and threw the middle in a puff with a giant hair tie then blended the sections.&&&I use a men's hair gel just to get some hold. Lol. Luckily it smells pretty unisex.&&&Thanks 😊"
louietheblondepom,m6l2f6,"Your frohawks looks great!! And same, i always ended up going through mens hair section everytime im in the drugstore lol"
username4idiots,m6l2f6,Thst looks very bad ass.
warmar91,m6l2f6,"Curl definition looks great, style looks nice too!"
-sweetbabybladefoot-,m68y4c,🤩 glowing!
Allthatjasmine,m68y4c,You're glowing ❤️
Beautiful-Pop-9285,m68y4c,Beautiful!
BlackStarBlues,m68y4c,Gorgeous. Enjoy your cut. I bet it feels liberating.
EthiopianBrotha,m68y4c,This looks awesome especially with that old skool camera
Flower-of-the-Sun,m68y4c,Very pretty!
Glad-Dinner-610,m68y4c,You’re beautiful! I love the short cut! Almost convincing me to shave mine off again
HopelessClementine,m68y4c,"Definitely keep if it makes you that happy, and if the time ever comes when you wanna grow it out you’ll know! Always trust your instincts! You look amazing!!!"
InteractionInner8374,m68y4c,It looks so cute on you I think you should keep it to.❤️👍
LanaDelHigh,m68y4c,"you look like a 90's model having fun with friends, sooooo beautiful"
Live-Holiday2258,m68y4c,Absolutely stunning on 💯. Great features and all
MotherMfker,m68y4c,Same. I love short hair now its so easy and always looks great with minimal effort
NeatSpecific8820,m68y4c,You definitely have the face for it! So beautiful 😍😍
No-Emotion-9699,m68y4c,You look absolutely stunning
NuBoston,m68y4c,This is a sign. I wanna shave my head again and this is telling me to do it
Primary_Aardvark,m68y4c,I also keep my hair short!
RandHort,m68y4c,You’re beautiful so whatever you want to do. Enjoy your youth.
Sayurifujisan,m68y4c,"Not everyone can pull off this look, but sis, this is you!"
ThatHerbalHippyGirl,m68y4c,"Beautiful, your joy is shining! I can tell this cut makes you happy , definitely keep it!"
Wakeup-flawless,m68y4c,I recently shaved my head in an effort to grow my hair back healthier and I think I want to keep it short.&&&&&&Lol my mom said the same thing! My friend bought an old school photography camera and her couch is old af! It also doesn’t help that I only wear baggy jeans.&&&Thanks!&&&Do it!&&&Exactly but I’m definitely feeling the short hair for summer&&&Everybody has the right head shape for it! I promise! Tbh I felt the same way&&&Thanks!&&&Haha! I wish!
ZeeZombiie,m68y4c,It looks so good on you! I'm tempted to shave my head too but I don't have the right head shape for it
darkandmoody,m68y4c,"This is giving me ""the fun auntie back in college"" vibes. I like the short hair."
michelle_essa,m68y4c,"For a moment I thought this was a photo of Zoe Zaldana....
You look amazing"
mousemarie94,m68y4c,Some people have the right head shape for no/buzzed hair. That's you.
onefourthtexan,m68y4c,"This looks dated in the BEST way, very late 80s early 90s with the model glow. Love love love this photo a lot more than makes any sense lol."
redmolly777,m68y4c,You look amazing! I always love the look of short hair and big earrings. It makes a woman look so sexy and assertive.
sly_sista,m68y4c,Stunning!
vroomvroomshabang,m68y4c,so pretty
well-adjusted-tater,m68y4c,You look great!
GHenthusiast,m68a9s,Chunky two strand twists or braids and up in a bun. I sweat a lot and my hair gets super tangled so that helps!
daemc3,m68a9s,"If any of you ladies workout, how do you maintain your hair throughout the week?&&&&&&Thank you!!"
RosewithThornz,m682gh,3 months since I started growing out my bleach damage and caring for my curls ❤️&&&
cre8tf,m682gh,You are sexy and adorable!😍
-sweetbabybladefoot-,m6708s,🤩🤩🤩
_arisen_,m6708s,9 months growing my hair out! Glad I didn’t fold 🥰&&&&&&thank you 🥰i watch disney all the time😭&&&🥰💕
blackpino,m6708s,"Nice growth!  I don't know if you can act but you should audition for the Disney channel, you have the look!"
BlackStarBlues,m633so,A lot of people rinse braiding & weave hair in vinegar/water mix before installing.
Leoquartz_r,m633so,"Itchy and red/purple bumps on scalp after getting knotless braids, help pls&&&I’ve had box braids/sew ins before so i am not new to tension bumps at all but this is completely different. After getting my knotless braids, maybe like a day later, sections around the braids all over my head started swelling and turned red/purple. The bumps itched so bad i couldn’t sleep. 
I couldn’t figure out what could be causing this until i saw dye from the braiding hair being transferred all over my clothes. I thought the dye in the braiding hair was making me have an allergic reaction. This was shocking to me because I’ve NEVER had this problem with braiding hair before. I looked up what a reaction would look like and i matched none of the photos so i am thoroughly confused.
I gave in and washed my hair and soooo much dye came out that it stained my tub grey. My scalp still looked slightly red but no longer purple and swollen. Flash forward to now, my scalp is starting to itch and swell again. As much as i really really don’t want to take them out and waste my money, it seems like the dye is impossible to get out all the way and im terrified of my hair falling out. 
So i think my questions are; does anyone think this will damage my hair follicles and cause hair loss? And also does this sound like an allergic reaction?&&&Thanks for the advice! Im gonna start taking them out today and go from there&&&Yeah i heard about that, but was hesitant to do it because I’ve never had problems with braiding hair irritation before. But i will definitely start doing it now"
ThatHerbalHippyGirl,m633so,Take those braids out! Permanent hair loss is not worth the money. I know it was probably expensive but curing hair loss is far more expensive. I’m not a professional of any sort but I’m sure the first thing a derm would say is take them out. Have you contacted your stylist? If she’s professional she should have guidance. If not skip her and go straight to a dermatologist.
denominare,m633so,"I don’t braid my hair often enough to give proper advice but I do think you should take down your braids as soon as possible. Your going to want less stress on you scalp right now if you’re having an allergic reaction the added stress of the tension might now be good. I think your scalp needs to breathe. 

Definitely take photos of your tub and the color transfer and your scalp to try to get some if not all of your money back!!!"
IIIThreat,m62tqm,My nickname all during my primary school years was “Steve Urkel”...which totally makes sense. 🤓 Wash-and-go because I didn’t have time for my normal twist-out. I’m slowly getting better at these. 🙂&&&
Lacasadelmango,m5zdh7,"How do you wear your hair to workout?&&&So I've been wearing a lot of braids during the lockdown bc I've been lazy and a little depressed to be honest. But after I took braids out I noticed some thinning from tension so I'm going to give it a rest for a few months. But one thing I need help with is what to do with my hair when I workout. I've been just wearing it out but by the time I'm done, my hair is so shrunken and I need to stretch it out. I did try the Sunday II Sunday products and particularly love the root rinse because it makes my scalp feel tingly and fresh (I [**wrote a review on these products**](https://needsdiscussion.substack.com/p/this-weeks-discussion-were-you-silent) if anyone is interested) but that still doesn't help my shrinkage issue! 

I don't want to have to manipulate my hair too much during the week but I workout a lot and this is becoming exhausting lol so anyone ideas would be greatly appreciated!"
Nebulalex,m5zdh7,"I’m a lazy natural and I just do puffs (high or low) or I put my hair in large twists and tie it in a pony tail (which requires length). I hate having my hair out ever personally so i just always keep it up or twisted back, and large braids/twists (without added braiding hair) are easy, versatile and low manipulation.&&&I’m a ñas"
KCthestylist,m5tul3,Can you believe it’s Crochet? BEST NATURAL HAIR STYLE!! DIY CROCHET BRAIDS: Full tutorials on my YouTube channel KC THE STYLIST 💜&&&
