index,id,comments
Candy__Harlot,mtphss,"How do I prevent breakage from yarn locs?&&&I do my yarn locs myself, been doing my own hair since 2014, and I will usually keep them in for about 4 months of the year. I'm not sure if it is the hair products I use, because my hair is bleached (had blonde hair since end of 2018), the length of my yarn locs, or maybe my braiding technique which causes my hair to break where the yarn loc starts along my hair. I'd like to know if there's a product or a technique I can try to prevent this breakage happening.&&&Yes, with some 'refreshing' I suppose the term is. So, I'm not completely neglecting my hair for 4 months.

I'll wash my scalp weekly, use a light oil on the new growth where my hair is exposed, and I start to redo some of the locs around 3-4 week mark just to maintain it; once all of the locs has been replaced which could take up to 10 days, depending on my schedule, I don't touch it for another month.

When replacing the locs, I completely remove about a handful of the locs, thoroughly washing, deep condition and using my usual hair products including a little bit of strengthening spray (Palmer's Coconut Oil Strong Roots). I don't use heat at all on my hair."
ThatHerbalHippyGirl,mtphss,4 months consecutively? What is your regimen when you have the locs in?
DigitizeMeCapt,mtpats,"Alt hairstyles for curly/wavy hair — any ideas plssss?!&&&&&&Cute!

Do you think that’d work for mostly wavy hair? 
The pictures I just saw are of hair that’s really curly and voluminous"
grotesquegoblinoid,mtpats,Curly shag
AdorableTelevision46,mtofg6,"Haircare for chronic migraines 🤕&&&Hi everyone 
I need some advice concerning an issue I've been struggling with. For the past 4+ years, I've been plagued with excruciating migraine headaches which have resulted in me slacking on my haircare. I'm a 4c type hair and my go to was chopping off my hair because I honestly couldn't and still can't handle tight hairstyles or even just simple hairstyles like twists etc. 

If anyone has had a similar experience or any advice concerning how I can possibly improve my haircare, it'd be a great help.

PS.  I do moisturize and wash it but that's about it because like I said, I can't stand an hair styling that involves ""tension""&&&I haven't trimmed or cut it in some months so it's about 12"" (not straightened)
I have been prescribed some painkillers that I take and occasionally go in for an opioid shot if the pain is unbearable and I'm unresponsive to the medication. Never tried any alternative treatments but I'll totally research more so especially on that piercing thing you suggested. Might be the miracle I'm looking for. Thank you so much for the suggestions ❤&&&I'll definitely try this. Thank you so much ❤&&&I occasionally have my hair in twists but they never last because I literally have to loosen my hair because the migraines get worse. Never done wash n goes but I think it's definitely something to try. Thank you ❤"
Candy__Harlot,mtofg6,"Just some questions:

* How long/short is your hair?
* Have you sought out treatment for your migraines? -  I am no expert and encourage you to do your own research, however, the daith piercing is a popular alternative treatment for people with migraines, along with acupuncture. Be aware that particularly with the former, there will be some risks such as infection, it can happened just like any other piercing.

Besides that, preparing your hair for styling in the shower definitely helps later on. Simply twisting hair while it is wet in the shower helps keep your hair detangled for later. there shouldn't really be any tension on your scalp, though I suppose I have never experienced migraines or the sensitivity that may come to it."
ThatHerbalHippyGirl,mtofg6,"I don’t know much about migraines but I’ve heard how horrible they can get to be so I’m sorry you’ve been struggling with them for so long. 

Are twists with no hair added too much for you as well? I do two strand twists with my own hair and leave them alone for a week (sometimes two if I’m lazy) and there is little to no tension. 

You may want to explore the world of wash n goes?"
khephira,mtofg6,"So sorry for the pain you’ve been experiencing. I hope you find relief soon. Chronic migraines absolutely suck. 

I get hormonally triggered migraines and I’m pretty sensitive to tension myself. 

I wear wash n goes that I redo about 1x-2x a week when I cowash. I don’t use any tools bc they cause too much tension for me most of the time. I cowash with a slippery conditioner, finger detangle with conditioner until my hair is mostly all going in the same direction, rinse, add in a leave in and/or a styler with some hold while still in the shower, and go. Style wise I prefer a less defined, more voluminous, soft, and natural looking wash n go so this little routine works well for me.

Also I make sure to shampoo and actually wash my hair every 7-10 days. 

I find that the frequency of my wash n gos and the use of a lot of conditioner makes the process fast and reduces the potential for tangles."
Candy__Harlot,mto5pu,"This is normal for people with curlier hair, and I personally don't see shrinkage as a problem.

Ever played with a slinky? When it stretches out, it appears very long, then when you put it back together, it appears very short.

Same for hair. When your hair is wet, it is weighed down and appears longer, water also increased how elastic your hair is regardless of curly/straight. As hair dries, the water isn't weighing the hair down as much, your hair will revert into the state it wants to be in, hence why it shrinks so much. It only looks short. There are people who have hair down to their tailbones but it shrink up to their shoulders, if anything it show how versatile curly/coily hair is.

Do note that if your hair shrinks as it dries, it is healthy hair. If you do want a more stretched out look, you can opt for a twist/braid out using the same products.  Or even using hair bands to stretch out your curls a bit, do this when fully dry; your hair will be set in its curl and is less likely to be disturbed too much by this method of stretching."
bdwgamer,mto5pu,"Shrinkage Issues&&&When detangled, my hair shrinkage was about only 50-60% after a shampoo. When I put leave-in conditioner, curling cream, oil, and gel in my hair, my curls shrunk way more. Why is this? Is there a specific reason or is it because my hair is really short?&&&Are the molecular buildups the reason for how my hair reacts differently to water than gel and such&&&Sorry, I worded that wrong. I was asking why it shrinks more when I put in curl-defining products than when I just wash it or get it wet with water."
ontariodwarf,mto5pu,"I don’t remember the details in the science of it but there are lots of chemical and physical reasons why your hair curls, like gravity and how water interacts with the molecules in your hair. Water adds weight to your hair, typically more than you’ll get from product alone, which pulls your strands downward and makes them look more stretched. There’s also something about hydrogen bonding where different curl types respond differently to additions to or removals of hydrogen bonds (by adding or removing water) and the strands will change shape differently. I learned this in a podcast called The Beauty Brains but I can’t remember which episode! I highly recommend checking it out"
Ashleyjasmine,mtnq1q,"You can & should moisturise your hair in braids! You can leave the braids in and spray with water, but I usually just go straight in any moisturisers. My personal fave is the keracare creme hairdress or overnight moisturiser"
DotHOHM,mtnq1q,"If you use oils you need a strong shampoo. 
I like castil soap (dr. Broners tea tree, $15/17 for 32 ounces) because it's powerful, natural, and cost effective, but a shampoo that is/says ""clarifying"" is what is standard practice. I don't do sulfates because of what the do to the environment tho and clarifying shampoos tend to have them unless they are expensive."
Pkemi05,mtnq1q,"Tips for caring for hair after the big chop&&&I’m 15F and I finally cut off my hair the heat damage was so bad I l couldn’t  take it lol. But I moisturised my hair and then put them in a protect hairstyle myself (braids). 
Do you have any advice for when u take them out or oils to use? 
So far I have olive oil coconut oil shes butter and castor oil! Is there anything else I could add? Should I moisturise my hair in braids or should I wait to take them out? I’m pretty sure I have 4c hair lol. ( I know there’s a lot of questions I was never really taught to care for my hair growing up and I would constant hot comb it and straighten it lol)"
gaylittlehobi,mtnq1q,almond oil is a personal favorite! it really keeps your hair soft & moisturized and not greasy. besides that i’d recommend moisturizing before braiding and manipulating the hair as little as possible
hanap8127,mtnq1q,Good on you for cutting away the damage. I’d consider not using any oils. Oils prevent your hair from absorbing water and can actually dry out your hair. I would continue to shampoo and condition your hair with the braids in.
janaaydanielle,mtnq1q,Really???? Bc I always thought oil was essential with natural hair 😱
AdGlittering9727,mtm0c2,I think your hair is really pretty
bubbles4everr,mtm0c2,"Attempted flexi rods for the first time today, I wouldn’t call it a fail but it looks almost the same as my natural curl pattern.&&&&&&My hair was a little bit damp come to think of it. I tried to save it by blow drying my hair with the flexi rods still in. Made it sort of frizzy. Will try again on wash day&&&Thank you!&&&Thank you very much!&&&Thank you!!"
graceyperkins,mtm0c2,"Was your hair completely dry before you removed the rods? Try a bit later rods. I use the gray ones and my curl pattern is similar to yours. I either use the Mizani mousse  wrap or Jane Carter mousse (I know she changed her name but dammed if I know off-hand).

Edit: spelling"
shida206,mtm0c2,Beautiful 😍
toochickenforchicken,mtm0c2,Off topic but you have really pretty eyes
AllieBeeKnits,mtilsa,I'm sure it's 3c also half black half puerto rican and my hair 3c
Appropriate_Heron_82,mtilsa,"Definitely 3b-3c. 
Understanding porosity as someone else mentioned is going to be key. I would also recommend understanding your hair density as well.
I have 3c -4a hair and twists and twist outs do not well with my hair (fine hair)
Braids, bun , or wash n go styles work really well too."
Aromatic_Medicine165,mtilsa,3c
BlackStarBlues,mtilsa,3b/3c
CompassionateCrier,mtilsa,I think 3b-3c. That’s what hair type I consider myself to have- I’m fully white but people always think I’m mixed either black or Latina. I’ve had a hard time with my hair because my whole family is white and nobody knew how to take care of my hair!! I’ve finally found a product that works really well though- it’s called lusbrands and is based in Canada. I absolutely love it.
ILive4Banans,mtilsa,Your curl type isn't as important as your porosity. You should try doing a porosity test so you can figure out what products and techniques (i.e allowing products to absorb under heat) will work well for your hair
Rainbows_2,mtilsa,It looks like it can be 3a
Sperez04,mtilsa,"3b-4a mixture, I guess 🤷🏽‍♂️"
TexasProud311,mtilsa,You're really beautiful! Your eyes are so pretty ❤
Tropicanasunset,mtilsa,Looks a lot like my little sister's hair so I think is 3C or at least mostly 3C
Wanderlust1101,mtilsa,"Your hair type isn't important as people make out to be. Your density, thickness, and porosity are far more important. I would try kinky curly curling custard or Camille Rose Curlmaker with Knot today underneath as a leave in. I see 3b/3c. What shampoo and conditioner for you use? I recommend regular deep conditioning. You can cowash when it's hot but you need shampoo a few times a month. I like Giovanni, Camille Rose,  or EO Essentials shampoos. TJ Maxx and Marshalls in the US carries liters of the Giovanni and EO Essentials. For deep conditioning I like Eden Bodyworks, Camille Rose, and Naturelle Grow make great conditioners. You should deep condition with heat. For cowash I like Oyin Handmade and Curl Junkie. Does where you live get humidity? That may alter what I suggested."
bubbles4everr,mtilsa,"What would you say my hair type is? Picture on the left is when it’s wet, right is when it’s dry. I have a hard time trying to style my hair and could use some tips :) Thank you! (I am mixed, 50% white 50% black)&&&&&&My curls do stretch a bit after drying or after a day or so, i love the texture of my hair when it’s closer to wash day, my curls get very tight after washing and it takes a few days to stretch them out.&&&Also thank you very much!&&&I have been using texture ID products and they really bring my curls out! I am willing to try anything!&&&Thank you for your comment! So I have been using texture ID products for a few months now. I like it! I definitely will try the products you recommend. I live in an area where it’s only really humid in the summer. I usually rock a nice fro because products don’t seem to hold well in the summer for me.&&&Thank you!"
butterflyblueskies,mtilsa,3c
hidden-question,mtilsa,Looks like a firm 3c to me!
mochigoodness,mtilsa,"Looks like my hair & it's 3C.  

Have you ever tried 2 strand twists?  I do that a lot with my hair, I like that it makes my curls chunkier.  

Have you tried any Camille Rose products?  I am really liking her Honeycomb Curl Whip Texture-Defining Supercream."
roobyroobyrooih8yoo,mtilsa,"3C and *maybe* a little bit of 4A. Am I right that your curls stretch just a bit as they dry? My curls shrink and then stretch as they go from wet to dry. Seeing a lot of 3A/B comments and... I mean I don't see that. But as another commenter alluded to, porosity, thickness, and density probably paint a way clearer picture for how your hair will respond to various washing and styling techniques. 

Last thing- you are gorgeous and so are your spirals!!"
Artistic-Loquat-0819,mtd4x1,I was wondering how your hair held up after the trip?
babydo11_,mtd4x1,"Swimming in the ocean with knotless braids?&&&I am going on a 9 day surfing trip where I will be swimming in the ocean a lot and going on long hikes. I currently have my hair in small knotless braids, and I am wondering if it is okay to do all of these activities with them on. I do not want to damage my hair but I also dont want to deal with the maintenance of the curls during the trip. Is it a good idea to keep them in? 
For background, i have 3b/3c hair.&&&Thank you so much! Ill make sure to do that.&&&Hi! I actually ended up taking the breads out beforehand :( it had already been almost a month and I was too nervous. I think I made the right choice because I ended up being in the ocean almost everyday, and I think the braids would have held me back while surfing. I also think they would have gotten really really heavy and dry from the saltwater. I didnt want to cause damage to my actual hair."
flirtandflutter,mtd4x1,"I'm not the most experienced with braids, but my main concern would be if it gets really heavy with weight when wet - and the subsequent pulling on your scalp/hair. Tying it up somehow would probably help with that, though, if it's even an issue."
that_girl_there409,mtd4x1,I think you'll be fine. Just be sure to rinse really well to get all the sand and other debris out of your hair and then use some conditioner.  Rinse out the conditioner and squeeze out as much water as you can. Wrap your hair in satin scarves when you're sleeping and when you're not swimming just for extra protection.
Cold-Championship853,mt7m6l,"did my first braid out! had it in for 2 days and i love the way it came out. (im mixed w/ 3C!)&&&&&&Thank you!&&&Black & White!&&&I’ve never tried them, I’m honestly not too experienced with my own natural hair like I should be."
Rainbows_2,mt7m6l,It looks so good!
RipredTheGnawer,mt7m6l,"You are pretty. Hope this doesn’t sound rude, but what is your mix?"
hanap8127,mt7m6l,Have you ever tried the robe curls?
WTFAUGDNGW5,mt63gm,"Retaining moisture help&&&Been growing my hair for a about three years.
I usually wear my hair in two strand twists. I haven’t found a method of keeping my hair as moisturised as just after drenching it in water. 

It usually ends up, not bone dry, but also not free flowing if that makes sense. It doesn’t ‘hang’, It’s still a bit static. The closest I’ve gotten to what I’m looking for is if I were to get into the shower without a cap and just drench my hair, it hangs like I’m looking for. Obviously that’s impractical if I want to avoid frizz afterwards, plus my hair takes a bit to air dry afterwards.

I know it’s possible (or hope so anyway) because I’ve seen other people with natural hair in twist or with locs move their hair and it’s clearly still well moisturised, floppy and soft, but mines kinda rough and a little more static.

I tend to use the LCO method, using water, a leave-in and some olive oil, it doesn’t seem to work that well. Is still get the same thing.

Does anyone have any tips for really getting and keeping your hair moisturised? The longer my hair gets (and it’s pretty long now) the more this is becoming a problem for me to the point where I’m starting to consider cutting it all off. 

I’m a man btw.&&&Alright, Thanks!  
For some reason, yours is the only comment I can see, so I'll just go with that.&&&For some reason I can’t seem to see the comments from people."
throwawayfaptingz,mt63gm,"Rice water has really helped with moisturising my hair and keeping it soft and strong. Once a week a do a hot deep conditioning treatment with all natural materials - Rice water, olive oil, my aloe vera conditioner, castor oil, peppermint oil and this other oil I got from a company called planted, black owned. I heat it all up in the microwave and then plop it on my hair for like 30 minutes and then rinse out.

Google the benefits of rice water - I have very kinky/coily hair and it moisturises my hair, making it easy to detangle."
Glutton4Glitter,mt4rra,"that's a pretty hair color on you, especially for the spring/summer"
InteractionInner8374,mt4rra,That's impressive that you did your hair yourself it looks good. ❤️👍
Serious_CatLover,mt4rra,Love it! Great job! It's def okay for us to wear braid protective styles even during spring/summer because ✨ life ✨
bansbbymutha,mt4rra,protective style i did on myself because i was tired of my hair. it would be 2 weeks old on monday and now i wanna take it out because i miss my hair🤣&&&&&&these are jumbo goddess box braids. the hair color used was 1BT27/30. for my edges i use ebin extreme hold (green jar) and i SWEAR by it. i have not used anything else in 3 years unless i had to. that’s all i think😭&&&thank yoouu🥰 i wanted to go red for the summer but i will make this my signature for anything else&&&yes yes!&&&thank you🥰
Eatingcrappa,mt4n5g,If I had that hair that’s all I would be doing lol
pastelie_ghostie,mt4n5g,"I haven't worn my hair out in such a long time, kinda miss it :(&&&&&&Haha, thanks. I've never had anyone say something so nice before 😢"
DotHOHM,mt4ggn,"She craaaaazyyyy. And totally scammed you. When I had my hair done, all the details were layed out before payment. Including if I would be bringing to supplies or not."
Missgenius44,mt4ggn,It’s a scam lol 😆 I’ve seen this happening in other groups
jade-jen,mt4ggn,"Girl I’m sorry, I’m angry for u"
projectbadass_,mt4ggn,"Story of me trying to get my hair braided.&&&So I posted in a braiding group in my area to see if anyone could do my hair. I got a response and the girl quickly messaged me and we set up a time. She asks for a $40 deposit which I send.

About ten minutes later she messages me again and needs to reschedule the appointment. Okay...we do that and it's all good. The morning of the appointment she messaged and said her car was broke down, which happened at 2am, and she thought she could get it done by our appointment at 9am.

She asks if we can reschedule or if I will come to her. I agree to come to her after waiting a half hour for her to answer me back. I start my drive, which is an hour long. Halfway into my drive she asks me if I have the items to do my hair, edge control ect. I say I do, but she never asked me to bring it. She tells me I need to find a store and buy some.

At this point I tell her I really don't even want my hair done anymore because this is ridiculous. She gets angry real fast and refused to give me my money back, stating my lack of supplies as the reason the appointment didn't happen. The supplies she never asked me to bring. I've never been asked to bring stuff like that, but I would have if she had just told me in advance.

Am I in the wrong or is she? I haven't had my hair done that many times, but I feel like this is wrong of her.&&&Thank you because I felt like I tried with her but she acted like I was so wrong. She said so you gonna cancel over some shine n jam 🥴&&&Thank you! I'm in the process of trying to get my money back now. 🤞🏽&&&Luckily I found someone else, but I'm still salty 😂😂&&&Wait forreal? Wowww lol"
slut4dior,mt4ggn,She’s so wrong. Smh. A scammer! I’m so sorry.
Exotic_Scientist_268,mt40g7,"hey check this out:-[https://itisfound.wordpress.com/2021/04/25/complete-guide-on-how-to-get-rid-of-dandruff/](https://itisfound.wordpress.com/2021/04/25/complete-guide-on-how-to-get-rid-of-dandruff/)

Some of the remedies and shampoos really work. They did work for me. Try 8x shampoo"
Fine_Elevator_2167,mt40g7,Scalp scrub
Gold_Race7993,mt40g7,"Tea tree shampoo is a game changer! You might need some deep conditioning after, but it makes the scalp really clean."
Missgenius44,mt40g7,So you need to go to Dermatologist so they can look at it. But the last time I went for this exact reason she explained to me that we actually have oily scalp and it usually means that we need to use a shampoo that has zinc in it and we wash more frequently. People usually assume that it’s dry scalp but it’s not. Once I started doing that I notice a big difference in my scalp and I hardly have flakes now it’s way better than before
SweetNique11,mt40g7,"Unless it’s like severe flaking, you need more moisture & maybe more frequent washing. Dandruff is just dry flaky skin and most dandruff shampoos just make the problem worse."
mmrlng,mt40g7,Warm tea tree oil and massage your scalp with it.
nishiboi,mt40g7,"How to get rid of Dandruff.&&&Hiya, I have 4c hair and have been struggling with Dandruff for a little while now... any tips or product recommendations?"
MeetTheBrewers,mt369l,"Bantu knots will always be my ride or die. Done on stretched hair using only the Olaplex line. No heavy creams or butters. 💕&&&&&&Aww thank you so much! 🥰☺️ I actually use the whole Olaplex line which is a total of 8 products. Their most popular products are 0 and 3. And if you’re doing stretched/ blown out styles number 6&7 are amazing for keeping down the frizz, and keeping your hair soft and shiny. 😊&&&Thank you! ☺️ I wash about every 7-10 days."
RealHousewivesOfBN,mt369l,"Oooh which Olaplex number? I stg I see you everywhere and you always look good. Your hair
is so gorgeous 🤩"
Sjones2020,mt369l,It looks really nice! How often do you wash it?
luanrezendeadao,mt369l,You look amazing
DoubllW,mt1dfj,My hair does the same thing I've been natural since I was born
Faiza_StarMadeKnight,mt1dfj,Could it be from hot water damage?
Ihave0friendzer0,mt1dfj,"I get those too always in the same spots I figured that just those few strands were a completely different type because I already have a multi type head, 3c egdes and nape the rest is 4a/4b/4c then I got a couple of em that look like what u have there."
Missgenius44,mt1dfj,That looks likes you need a trim.. when the last time you trimmed your hair?
SweetNique11,mt1dfj,"Eh, sometimes different sections of our hair are different curl patterns, happens to me too. I just cut them off so they don’t bother me! What’s a few strands? :)"
ThatHerbalHippyGirl,mt1dfj,Do you have fine hair? Could be mechanical damage. Can damage the strands the same as heat. Has it ever curled or has your hair always done this?
Wanderlust1101,mt1dfj,Do you do protein treatments? Also be reminded we have different textures all over our heads. I have 2
missviagra,mt1dfj,Do anyone know why my hair does this? These won’t curl. They’re a weird wavy/straight couple of strands. I haven’t relaxed my hair in years&&&
poke-kk,mt1dfj,"Mine do that sometimes and I always just cut them off.  Idk why it happens but I feel like they’re just individual strands that got away from the bunch while I was manipulating (brushing, braiding, etc...)"
subway_eatflesh,mt1dfj,Mine do this as week. I'm thinking maybe not all hairs are created equally 👀
2lrup2tink,msyxsf,Why not?
EtrnalBeautyBae29,msyxsf,😍😍😍😍
InteractionInner8374,msyxsf,You go girl I see you sis.❤️👍
JemmJoness,msyxsf,Very pretty! Can I ask what you did?
MelanatedTukon,msyxsf,Lovely hair
SweetNique11,msyxsf,Dude I love your tattoo! 😂
TarquinOliverNimrod,msyxsf,"Day 2 hair!&&&&&&I put perm rods in my wet hair and then African threaded it in four sections after I unraveled the dry perm rods. 

Edit: I leave the African thread in for like a day and then to go to bed I flat twist it in two sections and pin the ends."
WTFAUGDNGW5,msyxsf,Nice ☺️
Wanderlust1101,msyxsf,❤️😘😍🤗🥰 Love!
excelzombie,msyxsf,Looks ✨Beautiful✨ 😩
nasari_dros,msyxsf,Amazing! You are rocking that style 👏😍
petit_aubergine,msyxsf,so pretty sis!
Snoo30324,msyxro,Bc to my curly hair...&&&
