index,id,comments
robe00ert,ow4a9h,Loading..&&&
AffectionateAnarchy,ow1go2,Your hair looks wonderful!
Bubble_Tea35,ow1go2,It’s so pretty
Emma34577,ow1go2,As you should 😍😍😍
EmmasiOk,ow1go2,P A N D A
Indie701,ow1go2,You’re hair is so pretty! So envious!
LadyTK,ow1go2,Is it a ombré?
Lelemcgeegee,ow1go2,That looks beautiful! My hair is dyed the color of your ends. I hope to grow it out to a cute ombre like yours!
M_Sia,ow1go2,I usually get blond ends at the end of my braids but I want to try a new color. You gave me inspiration for a reddish brown.
Marieofthesea,ow1go2,Loving the color. Compliments your skin so well
NovaJ333,ow1go2,You look gorgeous
Snoo_77245,ow1go2,Gorgeous!!
Sonicrules14,ow1go2,"Got my hair cut/colored and I’m feelin’ myself lol&&&&&&Yes, from black roots to a brown/copper tone.&&&Thank you!&&&I love pandas so much 🥲"
chrissy101205,ow1go2,Love the color .
stfudj,ow1go2,You bronze goddess 👑
stinkymilk11,ow1go2,so pretty!!
Lychee_Unfair,ow0nrc,Looks good bro
devanimate,ow0nrc,Decided to go with a drop fade undercut&&&&&&Thank you!
RewnGuy,ovypm5,Protective styles for men?&&&I’m planning on going to the hair salon with my mom soon and wanted to ask what are some good protective styles for me to get? I was thinking of two strand twists but my hair is kinda uneven so I don’t think that would look the best and I don’t really want to have my hair cornrowed so I wanted to ask for more suggestions. I was thinking of maybe comb twists but I had them done one time and they came out pretty easily
perfectcell34,ovypm5,They can trim your hair beforehand if you wanted the twists. Could also get box braids
Ashtothelight,ovxkik,"Ok first thing: Adorable TWA.

Second: are you sleeping with your hair covered? Are you moisturizing regularly? 

Some traction can help stimulate hair growth. You might look into some shorter hair protective styles or scalp massages to help stimulate growth."
CharacterRude7019,ovxkik,By taking your coconuts out
DoubllW,ovxkik,Omg that growth is amazing! What do you do?
Purple-Reference6963,ovxkik,"U have satin bonnets, moisturizing routine, I also drink MSM in orange juice with that drink water thru out the day and I drink fenugreek tea or make my own fenugreek water.  It really works wonders on hair growth. I was amazed. Kcurlsys products are great also. She's a you tuber check her out."
almondmilkbrat,ovxkik,"Honestly, you’re growth so far looks great and it looks like you’ve been retaining your length well.

There’s no way to get ur hair to grow out faster but there are ways to retain length. Also, keep in mind, that everyone has different terminal lengths. There’s some people who can grow their hair to their tailbone and there’s some people who can only grow it to bra strap length. That doesn’t mean ur doing something wrong. It’s just that everyone has different terminal lengths. 

That being said, don’t stress too much on hair growth"
in-cog-negro,ovxkik,"How do I get my hair to grow out faster?&&&&&&thank you so much :). i do moisturize regularly but i almost never sleep with my hair covered. i never thought it was so important for hair growth but that might be my problem. my hair is at my shoulders now and i usually always have it pulled back in a bun to keep it out of my face at work. i usually sleep with it in a bun too.&&&the mielle rosemary mint hair oil does wonders for my hair. it feels really cooling, it smells amazing, and it helps with breakage. i even use it in my boyfriend’s hair lol.&&&thank you :). i try to focus on just keeping my hair moisturized. i usually leave my hair at about shoulder length but im trying to see how long i can grow it out. thank you for the tips."
ndilapha,ovxkik,"Oh , your hair looks lovely! For a moment I thought you are one of my daughters.  💕 I used to cut my hair often because this is my favourite length. 🤩
Good tips above, especially the bonnet or scarf.
Also, my experience with the hair growing taught me it is better and more fun to concerntrate on healthy hair. Be gentle and loving, and you will see results.
Please don't stress about length. It can steal your joy and before you know it, you're frustrated. 💞💐"
donthaveausername-,ovw0xh,"i think what you’re referring to is when they blow dry your hair really straight then straighten it. with my experience, i had a lot of damage afterwards. yes, my hair came out really straight, but the damage wasn’t worth it. they just use too much heat."
mypagewasreloading,ovw0xh,What is a brazilian straightening?&&&What are the pros and cons? Is it long lasting? do you reccoment it?&&&thank you this helped a lot :)&&&thank you
ontariodwarf,ovw0xh,"It’s usually associated with a keratin treatment, which is a smoothing treatment they put on the hair and then seal it in/activate it with heat. I personally have never had one but I’ve heard that some people get them and when they wear off their hair is back to normal but others say it ruined their curls. I read that the product isn’t highly regulated so there are some brands with ingredients that won’t harm you/damage your hair but others where the opposite is the case"
Humble-Creature,ovw0gl,"I have gotten a keratin treatment three. Once at a very expensive price at a high end salon, once through a groupon (discounted), and finally at a regular salon that offered it. The high end salon was the best hands down. A Turkish man had perfect technique and fantastic customer service. He didn't rush either, which a bad stylist will try to do so that they can move on to easier quick turn around clients. With the Groupon, she was an independent stylist working in a salon. She also had great customer service but I noticed she started trying to sell me on ""organic/non-preservative"" keratin brands. I believed her at the time, but noticed immediately it wasn't as effective. For comparison, I went on a cruise to the Bahamas with the high end treatment and loved my hair every moment of every day. Whether it was snorkeling, in the pool, or right out of the shower, my hair was the best it's ever been in my life. The Groupon treatment was regular every day going to class and hitting the gym, but I had to put in a little more effort taking care of fly aways and dryness. It also lasted half the time. Finally the regular salon that you probably see lovely old grandma's go to as regulars probably should not have offered such a technical treatment. The lady they stuck me with was young, but lazy. She had terrible customer service and would make remarks saying people shouldn't be so tender headed. I hadn't said anything about being hurt. But she used this as an excuse to drag my head around and put very little care into my well being. To this day I don't know the quality of the products used because she had no technique to speak of. I hated my hair before I even stepped out of the door. If you get good quality product and personnel, it should last at LEAST a month. It you take care of your hair you could see long term health for two months, but you will begin to see the difference in new growth on top of treated hair. 

Sorry this is so much. I hope it helps. Also, I don't do hair professionally, so there could be more that I don't know of. This is just from my experiences."
mypagewasreloading,ovw0gl,Whats the best type of long-lasting straightening fir natural hair (3c-4a)?&&&Brazilian straightening or tanin straightening or a keratin treatement&&&Thank you this helped :)
anupamaviz,ovuy2r,Coffee scrub on chemically treated hair&&&I did permanent blowdry 2 months ago. Can i use coffee scrub to exfoliate my scalp?
Washpoppin1995,ovry07,Feel like my hair was much curlier when shorter&&&
curlycasta,ovry07,I love this curl pattern 😍 you have beautiful hair.
my-weird-reality,ovry07,"same, but i’ve heard that as your hair gets longer the curls are looser because your hair is heavier"
dreamytealuv,ovrs96,"It's probably scalp psoriasis or seborrheic dermatitis, there's shampoos like nizoral or selenium sulfide to help. 

A trip to a dermatologist if possible, would help ensure it's not fungal infection if those shampoos dont help."
truejukes,ovrs96,"Sisterlocks question&&&Posting this for my wife. She has had sisterlocks for going on 6 years now. Within the last 4-6 months she has developed a dry patch of skin near her hairline. It tends to build up a patch of dead/dry skin unless she keeps up care on it. It hasn't happened before but now it'll consistently come back if not maintained.  Wondering if anyone has experienced this before or has any advice. 

Thanks!"
Niyahb196,ovqjt5,You try a wash n go or perhaps two-strand twists
cutedorkycoco,ovqjt5,"Prepandemic, I rocked a fauxhawk. Now I have this which is the longest my hair has been in years. Struggling to pull the trigger on my side shave fauxhawk. Any style suggestions to convince me to keep the length as is?&&&"
alexvalpeter,ovdco5,I definitely do this. I know a lot of people who straighten or do a “conservative” updo and I guess it may help to get your foot in the door but I would hate to be hired and then find out I can’t be myself lol. I’d rather keep moving
bdd4,ovdco5,I thought I was the only one who did this 🤣
gomjung_gumijo,ovdco5,"Using Your Hair as a Interview Test&&&Does anyone else wear their hair curly or in braids to job interviews so you can see how they treat you? I like to know up front if they're cool with me as a whole. I'm in management and if I can't do a wash n go or box braids we're gonna have problems.&&&I've had many issues with my hair being too ""trendy"" or ""too big"" so I like to test the waters when I can.&&&Exactly!&&&Definitely not alone! Sometimes ya gotta be sneaky lol"
jojo571,ovdco5,"Absolutely.  I wear faux locs, braids, and twist outs.  I've been wearing my natural hair for the last ten years.  It's important that my hair as it is will work.  I'm not straightening my hair except for trims."
wooweeitszea,ovdco5,I guess I don’t do it intentionally as a test however I’ve been natural since 2015 and don’t deviate from my routine for an interview/work. I’m in the northeast and have been fortunate to never have a hair related employment issue in my previous field or in my current field.
Wise-Breadfruit4295,ovc57y,"4a/4b Wash n go help!&&&I'm almost 3 years natural and haven't straightened my hair for 1.5 years. For the last 4 months I've been trying wash n gos and have struggled so much. My hair is type 4, low porosity, coily, dense and extremely thick (I'm talking 2-3 heads of hair thick). It doesn't hold the curl. It'll look good on wash day and by day 3 it's a dry afro with gel flaking everywhere. Once it dries it doesn't have any movement. I live in ATL so I know the humidity is causing a lot of problems but still. 

How do you achieve wash n gos? How long does it take to grow out the damaged hair/for scalp to heal from relaxers/heat damage? Do wash n gos get easier over time? How to retain moisture?&&&Thank you so much for your informative comment! This is so helpful! I've tried 2-strand twist outs and braids outs and they work much better for me so I think I'll go back to that for a while until I nail down the right products. What products do you recommend? I've tried everything haha but right now I'm using Earth Tones Naturals (conditioner and curl enchanting jelly), Innersence (shampoo), and NYC Curls Max hold gel."
mooshu1x2,ovc57y,"Have you tried doing twists or braid outs instead of wash n gos? For me I prefer wash n go’s since it gives me the best definition, but I do know of hair types that prefer twists or braid outs. Maybe worth trying it out and see how it goes. Also there are different currying techniques to wash n gos (raking, comb style, finger coiling). Try some different techniques out to see if there’s a difference. 

Additionally products, especially in humid environments, do matter. I would review your styling products and check if they contain humectants since too much of that can cause tremendous frizz in humid environments. Protein is also a factor since protein overload can cause dry, frizzy hair. 

Growing out damaged hair is dependent on the severity of the damage. Best to cut off all damage and allow the natural hair to grow. For me I cut off most of the damage and transitioned any remainder with frequent trims. Everyone’s hair grows at different rates and length retention is something to pay attention to. Your hair is growing, but can be breaking. 

Wash n gos can be easy or hard depending on many factors. Check out r/curlyhair to witness the struggle. 

Retaining moisture: Now low porosity hair has an easier time of retaining moisture than high porosity as long as you were diligent in moisturizing your hair on wash day and using ingredients that can seal the cuticle and lock in moisture. Some folks use oils or serums as a step in their routine. I’m not a fan of oils or serums, but I’ve gotten to the point that I can last about 5-6 days without needing to moisturize my hair. Then it is back to washing and having a solid deep conditioning routine. 

Hope this helps!"
Hippie_Chef,ov6qgh,Yes this is my go to style. I even wash it while it’s twisted because it’s more manageable
MissD34,ov6qgh,Yes…
Rex2land,ov6qgh,Wearing two strand twists constantly&&&Is it okay to wear two strand twists all the time as your only hairstyle and maybe take them down once every 3 weeks and then put them back in again straight after you have taken them down? So I'm always wearing two strand twists?
darkmoonpixel,ov6qgh,Do you do your own?
dearDem,ov6qgh,Yup. My hair has been in twists  for months. I just make sure to wash/condition & detangle regularly
genonepointfive,ov6qgh,"Been doing that for a few years now. 3 to 4 weeks at a time. More if life gets to me. I love the look and feel, I love being able to go to work 30 minutes after I wake up. My hair is neat and I consider it professional."
gidgetcocoa2,ov6qgh,I do.  I never thought about if it was an ok thing to do.  I just did what was most convenient. Giving it some thought I'd say it's just fine.
jahstro,ov6qgh,"Yes, the less manipulation to your hair the better"
ndilapha,ov6qgh,"Absolutely! Maybe try and move the parting even if just a bit, every now and then. This will keep from constantly stressing the same spot on scalp. 💐"
rnountdiablo,ov6qgh,"Yup, that's just fine.  I do the same thing except takedown/retwist is every week or two weeks"
OkChampionship6679,ov5w2a,"Need help with styling/tools/maintenance&&&i big chopped exactly a year ago and my hair has started to get big and stylable. i need help with picking out styling tools eg. gels and with styles i can do at this length. i also struggle with detangling but am avoiding the issue by going to the salon and detangling after each protective style, but any help on that would really be appreciated. attached will be a picture of my hair currently. any help would be great! i’m possibly looking for a gel to do slick back styles with, too.

i’m not too sure how to post an image, i will try and link it&&&https://drive.google.com/file/d/1fFRLKr2Y75zuaIDH3VK3YB6Cu-Vdx0G6/view?usp=drivesdk"
