index,id,comments
StringBean_GreenBean,sgskf8,DFW Braider Recommendations&&&I just moved to the DFW area and I I'm looking for someone to do good small-medium box braids for a reasonable price. Any recommendations?
americhum,sgskf8,"https://www.styleseat.com/m/v/anastasianela

This is the braided I love going to! Her work is amazing and she is the absolute sweetest person!"
Pure-Common-6009,sgp1w8,"Is my hair thick or thin?&&&I cannot style my hair at all because it likes staying in one place and super stiff and I thought I just had thick hair because of that, until I noticed I can easily touch my scalp and it feels thin. My hair is also bouncy and when I put my hair back it sticks up, also my scalp is easily visible when parted, what type of hair do I have? (Is it my diet because I have very poor diet.)&&&So just fixing my diet will fix my hair volume? I have never felt my hair so thin and I started this diet 2 months ago."
wj2smooth,sgp1w8,"Could certainly be your diet. Hard to tell without seeing a picture but generally, if you can see your scalp you have less dense hair. I think thickness has more to do with the size of the strand… like if a standalone strand can be felt when running between your fingers, it’s generally thick… so if you want your hair to be thicker in terms of volume and density, maybe try some biotin and fix your diet, but you can’t change the width of the strand"
Fabulousness13,sgo0il,Mental health is real…
TheVampire-King,sgo0il,She was probably battling depression a long time.
TyQuavious_,sgo0il,😨😨😨😰
asif15,sgo0il,Wow that’s so sad. Do people know why?
bsclmc,sgo0il,oh my... im shocked and so sad honestly. wow. she is my inspiration. really seemed to have everything in order. poor girl. wonder what she thought seeing others look up to her...RIP
fitnesstrappin,sgo0il,"Natural Queen Cheslie Kryst who won Miss USA in 2019 is gone too soon at 30 😣&&&&&&I wonder too but I also am aware that it’s likely family or close friends who knows why. 

It’s just deeply saddening for a lot of us…I will continue to remember her as being a natural beauty who stood tall always embracing her crown not changing for anyone’s “standards” and making history with all her accolades.

I pray everyone that may be going thru something gets help or talks to someone they can trust. We deserve to live our beautiful lives in its entirety.

Fly high Cheslie Kryst 🙏🏽"
mindblowningshit,sgo0il,RIP. ❤❤❤Another person gone too soon.
LadySniperSwagg,sgnxcu,"Treating Psoriasis with natural hair&&&I’ve been dealing with psoriasis for years. At first it was just in the back of my head near my neck and now it is in various parts of my scalp. In the meantime I wore my hair straightened, natural, and now mainly wearing braids with it blown out. I have used sulfur 8 products, apple cider vinegar and lemon juice rinse, and dove anti flake shampoo and conditioner on top of the sulfur 8 scalp treatment. My scalp starts the process of flaking up three days after wash day and it gets bad to the point that I HAVE to wash my hair every 7-10 days. I want to try more braid hair styles but I know I can’t at the moment due to my psoriasis. Is there any shampoo or oils that I need to be using? Thanks"
PunkGF,sgnxcu,Stop using those products. Psoriasis is a medical condition. You need to go to a doctor or trichologist for treatment. Do not take medical advise on here.
dreamytealuv,sgnxcu,"Go to a doc, they'll be able to prescribe you something stronger that'll work like ketodan foam or ketoconazole. 

Over the counter I'd suggest nizoral, dr eddys happy cap shampoo, and selenium sulfide lotion, it works like a shampoo."
goldenbeautymark,sgnxcu,"If you got to the doctor Whatever your prescribed make sure you don’t use it for too long, I would recommend rotating different shampoos. Try to stay away from fragrances on the scalp. It’s never gonna go away for good, you just have to figure out how to treat it."
EloquentElixir,sgnk5y,"Instead of blow drying your hair, why don't you try a bonnet dryer? It should work much better than a blow dryer and be safer for your hair since it uses indirect heat. As for your scalp problems, have you seen a dermatologist yet?"
OvertureStealer,sgnk5y,"Do you know if you have seborrheic dermatitis? I got diagnosed with that and got prescribed ketoconazole shampoo which helps, I've also sometimes just used a normal shampoo and then put Sulfur 8 all over my scalp after rinsing out my conditioner (in the shower while the scalp is still wet). As far as keeping moisture away from the scalp, I usually put a hair towel on my head for a while before getting into styling so it can absorb some of the water."
chobibi,sgnk5y,"How can I lower the stress with my hair? Permanent style?&&&First of all, my hair really stresses me out. Sometimes I wonder if I should just cut it all off but then I realize that the frustration I currently have will repeat if I ever decided to grow my hair back. I don't like taking a whole day for my hair. I ruminate on how other people don't have to spend so much time on their hair, but maybe it's just something I have to suck up because I have this hair. 

Type 4b/c, very thick, and I have a scalp issue that requires me to really get my scalp clean. The latter alone answers my title but I just don't know. I've tried, keeping my hair low until my scalp clears but it just takes time so I eventually let it grow back. To top it off, I have to blow dry my hair because my scalp issue worsens with moisture and the thickness of my hair keeps my scalp wet for hours. 

I don't know what to do. Any advice.&&&My regular doctor prescribed ketoconazole shampoo, which is what another person who replied uses too. It works. The middle of my head specifically has a rough time because my hair is so much thicker there.&&&I'm not too sure but I've been prescribed ketoconazole shampoo, too. I used to use Sulphur 8 in high school a couple years back but my friends said my hair kinda smelled like gasoline or something. So yeah."
EloquentElixir,sgmcr0,You could try it but imo that's overkill.
penguincatcher8575,sgmcr0,Dump the oil and use the hold/gel
sammyfire2001,sgmcr0,How do you normally style your hair?
saygudbye,sgmcr0,L.C.O.G method good for 4c hair??&&&I’m having trouble wondering if I should keep oil in my curly hair routine because I’m not sure how it would mix with putting gel on my hair. Any advice ??&&&Yea I was thinking the same. Well then when can I put my oil in throughout the week? It grows my hair real well
suparkise,sgmcr0,"I think thats fine if you’re doing a wash n go. If youre just doing twists/a protective style id most definitely drop the gel and end it with the oil as a sealant. By the L i assume you mean liquid? thats how i always read it im sorry if im wrong lol. I do liquid, leave in, oil and gel, but the oil is completely optional i feel if youre using gel. Or just oil your scalp throughout the week? Which ill also do if im not putting the oil on my hair strands as well"
Salt-Response8486,sgls90,hair typee check!!&&&
Angelinapatina,sglfmc,"Wait so did you comb your dreads out, or did you just let your hair grow out and then cut off the ends? I want to know exaclty how you went from pic 1 to pic 4.

I’ve always thought about dreads, but it’s like I’d be stuck with them if I got them."
AshlandSouth,sglfmc,Pretty
Best-Isopod9939,sglfmc,So beautiful
cry-babiix,sglfmc,😌💙been going through the changes&&&&&&Lol no I have locs  and the pics are from present to past.&&&Thank you 💙💙&&&😅thank you
AIDSisnobanter,sgd9cc,"Your hair can only absorb so much product. You have a white caste because you've used too much product and those products are thick. If the product is say on the hair, it's because it's not absorbed on the hair.

Low porosity hair needs thinner products because the cuticle is more closed so thicker products won't penetrate as well.

Use thinner products or thin out the cream products with water so they're more liquidy before applying. (DO NOT MIX WATER STRAIGHT INTO THE CONTAINER, YOUR PRODUCT WILL GO MOULDY).

Also try not to be super heavy handed with products."
BeginnerPoledance,sgd9cc,I dont get why you're using the curl enhancing smoothie AND ecostyler? The former is meant to be like a light gel
Blaque-Cat,sgd9cc,"You’re getting a white cast because you’re using two creams under a gel. Either use the gel by itself or only use one cream under the gel. It’s also possible you have buildup, which cause a white cast regardless of products used. Use heat to dry your hair if you want it to last longer and have less frizz."
YoYo_ismael,sgd9cc,"How do I make thwhite cast of the products go away faster ? Should I blow dry? If so, for how long&&&Hair type, low porosity coarse, and dry af

I put shea moisture strengthen and restore leave in conditioner then rub in shea moisture curl enhancing smoothie then rub in eco styling gel olive oil 

They leave a white cast, I want my hair to absorb them faster should I blow dry them in?&&&so what your saying is, heat wont fix the white cast but will make my hair last longer and with less frizz ?"
penguincatcher8575,sgd9cc,Ooph. I would suggest using different products all together. With lo porosity you wanna avoid creams and find product that comes lighter. I would also avoid anything with olive oil as it dries out hair and keeps product on top.
Kessler1234578900,sgcv5z,"How to take care of my hair when it’s in braids&&&Hi! I just got my braids done, they’re knit less box braids. I plan taking them out in about 3 weeks. I’m wondering what I can do to ensure my hair is getting what it needs while it’s in the braids. I think I might use some leave in conditioner in a spray bottle and spray it in the mornings before going to work. I’m wondering if that a good plan or if there anything else I can do to keep my hair healthy while it’s in braids. Thanks!"
LaDiDah97,sgcv5z,Does it make any difference if it's crochet braids? Or does the routine stay the same?
Marshmellows_Only,sgcv5z,"I just spray mine with a leave in (with protein in it) or moisturizing spray every other day. And grease my scalp with sulphur 8, Indian hemp grease, or sometimes just shea butter twice a week or as needed. Using essential oils like tea tree oil once a week is good to fight bacteria growth and itching on the scalp."
PunkGF,sgcv5z,"This!!! When it gets frizzy, apply a mousse and a scarf until it dries/diffuse or use a hooded drier. Back to almost new."
StringBean_GreenBean,sgcv5z,"Spray with a liquid leave-in conditioner and grease my scalp 1-2 times a week, then wash every 2-3 weeks depending on activity level or as necessary. It's a protective style so you shouldn't have to do much; just make sure your scalp is clean and moisturized and you'll be fine. 

Also make sure to sleep with a scarf, braid bonnet, or satin pillow. It'll keep your braids from getting fuzzy."
etherealmeadows,sgcv5z, Wash and conditioner every 7-10 days
Angie_MJ,sgcm4t,"Water based moisturizers, they tend to have their top ingredients listed as water and/or glycerine. Everything oil bases follows if at all. I like the brand  As I Am ‘so much moisture’. It’s still has oil in it but it’s primarily water based, it comes out thin and a little goes a long way, you just massage it to spread and broadly go along your protective styles. As low porosity tends to do, this will not give you a week of moisture so you find a routine that keeps you moisturized without going into greasy territory. Every so many days essentially."
Blaque-Cat,sgcm4t,"You need to wash your scalp every 7-14 days while your hair is in braids. Spraying rose water, applying oil, and applying grease is not going to magically restore the water to your hair. Only shampoo and conditioner can do that."
Mean-Cicada-333,sgcm4t,"Low Porosity hair maintenance in protective styles&&&Hi, I’d like to know how to make sure my hair stays moisturizes while in protective styles. At the moment I spray with rose water and put grape seed oil but it takes a while to dry and sometimes will even go into my pillow bc it just sits on top. And when I take my hair out, I experience extreme breakage because it’s so dry. What are your daily or mid week routines for moisturizing your low porosity hair in protective style ?&&&I will start every 2 weeks now&&&Would i put a light oil after i use this ?&&&When i used grease, it just left my head greasy"
randomuseridklmao,sgcm4t,"Blue magic grease helps me, I grease my scalp AND hair. I used to get cornrows a lot but now I have twists and wear a silk bonnet, especially while I’m laying in bed or sleeping.

P.s. I should mention, greasing is best in damp hair, especially after conditioning."
BetterDays2cum,sg9fy7,How did you do it heatless? And how long did it take?
Daillestandrealist,sg9fy7,"Heatless Blowout and Trim&&&&&&Decided to do a heatless blowout and it was time for a trim. Results are pretty okay, I’m just happy I did a good job trimming my own hair 😂&&&Thank you very much! I shampooed and deep conditioned my hair, then sectioned into 10 two-strand twists and let my hair dry with a microfiber towel. 

Once it was dry I detangled with a light weight leave-in conditioner each section one piece of twist at a time and started with a wide tooth comb and worked down to a finer tooth comb, then sealed with jojoba oil.

I probably could have got more stretch with a braids instead of twists but I was tired by the time I was rinsing out the deep conditioner 😂&&&I shampooed and deep conditioned my hair, then sectioned into 10 two-strand twists and let my hair dry with a microfiber towel. 

Once it was dry I detangled with a light weight leave-in conditioner each section one piece of twist at a time and started with a wide tooth comb and worked down to a finer tooth comb, then sealed with jojoba oil.

I probably could have got more stretch with a braids instead of twists but I was tired by the time I was rinsing out the deep conditioner. Washing and deep conditioning my hair probably took about 2 hours, the process of combing out the hair after it was dry and trimming took probably another 2 hours."
KEnyinna,sg9fy7,You still have some split ends left. I suggest taking off a bit more all over.
YhouZee,sg9fy7,"Lush, beautiful hair! How did you achieve the heatless blowout?"
Abdel__M,sg70qu,Hairline best cream&&&What's the best hairline cream guys&&&Yeah I wanna regrow my hairline
wj2smooth,sg70qu,Not sure what a hairline cream is… are you looking to regrow your hairline?
Anxious_Reputation56,sg1dmv,Should I get dreads or become a blow dry natural?&&&Idk if I want dreads cause they look cool but I like the versatility of black hair however dreads seem like less maintenance. The only thing I don't like about dreads is that it seems like a lotta work to keep them clean. So I am stuck between wanting to blow dry my natural hair or getting dreads. 
Serious_Scarcity_886,sg1dmv,Blow dry 🤩
needhelpeveryday,sg1dmv,"I personally am a blow out natural. I actually love it, once you have washed your hair and blow dried it. It’s so easy to maintain. If i sleep without a bonnet snd my hair gets messed up, i just do a little drying with the blow dryer to stretch it out again (takes less than a minute and doesn’t have to be on high heat). It’s easier to do buns, ponytails, and braids. I also like versatility so thats why i haven’t gone through with locing my hair. I like to straighten my hair so thats why im s blow dry natural"
Pmorefan,sfy12z,you need to wash your hair more often. dehydrated hair (hair without regular water exposure) will be weak and brittle
happyhippoking,sfy12z,"Does your hair tend to grow outward (then down) and maybe that's why you're not seeing length? Your hair is growing in width? Your routine looks good, it sounds like you have a good diet, and you tend to go low maintenance. Do you think you could push your trimming schedule out to 12 weeks instead? Maybe you don't need trims that often because you're maintaining it well. 

This might be the length where your hair experiences the most damage, so you might need to keep it in a protected style."
jewelisgreat,sfy12z,"You have a good routine. Your hair is still growing, you are not retaining length. When you look at your shed hair, is it long strands or the ends?  The ends are the oldest part of your hair strands.  When it looks like my growth it is stalled it because my ends are breaking because they getting knotted. I always try to keep my ends moisturizered and tucked into my hair do they are not exposed. 

How much are getting trimmed every 6-8 weeks?  You need to only trim your hair every 3 months. You may be trimming off your length and therefore not noticing your growth."
needhelpeveryday,sfy12z,"Take nature bounty’s hair, skin, and nails gummies. I take the one that has a purple lid and the highest amount of biotin. I take four a day. My mom, sister, and i all take it and have seen great results! I swore up and down my hair had plateaued as well, but it’s growing with the gummies now!"
sparrowchelsea,sfy12z,"4B/4C Hair Growth Plateau!! Please Help!!&&&Hey everyone! So I did a big chop in 2018 &amp; it was an a great decision. Fast forward to April 2021 and my hair was the longest &amp; healthiest it’s ever been. But April ‘21 was the last time I saw my hair grow. Since then, I’ve been stuck at the same length (about 3-4 inches past my shoulders), and I’m in need of some advice to get it to keep growing. Here’s my regimen &amp; hair type:
- 4B/C, low porosity 
- I moisturize every other night using the LCO method (specifically, water, TGIN cream, &amp; argan oil + mane choice growth oil on my scalp) - great combo, my hair always feels soft 
- I primarily wear wig braids (I’ll give it a break every few months &amp; wear it out in a puff), but overall VERY very low manipulation &amp; I keep it in the protective style 90% of the time
- Deep condition every time I wash my hair (I wash every 4 weeks &amp; use all TGIN &amp; Camille rose products - very moisturizing) l
- I also clarify every other wash
- The only heat I use is blow drying my hair but I also use heat protectant 
- Very regular trims (every 10-12 weeks) 
- I eat lots of fruits &amp; veggies on the regular 
- I also take 1200 mcg of folic acid every day 
- I wear a satin bonnet every night &amp; my pillow case is satin

I feel like I’m doing all the right things so I’m just confused about why my hair has suddenly stopped growing. It was doing GREAT before 04/21 (with the same regimen) &amp; now it’s stalled out 

I’m considering cutting all my hair off if it doesn’t get any longer bc why all this maintenance for no improvement? Any thoughts?&&&When I detangle, it’s long pieces of hair that are coming out - I also try & make sure my ends stay moisturized and bc I work from home, I keep them tucked in my bonnet most of the day 

But maybe I need to be more gentle with them overall & pay closer attention to moments I could be treating them rough! I appreciate your advice🙂"
bramezz,sfuae8,Tell me about your personal hair journey! (Research)&&&[removed]
AshlandSouth,sfnrr8,pretty
Best_Satisfaction505,sfnrr8,Love this! It looks so good and you look beautiful!
Buttafly_360,sfnrr8,They came out very nice😍😍 for it to be ur first attempt👀❤
Itchy_Ad7089,sfnrr8,Oh beautiful hairstyle ❤️
OvertureStealer,sfnrr8,Love them!! I wanna try doing box braids but the struggle is real 😩
TORONTOFOODJUNKY,sfnrr8,So pretty!!! Lol the first time I did braids myself it took a week😂
Tiffanetic,sfnrr8,"My first attempt: Took me 3 days but I love how these box braids came out.&&&&&&Thank youuu&&&Thank youuu! I definitely understand lol&&&Thank youu! I just winged it honestly.&&&Thank you! My parts aren't perfect, esp in the very back but I tried to make the rest look as good as possible.&&&The struggle is definitely real lol&&&Thank you so much! Yes, next time I may do them bigger so it won't take so long.&&&Thank you!&&&Thank youu&&&Thank youu Lol i definitely understand&&&Thank you&&&Thank youu&&&Thank youu&&&Thank youu😊&&&Thank you so much!&&&Thank youu"
WhyStateTheObvious,sfnrr8,Absolutely amazing! 😍
alleina13,sfnrr8,Great job! My first attempt didn’t look nearly as good. Love the colour too.
cutiieluvr,sfnrr8,so cute!! i cried when i tried to do my own box braids 😭
deirdrewestmo,sfnrr8,I love your box braids
jewelisgreat,sfnrr8,Beautiful!
kkheart20,sfnrr8,They look professional!! Do you have a tutorial that you followed
needhelpeveryday,sfnrr8,"Mine took 16 hours once and i thought I was doing something wrong because it took so long lol. But i’m glad i’m not the only one who it takes time for.

Looks so good! Your hard work paid off!"
randomuseridklmao,sfnrr8,Amazing 😍 I was planning on doing my own box braids but I’m scared of the parting.
willpayyoutokillme,sfnrr8,You look stunning. You did a great job on the braids too !
Tiffanetic,sfnpf8,My first time doing box braids&&&&&&Took me 3 days but I love how these box braids came out
BeautyOfaWolf,sfn866,Chemicals in the braiding hair. As a child I always had my hair braided with my natural hair only. As an adult I decided to venture away from the natural route to try something different and got box braids with braiding hair. I believe it was the Rastafri hair or something like that. My scalp broke out so bad from the chemicals that I had to take them out in less than 2 weeks. My scalp was so itchy and raw. My daughter seems to have the same allergic reaction as me and I tried multiple brands in her hair before realizing it was definitely the chemicals. Since then I've never used braiding or fake hair of any kind ever again.
FinerEveryday,sfn866,I think the quality of braiding hair (or the chemicals) is getting worse. My stylist said she’s been noticing issues during/after braids.
HourRepresentative35,sfn866,2nd the dermatologist. They can get really specific with you about what's causing the irritation. You can wipe it with witch hazel on a cotton ball to help soothe
KEnyinna,sfn866,"You're allergic to something. Either to the braiding hair or to the products used to braid your hair. Try putting topical Benadryl on your rash. If that doesn't work, then try rinsing your head and neck with a water and vinegar mix. If that doesn't work then unfortunately you might have to remove the braids."
Tiffanetic,sfn866,Yeah looks like you may have an allergic reaction for sure.
Various-Sky1503,sfn866,This!! I tend go the extra safe route and soak mine twice [rinsing in between] for about 30 minutes in warm water before using. Have also had good results with distilled white vinegar.
brokewithrichdreams,sfn866,"Their combs could've been dirty, the braiding hair doesn't cope well will your skin and/or the towels needed to be washed."
brosiaaa,sfn866,Always soak braid hair in a 59/50 apple cider vinegar and water mixture for about 10 minutes before braiding your hair.
go-CC-go,sfn866,Also do the soak because little microorganisms like to travel in cardboard and plastic.
incepince,sfn866,"My dad got these 12 years ago after getting a haircut, he got rid of them with Clindamycin, but he still gets them from time to time, go to a derm that's the best option"
joyxjay,sfn866,"Red tiny bumps on neck after new braids, any idea what it is?&&&&&&I had braids in with this hair for the last month, i just recently took them out and redid them with my leftover hair. No reaction the entire last month— can you have late reactions to this stuff?"
t-f1nal,sfn866,Sometimes braiding hair has chemicals coating it so you may be having an allergic reaction to that
