index,id,comments
Manishasaru,s5umgu,"Of Course, you can. Where are you from? If you are from India then the [Zoylee app](https://www.zoylee.com/) is one of the [best salon appointment booking apps](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.zoylee&hl=en). You can find and book a salon/spa/parlor near you. Their services are also well mentioned in the app."
doctorlimon,s5umgu,"I would recommend just calling any place that looks decent and asking “how much do you charge for a wash, deep condition and trim? (Or whatever else you want!) 

They should be able to provide a price range and then you can ask what products they use and explain your situation. (:"
girl-w-glasses,s5umgu,"First you’ll need to find a hair salon.. I can’t imagine it’s hard to find someone to wash and trim your hair. It’s a pretty simply service, what state do you live in? 

Your hair will probably need to be stretched in order to trim it some stylist can probably do this by blow drying your hair and not flat ironing, but your hair will need to be stretched otherwise you’ll end up with an uneven trim. 

Use google and social media to find a stylist."
nonethelessnine,s5umgu,"How do I book for a salon appointment for the first time?&&&I probably sound dumb but I never booked an salon appointment or ever been to one before. I did look up a few but none of them had what I wanted.

I want a Salon that aid in healthier hair growth. That use healthy hair products. 

I don't want to get my hair styled or anything.I wanted to get my hair Shampoo, deep condition, detangled and my split ends cut but I don't want them cutting more then what is Necessary,  but I couldn't find a selection with all of that listed. And they didn't have like a customized selection either. So I don't know if I'm just understanding it wrong or if I should call them and ask.

I want to stay away from heat it's been a full year without heat touching my hair and I want to keep it going. Can I get my split ends cut without them needing to straighten my hair? I want to maintain as much of length as possible&&&What I mean by i didn't understand is because They have something listed as 'Cut' but it wasn't  Pacific on what type of cut they meant, like trim, dusting, or a literal hair cut. So I didn't want to accidentally buy something I didn't want. 

On a different website they had Shampoo and condition together but had detangling as a  Separate selection. So I was trying to figure out if they was going to Shampoo and condition my hair but leave it Tangled and matted because it wasn't included with the service I picked. You see what I mean?

I live in Texas.&&&Is that supposed to be an Insult? Or an actual question?"
stealthpursesnatch,s5umgu,How old are you?
AlexandraLiberty,s5ox67,These are some very very juicy twist.
Jadeee-1,s5ox67,It’s so cute!
Jas_Dragon,s5ox67,Very cute! Nice job!
KEnyinna,s5ox67,Looks nice!
Lelemcgeegee,s5ox67,Cayute! Great job BF! it’ll also look great when you take them out
NobieNeeds2Know,s5ox67,He's a keeper 🔥🔥🔥
Omgmaps,s5ox67,It's nice and chunky! Looks healthy and beautiful.
Purple_Willow8,s5ox67,I like it!
SheLordRaiden,s5ox67,Cute style and your twists are so juicy!!! You hair looks so healthy and hydrated! Love to see it!😍
Storm989898,s5ox67,Do y’all like this style my boyfriend did for me? I sure do😁🥰&&&&&&Facts!&&&Thank you😁&&&Thank you😎&&&Thank you!!&&&Thank you!!!&&&Aww thanks!&&&Thank you!!&&&Thank you!! I can’t section my hair to save my life lol&&&Thank you!!&&&Thank you!!&&&Thank you!!&&&Thank you!!&&&Thank you!!&&&Thank you!! I got it from Walmart&&&Thank you!!&&&Thank you!!&&&Thank you!! I can’t wait to see the pattern with the twist out. I’ll probably post it in here&&&Thank you man! It’s crazy we were in a previous reddit topic. You’re up next!&&&Thank you!!
Sweet_Imagination280,s5ox67,Nice job! Looks Fabulous!
almondmilkbrat,s5ox67,"they look SO healthy.. omg. Now, if only my twists would act right, lol"
changlingmuskrat,s5ox67,Yes!
esoalua,s5ox67,Super cool! Love your t-shirt btw
neenay,s5ox67,Good job bf! Your hair looks so healthy!
nilas_november,s5ox67,Cute as can be! Tell him to go on w his bad self and these skills lol 🧠❤️ I don't even know how to section my hair properly 💀
raimbows,s5ox67,he did a great job! i bet the twist out will look great too
rii_hnme,s5ox67,He did such a great job 😊😊
s_elendur,s5ox67,"hah, i remember you from your post about buying a house. congrats on that by way. i don't think i replied but i love to see people that look like me succeeding. your hair does look good. your bf did a great job."
theblackgoldofthesun,s5ox67,Omg i love a juicy twist. It’s so cute 💕
Fine_Neighborhood_67,s5nssz,"Box Braids or Twists to protect hair on vacation?&&&I’m going on vacation next week and I’m deciding between knotless braids, traditional box, or some type of twist so I can swim. Which holds up the best through swimming/washing?&&&are you able to swim in/wash them without them getting too frizzy?"
Sam-0808,s5nssz,"I think Knotless braids would be best. Take like holding sprays to reduce frizz, edge control and gel. Like spray on leave in conditioners to keep the style fresh after you swim and all."
purpleistolavendar,s5nssz,If you want to swim knotless braids in a short style will be best. Make sure you don’t get anything too long or heavy or that will weigh you down and makes swimming difficult.
xmermaid165,s5nssz,For me knotless work best
Particular_Corgi_125,s5i8pb,"I think my hair is 4a, if it’s not tell me otherwise&&&"
DorkyDame,s5fshc,Well the quality of your shampoo & conditioner is one major factor. The cheap stuff will tangle tf out of your hair. A hair stylist recommended AG boost & its helped my hair a lot. Also when washing your hair rake your fingers through your hair to detangle. Rake your hair again when  using conditioner even while rinsing. Then after I get out of the shower I put my hair in 4 braids before I start styling it to keep it detangled.
EloquentElixir,s5fshc,"You could twist them with the DC in them, wash it out still in twists, and wash each section one twist at a time (Do bigger twists so it doesn't take forever)"
amadiz,s5fshc,"Help with shampooing?&&&I pre-poo with deep conditioner and use that lather to get out all of the tangles, and it works with little breakage. But once I wash it out then wash with shampoo, I have little time before it starts to shrink and get extremely tangled (more so than before I started doing it). I need more time because I try to put it in many twists. Tips?&&&Thanks, I’ll try this next time!&&&Thanks!  🥰"
DankMyco,s5eozd,If you have had your hair natural and go get one silk press and leave it for a week or whoever long it’ll be fine. Your curls will look a little limp next time you wear it down and stretched out a bit but it recovers quickly. I only will press it a few times a year and wear my curls the rest of the time. And it’s totally fine.
Greeneyesdontlie85,s5eozd,"Same hair type , I get one to two a year with no damage, I do however go to a stylist I’ve known and trusted for years. I wear my silk press for like 3-4 weeks 😵‍💫😆"
OneofManyJailyns,s5eozd,"My hair's 4a-4b. I usually get a silk press once a year at Christmas and keep it for 2 weeks with no heat damage and minimal touch ups. It matters about who does your silk press and how straight they get it on the first go. But, make sure that your hairstylist uses a good heat protectant and that if you do touch it up, you use one as well. Touch ups should be  on as low as a heat setting as you can get away with and it still straighten. Wrap your hair up at night and do not touch up every day and you'll be fine."
moodykut,s5eozd,"want to get a silk press&&&hi!,so my hair is 3c/4a and i wanted to get a silk press but how damaging is it? and how long did it take for your hair to recover?&&&oh ok,i actually got my hair straightened in september,but it wasn’t a silk press and it got so frizzy so i was also worried about whether or not it would look frizzy since i live in a humid city"
MoistCandieMatter,s59wdr,The amount of hair you need always depends on the length and fullness you want to achieve - but most importantly your natural hair to begin with. My hair is quite full so I don’t use more than 4-5 packs because I always want length.
OvertureStealer,s59wdr,"Idk what exactly the hair looked like but that sounds like quite a lot of hair to use, I think average I've seen used is maybe 3-4 but it depends on the size of the twist. People doing jumbo twists use more hair for example"
hardyten,s59wdr,"Is 9 packs too much?&&&I got passion twists done and I’ve been a little upset with it. First, I don’t like when my hair is dense because I like versatility and all that and second it’s heavy but I can’t tell if it’s unbearably heavy since it’s brand new.

When I got the hair done, I told the lady the most important thing is that I don’t like it dense but I think she took it as making my parts bigger but adding more hair. It seemed fine but until it was the last section that’s when it starting to hit…

Man, I showed pictures and everything. I had a little too much faith in the process.

TL;DR: How many packs do you guys typically use for passion twist? Can’t tell if I’m being a baby about this or if that’s a concerning amount."
xmermaid165,s59wdr,Passion twists were my fo to for the summer. Ive never used more than 4 packs
AverageGardenTool,s57sn8,Same
ChocolateNapqueen,s57sn8,"I do so in sections and I always start by applying it to my ends and then going into the roots if my hair similarly to how I would apply a perm (I don’t have a perm) or hair color. My beautician recommended I do this because we often apply to the ends of our hair and miss parts of the roots which is our new growth which should be getting the same attention as our ends. 

As far as adding it directly to your scalp, I can’t see why there would be a direct pro for you but there shouldn’t be a con. I would just ensure that everything you’re using is moisturizing so that you aren’t drying out your hair/scalp in the process."
bsclmc,s57sn8,I always do but I rinse it well
kingdomcame,s57sn8,"I don't apply it directly. I apply it to my length and then after a bit start raking my fingers through it which indirectly spreads it to my scalp. I try to rinse it really well so as to prevent build up of any kind. Many conditioners have oils and other moisturizers which can stay behind even after a good rinse, which can make your hair start to look greasier quicker. I guess it just depends on your hair type. There's nothing inherently wrong with applying conditioner to your scalp. I think they mostly just say that because conditioner tends to travel there whether you purposely put it on your roots or not."
nonethelessnine,s57sn8,"Is it okay to apply Conditioner Directly to your scalp?&&&Deep conditioner, intense treatment, protein conditioner etc. it always states to apply to the length of your hair but it never say you shouldn't apply to your scalp or if you can't. 

I don't understand what the problem of doing it. Your hair grows from your scalp so shouldn't it be a good thing to apply it to your scalp as well so your scalp is getting the moisture and Nutrition along with the length of your hair?

Can anyone explain the pros and cons of it if there is any?"
ontariodwarf,s57sn8,"I don’t do it on purpose because it leads to build up. Additionally, lots of ingredients in rinse out products can cause irritation if left on the scalp, which is likely to happen if you’re applying it directly and not rinsing it out. I do get conditioner on my scalp accidentally because I squish the conditioner in with lots of water and I can tell when I didn’t rinse it out right because my scalp gets itchy and flaky out of the shower"
the_onri,s57sn8,"Conditioner should only be applied directly to the length of your hair, as its purpose is to smooth the cuticles of your strands, which are raised during the shampooing process. 

By applying conditioner directly to your scalp, you’re only promoting buildup, which could lead to itchiness, flaking, and/or other scalp issues. There are no pros to this practice."
bblxnche,s4zho1,"this is great for your hair as it keeps it detangled, but i would suggest using a leave in and oil in the style so your hair is moisturized at night. trust me when i say that it makes a world of difference when styling your hair the next day and will help your hair stay healthy!"
changlingmuskrat,s4zho1,I do a kind of crown twist. Pineapples never worked for me.
curvyswag,s4zho1,"I wear my hair in a WnG most of the time. I don’t twist or braid at night. I wear a buff to sleep, wake up….shake and go. No oils or leave ins or anything of the sort. Wash my hair weekly and barely get a nickel sized ball of hair after detangling. Keep it simple."
diaaaamondd,s4zho1,"Night Routine?&&&As a relaxed girl i usually just braided my hair in four sections as a protective style overnight. But as I transition to natural i see a lot of naturals dont wear their hair in a protective style to sleep, a lot pineapple. Since ill have pretty short hair after big chopping i dont think this is ideal for me. I was thinking twisting or braiding my hair nightly like i did when i was relaxed.

Does anyone else do this is? How is it tangling wise? is it a bad idea?&&&what if my hair is too short for a puff? what would you do instead?"
shinydolleyes,s4zho1,"I wear twist outs, braid outs and wash and goes.  I absolutely refuse to retwist at night.   As long as I've styled it well, there's minimal tangling. My hair is short and I wear either my buff or my elongated bonnet (picture something that looks sort of more like a long beanie) at night."
cammycandy,s4xgjq,"mysterious girl on the train lol I liked my hair tho&&&&&&water, mielle conditioning cream, olive oil, :)))"
AdDazzling8016,s4w1h5,4&&&
Cabbage_Patch_Itch,s4up1x,"I do medium-jumbo braids ass much as possible. Then I go for a high bun or hair wrap in between. I sometimes throw on a fake pony or half-wig, too. I work in healthcare."
Joiara246,s4up1x,I go very low maintenance. Wash once every 3 weeks and wear twists. Satin bonnet every night.
MedleyH,s4up1x,"I rock a wash and go, perfected my routine for myself so it lasts about 5-6 days before I have to redo I only do my hair once a week usually less than a hour.
During the week I literally wake up and shake my hair out maybe some light fluffing"
SeaSalterShaker,s4up1x,"I wear two-strand twists, so I only do my hair on the weekends. I have no time during the week, lol. At night, I wear a satin bonnet."
SushiLioness,s4up1x,"I’m working from home at the moment but I’ve been doing the following pretty much throughout the pandemic - I wash every 2 or so weeks. I do 2 strand twists on week one and wear them for a week doing half up half down or pinned styles. On the second week I unravel the twists and wear them in a twist out or high puff. I spray the twists daily or every 2 days with leave in conditioner. When wearing the twist out, at night I do a low pineapple with a silk scarf then a bonnet over the top to protect the ends. In the mornings I spray African Pride Moisture Miracle Coconut Milk and Honey Conditioner (or Aunt Jackies Half and Half Hair Milk) on my flattened curls and shake my hair to loosen it. Then I brush up the perimeter and tie it back up into my puff! I don’t often use gel as sometimes when I’m wearing black (I work in corporate) I get small flakes on my shoulders."
Urikalynn_,s4up1x,I split my hair routine into 2 days lol i shampoo/condition and i deep condition over night usually before bed then i wake up the next morning (usually i line it up with an off day or make sure I’m doing a closing shift) wash out the conditioner and style. Its the only way my hair is getting done and it works for me but sometimes i just don’t have time and I’ll just detangle and restyle vs washing
amboutte,s4up1x,Same! And I try to do larger twist so it only takes 45mins-1 hour to do them!
penguincatcher8575,s4up1x,Basically do a “wash and go” every day. But have gotten the process down to 35-45 minutes
shinydolleyes,s4up1x,"I rotate between wash and go and either twist out or braid outs. Usually I have a wash day on a weekend day and one other sometime midweek. I shampoo, condition and then if I'm doing a wash and go, I apply my gels and either sit under the dryer or use my diffuser. If I'm doing a braid out or twist out, I do the same process, apply foam and braid/twist and then sit under the dryer. I leave them in overnight and then undo them in the morning. At night I just wear a bonnet or buff. Then In the morning, I fluff and go. I exercise regularly and don't have any problems maintaining my styles."
spectacularkay,s4up1x,"Women with 4c hair, how do you manage your hair with a day job?&&&I'm curious about what your routine is like (from when you wake up to when you go to bed). Please do share!&&&okay thanks for sharing!"
Lelemcgeegee,s4q6oo,Just wanted to say you look super cute and remind me of Maya Rudolph!
Light_Aegle,s4q6oo,I knew she reminded me of someone but couldn't remember who! Could pass as her daughter really
SleeplessKnights420,s4q6oo,"Great definition on the ends! My hair texture is certainly similar, and to define closer to the roots, I have tried a few methods. After I comb my hair in the shower I let it remain fairly wet but not dripping. Section my hair based on how saturated I want my curls. If you want more volume and separation but still cute curls popping at the ends similar to what you have separate in 4 chunks and finger comb product through.  But if you want it from root to end, keep the sections small, maybe about 8 parts. I use an oil and curl activator then use eco gel or flaxseed englogatung curl get and ensure it's saturated but not heavy. Begin scrunching and laying it in the direction you wish it to stay. Once done with all of your hair put some more oil and maybe a setting spray or hydrating spray and flip hair over then DIFFUSE like you've never diffused before and really separate and play with the curls it will give you a cute super curly fro. I suggest less movement on the hair if you want it to lay flatter. You look great as is by the way!"
chickwithmdd,s4q6oo,You’re cute
lou_lou_belle,s4q6oo,"I feel like I almost have my routine down… could still use a few pointers!&&&&&&I get that ALL the time!&&&I wet my hair and while totally drenched I apply Shea Moisture Raw Shea Butter Restorative Conditioner to two big sections, finger twist some pieces and pin up. When done, I apply Aunt Jackie’s Don’t Shrink hair gel to the sections and take through. After that I apply some argon oil to my ends. When done I use a hair dryer with diffuser attachment and on LOW heat I dry my hair until just damp. I don’t touch my hair at all with the blow dryer, I just use it to “freeze” my hair in place. Then I air dry the rest. 

I feel like this is the best my hair has ever looked, but I’m still dealing with some frizz near the top of my head and the texture isn’t consistent the entirety of my head. Does anyone have any tips on combating this? Even when I finger twist, the hair gets good definition the bottom 2/3 of the strand."
mochigoodness,s4q6oo,"Rather than doing your hair in sequential sections, do any entire section at once, starting with conditioner, then the gel, then the oil on the ends.  Then go do the next section, using a spray bottle to keep your hair wet.  

Then, shake your head, I don't use a diffuser so I can't make any suggestions there, my hair dries pretty fast & I live in dry climate.  

You and your hair are beautiful!

Is there a reason you're using conditioner as a leave in instead of a regular leave in?"
singingkiltmygrandma,s4q6oo,It looks good.
the_onri,s4q6oo,"I have a few questions for clarity, if that’s okay:

1) Do the described steps take place after you’ve shampooed your hair?

2) At which point do you detangle?

3) What tool do you use for the detangling process, if applicable?"
viethepious,s4q6oo,Healthy! Good stuff.
coco_ricco,s4l853,"Hey what specifically is your question?

How do you wear your hair under scarves? What is your hair routine? What products do you use?"
jujujamster,s4l853,"Help needed. More details in comments.&&&&&&So I used to get a press every month as I love the way it looks but I’ve slowed that way down as I need to take better care of my hair without heat, so I haven’t gotten it done in about 5 months and trying to focus on really understanding my non heat treated hair

Im terms of everything else-my stress if a roller coaster due to work, life and school snd Im trying to get a better handle at it. I’m going to continue inner work but really looking for some hair tips as I do feel and know I’m doing something wrong or just lack understanding. 

My mom kept my hair in braids until middle school and then in middle school, it was a hot mess as I used to get it permed snd after that, I started wearing scares at the age of 14, so I don’t really have any adult time where I “needed” my hair done. And if there were parties and things where I would show my hair, I would get it pressed or wear a half scarf type things which covers how crazy it looks. It’s kinda sad but life is a journey&&&This is NOT a picture of my hair but it is very similar to how it looks if it’s not pressed or freshly wet after being pressed. I wear a scarf in public, so Ive never had a big motivator to figure it out but I am tired of people not having my hair figured out. I don’t know what to do-I’ve been natural for over 10 years but it’s just chronically dry and I don’t really have a curl pattern, legit looks like this picture. Ever salon ive gone to, they have said something different, I trust one woman who said it’s a mixed pattern which May be apart of my issue but nothing has worked.

Any help is appreciated. 

(I decided to post here as well because I’m just discovering these threads and could really use the help)"
sqwzmahmeatybts,s4l853,"You’ve said you want help, but you haven’t specified what you need help with. Styling, growth, moisture, color, alopecia, line ups?

I have some general advice for you!

-How are your stress levels?
-Are you drinking enough water?
-Are you getting enough nutrients/vitamins in your diet?
-Do you wash your hair at least monthly when not in a protective style?
-Do you heat style?
-how often are you brushing/combing?

All of these can negatively impact the 
My fine hair “wasn’t healthy” for years and years, until I started taking better care of myself from the inside out and cut down on heat/manipulation.


Hope more people chime in, we’re pulling for you!"
EloquentElixir,s4kn6j,"Your hair type only changes when you're getting out the newborn phase (6 months I think). I forgot what the actual term is but I call it ""Newborn Perm"". So it won't be like what it was when you were a baby

And no, shaving it off does not change the pattern because the cuticles determine your curl shape"
spaceboyeddy,s4kn6j,"Quick question on past dealings&&&So as a kid, very young, I had an afro up until I turned about 3-4. From then on, the fro was repeatedly getting shaved off by my mother who didn't know how to take care of it/didn't want to learn (latino mother).

My only question and concern I have with this is the quality of my hair's curls and such. Is it possible to go back to how curly my hair use to be as a baby vs what it tends to be now? Every-time I try to grow the fro out, its such an awkward sort of curl pattern that has progressively gotten a lil better as time goes on, but it's nothing like what I seen in pictures or even remember as a kid being able to feel and touch. Sometimes wish my ma would've just let the shit grow how it grow and have someone figure it out or some shit man that shit was always something. Couldn't have been that bad lol.

What does shaving off a kid's afro hair routinely since young do to them hair wise, if anything at all? I think my curl pattern is about a 2b-3c earnestly."
AverageGardenTool,s4jmc1,"I live in a dry desert climate.

I had the best luck with Curl ID curl cream layered under DIY flaxseed gel with whatever shampoo and conditioner at the time.

Other times shampoo (normally Dr. Bronners Liquid soap) condition (discontinued), and then add jojoba oil in the day and castor oil (black or clear) at night. I shampoo every 3 days to a week when I do this."
Jahmikey,s4jmc1,"Any hair product recommendations for dry hot weather ?&&&Hey :)


I spent a great part of my summer last year in Arizona and will be moving their full time this year. AZ has dry heat rather than the humid hot weather that I am used to living on the east coast, the products I once used does not provide the amount of moisture that I need for AZ.

Does any one have any recommendations ? 

I have 3a-3b, medium density, hair that is average porosity.&&&Hi there, after some trial and error I found what helped my scalp is hot oil treatments. I saw on this sub, I believe, using distilled water to wash my hair worked to leave it hydrated. My home has hard water as with most homes here in AZ and we use a water softener. Apparently a water softener is great for your hair but not mine lol, it also leaves my skin very dry. 

So after discovering that, I cut a few inches of dead ends, started using the olaplex N5 as a deep conditioner. I use that once or twice a week.  Shampoo and conditioner is AG curl revive. Ouidad climate control heat detangling spray, ouidad curl quencher cream,  and ouidad mongongo oil."
popcornnhero,s4jmc1,"I was waiting to see some responses because I'm moving to Nevada soon and the air is dry as hell (grew up in the humid south)

I've been looking around and no so far no one as specified what products they used (they just talking about steps to keep hair moisturized)

I follow the LCO method 

I use shea moisture deep treatment mask and the protein treatment for color treated hair by hi-pro-pac (I alternatve between the two each week). I start with the shea moisure Jamaican Black Castor Oil Strengthen & Restore, then add the African Pride Curling Cream, and seal everything with Wild Growth Oil

Hopefully my hair will manage with this routine in this new climate."
Bear_Bones_mom,s4gfor,My daughter’s hair is exactly like this. What others have said is spot on but I wanted to add another product recommendation: honey baby knot my baby honey detangler. Nothing has detangled her hair faster
Dimple_Pie,s4gfor,Water
DorkyDame,s4gfor,Ummm please don’t be combining your hair dry to detangle. That’s the quickest way for it to break off. Our hair needs moisture when detangling so it’s best to do it while you’re washing your hair so that it’s well saturated & you’re not pulling out your hair. You can rake your fingers through or use a wide tooth comb. Start from the bottom & work your way up. Also if you prefer to wear your hair straighter you can blow dry it after your shower which will keep it detangled. If you don’t want to use heat do like 8 plats once you get out the shower & either air dry. It’ll stretch your hair & look like a blow out.
ItsStillMidnight,s4gfor,"How do I comb my hair if it's long but dry, tangled and matted (?)&&&How do I comb through my hair if it's long but dry, tangled and matted (?)

&#x200B;

I have given up on my hair and am considering chopping it all off.  But I see that it is actually long and healthy just needs to be taken care of.  I watch videos and feel dumb because I don't understand what they're doing. Any tips, steps, or advice? It'd be greatly appreciated. "
Kanibalxoxo,s4gfor,"What do you consider long? I know after a certain point depending on your hair type texture it can get difficult but can be done, how do you normally wear it?"
Numerous_Win_1123,s4gfor,Just use a product that gives slip. Don’t detangle on dry hair. Simple.
Omgmaps,s4gfor,Wash it get a sturdy comb or brush and start from your ends to the root. Or go to a professional. Or if you are tired of it a nice haircut might be more manageable.
Sam-0808,s4gfor,"What I’d do is get in the shower, use a ton of conditioner, section your hair into parts and work your way in each section for the tips slowly with your fingers then with a wide tooth comb. Water, conditioner and patience. 
Oh and sections!"
TuffTitti,s4gfor,"I swear by the tangle teezer (or tangle teezer dupes) and newest favorite detangler is warm water mixed with Jamaican Mango & Lime Braid Twist Remover! put the Jamaican Mango & Lime Braid Twist Remover on a section - wear a plastic cap for 15-30min so it can really penetrate the hair, then Go thru small sections with a tangle teezer!"
WhyStateTheObvious,s4gfor,Aunt Jackie's Knot on My Watch Instant Detangling Therapy. Also water and conditioner can help but the Aunt Jackie’s product is the best and it will help you **finger detangle** your hair first before using a tool to prevent unnecessary hair loss bc you will alway experience a lot of dead hair in the matter ends of your hair. Then I’d recommend getting a trim after to take care of any split ends you may have to prevent more damage to your hair.
byakuganKING,s4gfor,Maybe make a quick twist on the parts you have detangled
nonethelessnine,s4gfor,"I have the exact same problem. I have curly hair Its like when I detangle part of my hair it just gets tangled again when I move onto another part. What I learn is to use Water and leave-in conditioner.  First i part my hair in smaller selection, Use a spray bottle with water in it to damp my hair and I slowly detangle my hair using my fingers and then I take my wide tooth comb and start from the ends and make my way up to the roots. Any time I feel my hair getting dry again I just add more water. When I'm done I put the leave-in conditioner sometimes I add a little bit of oil to my scalp for moisture. Comb through my hair with the conditioner in it and to make sure its detangled then braid my hair up. So far that's what been working for me. Sometimes after I detangled a part of my hair I put it in twist to prevent it from getting tangled again when I'm detangling another section of hair 

I don't recommend to ever comb through your hair when it's dry it will cuase breakage and it just painful and make it harder to detangle. Always use water to moisturize your hair to make it easier to detangle and start to detangle with your fingers to help get the tangles out before taking your comb or detangle brush to your hair.

I hope this help!"
