index,id,comments
Nique_a_lodeon,tq0nke,"To those that aren’t the best at braiding but get the job done…&&&How…. 😐😐 

Im pretty decent but definitely not great, not even good. I can do my own knotless braids but within an hour of finishing it looks a frizzy mess. One night with or without a bonnet it looks like a month old style. And don’t let me itch it, 3 months.

I have THICC 4c hair, im good at layering them and making them flat, its just that frizz… How do you keep them looking neat? Or how do you get them to look neat in the first place lol."
Retrofete,tq0nke,"Practice, Patience, Prep
I’m a very slow braider and my braids slide often when I’m trying to start them. Letting the shine jam sit for a minute so it gets a bit more stiff has improved my braid grip a lot.
I also take breaks every now and then so that my fingers don’t cramp up. When they’re done I use an alcohol free mouse or wrap lotion and a nylon beauty supply scarf to get everything to set and leave it on for like 1/2-1 hour.
To sleep I use that scarf and a bonnet so my hair isn’t flopping around in bed and my braids have been lasting longer without getting frizzy since I started that. Idk if any if these things will help, but I hope you find some tips in here that do!"
bresuds,tq0nke,I put lots of jam on it to make sure it holds in place! Then mousse once I’ve finished.
xmermaid165,tq0nke,Lots of gel or wax
Funny_Breadfruit_413,tpyq5j,Use a heat protectant. You're not going to get heat damage from blow drying&&&This
MuffinPuff,tpyq5j,"After 5+ years of no-heat, I might start blow-drying my hair.&&&I've stuck by the rule of no-heat to avoid heat damage. I *like* my type 4 combo hair, and the only thing I've been afraid of in this natural hair journey is damaging my texture to the point where it won't revert.

But... I have a few valid reasons to take the leap into blow-drying:

1.I'm ready for a change. I've kept my hair in twists usually, with the occasional braid or cornrow. A braid-out or twist-out on rare occasions, but I mainly keep my hair stretched and bundled to limit tangling. Right now I have yarn braids, and while I love the look, now that I have a new job I'm not keen on how much time it takes me to style my hair, whether it's with added hair/yarn or with my own hair.

2.My scalp doesn't like being wet. I have very coarse thick hair (above average density and the strands are fairly thick too), and while my hair doesn't mind being moist for half a day or more, my scalp *hates* it. Blow-drying will be a relief for my scalp after all these years of head & shoulders and T-gel.

3.The new job may require me to be on camera regularly for meetings, and I'm **very** amateur when it comes to styling. Even when I had relaxed hair, I didn't style it; I pulled my hair back in a loose low bun and called it a day. I don't mind attempting to style my natural hair, but again, it takes a long time, and I may not have that abundant free time anymore. 

~~~

With that being said, here's the advise part - Have you all tried the [Revlon Paddle Brush Dryer](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71294eS9zJL._SX425_.jpg)? If so, how do you like it? It has really good reviews on amazon, but I wanna ask here too.&&&It's interesting how the answers so far favor combs, when I've never been a fan of them; I stopped using combs and comb attachments back when I was relaxed because my *relaxed* hair would break the teeth constantly. The last time I tried a comb on my natural hair, I didn't make it through 1 section of my hair before the teeth started breaking.

I love paddle brushes though, so I'm hoping this dryer continues the trend."
New_Independent_9221,tpyq5j,"i personally don’t think it’s high quality and would burn my hair. a blowdryer (fhi, ion, etc) with a comb attachment would be better. i have the revlon paddle brush, and it’s also not as effective as a comb attachment and blowdrying"
shinydolleyes,tpyq5j,"I have the Revlon Paddle Brush.  It's a pain in the ass.  It isn't built for really thick hair.  It doesn't burn my hair or anything, but it takes longer to blow dry my hair than a regular dryer with a comb attachment.  I only use it when I don't need it to be fully dry or fully straight.  My regular dryer with a comb attachment does a more thorough job much faster."
_cherryDocs,tpy5h2,"knotless braids and swimming?&&&Planning on getting smedium sized knotless braids (about 18 inches) for a 9 day vacation that involves snorkeling, pool activities, and hiking. 

I'd love to hear your experience with swimming / washing knotless braids. 


did it become frizzy at the roots? Did strands start to get caught on each other? Any issues with it being hard to dry?"
sweetnfruity,tpy5h2,Went to the Caribbean with my butt length knotless braids and swam in the sea and pool everyday. I had them in for 8 weeks. I cleansed and moisturised in that time too. No regrets.
ExtentSubstantial336,tpwz3b,Absolutely stunning
IcyGyal,tpwz3b,Stunning :)
Krustykrabpizza_0,tpwz3b,Fresh twist outs :)))&&&&&&Thank you <3&&&Omg 😭😭
Positive_Yanna,tpwz3b,Beautiful
jennawhat,tpwz3b,Girrrrl… you slay! Absolutely stunning!
neocityzen,tpwz3b,you’re so pretty 😖- love your hair
ofcourse991,tpwz3b,Your camera roll at the bottom of the screen is very interesting!!
Leelee_a100,tpuej0,If you guys are looking to grow your hair longer check out my video!&&&
JollyRanchers1949,tpu2l6,I don't have a product recommendation but honestly based on the ingredients it probably would be pretty easy to just make yourself.
Levelupworld,tpu2l6,"Thick Butter or ""Moisturizer"" Similar to Alikay SheaYogurt?&&&Anyone know of a butter or another hair moisturizer that is similar in consistency to the Alikay Naturals SheaYogurt? I LOVE that product but want to also be able to switch up my products. I found that my hair loves a thicker butter on top of my leave-in before gel when doing a wash-and-go. Would love to know if there are other products out there that have a similar consistency to this one. Thanks!"
2oatmeal_cookies,tpnc7n,"One day.

Edit: i have normal porosity, 4c hair and whenever I’ve gotten a silk press, my hair swells within 24 hours. It’s humid where I live."
Funny_Breadfruit_413,tpnc7n,"You should  be able to keep it until your  next wash day providing you never get it wet and I mean never. You know those hooded rain bonnets older women wea?, I would invest in one of those and keep it in your car, bag or pocket. They cost less than 5 bucks but they come in handy. Wrap your hair at night and tie it with a scarf. Use a shower cap while bathing and don't remove your scarf until you are dry from the shower. If your scalp sweats at night this could be your biggest obstacle. If you must blow out you roots on the cool setting.
I'm rocking a blowout now and my favorite  trick is after a few days I box braid just the roots (about an inch) and leave the rest of the hair loose. I do this because it keeps my roots neat and I can style my hair easily  without the worry of reversion. I just put my hair in two cornbraids at night and tie it with a scarf."
chynadhall95,tpnc7n,I live in Florida so I feel your pain. But if I'm really good about wrapping my hair when I feel like it might come into contact with some water I can stretch it out for like a week and a couple of days. And I'm 4a/b for reference
moreofnore,tpnc7n,"How long would I be able to keep a silk press?&&&Okay so some context, I live in a relatively humid city in Canada meaning that it's not insanely humid but it rains about 3 days a week. I've never gotten a silk press before and I'm thinking of getting one soon. How long do you think I would be able to keep a silk press if I prevent my hair from coming into contact with the rain/mist by wearing a hood/ rain jacket whenever I'm outside? This might be a bit of a ridiculous question but I've never gotten a silk press before and I would like to hear some people's experiences so any answer is appreciated :)"
ontariodwarf,tpnc7n,"I recently wore my silk press in extreme fog/mist for 3 days and I kept it under a regular ol beanie and it stayed straight! Other commenters have left some good advice, too - keep your hair in a shower cap when you shower (I also put on a headband to protect my edges), protect it fully when outside (beanie, shower cap, bonnet, etc, avoid getting sweaty, wrap/protect it at night"
Immediate-Nobody-865,tp7kub,Gorgeous and glowing!! 😍✨
Lost-Age8834,tp7kub,Pretty face and hair
LoveInPeace21,tp7kub,Love it! 😍 Are you wearing blush? What is the name/brand? It’s the perfect color.
MeetTheBrewers,tp7kub,"Can’t go wrong with a flexi rod set on 4c hair, so much shine and volume. I had to post because it’s one of the best hair days I’ve had in a long time. 🙌&&&&&& Routine Products:

Blow dry and straighten with Dyson Airwrap and Corrale. 

Leave in Olaplex #6 & 7, Gibson Homey infused hair oil.

Heat protectant: Chi Silk Infusion & living proof 

Flexi rod set with no styling product, leave in over night and take down the next day. Set with  tresemmé hair spray.&&&Routine Products:

Blow dry and straighten with Dyson Airwrap and Corrale. 

Leave in Olaplex #6 & 7, Gibson Homey infused hair oil.

Heat protectant: Chi Silk Infusion & living proof 

Flexi rod set with no styling product, leave in over night and take down the next day. Set with  tresemmé hair spray."
New_Independent_9221,tp7kub,even your reddit icons are similar!&&&how straight did your hair get with the Corrale? ive heard mixed reviews on type 4 hair
SomewhatCharmedLife,tp7kub,Right?  Even the makeup is on point!
Spiritual-Gas-2504,tp7kub,You are my doppelganger!!! Oh my word so weird.
alexvalpeter,tp7kub,"Gorgeous hair, beautiful smile!"
heelsarecasualwear,tp7kub,WOW. So gorgeous and classic I can’t help it I’m so soft to styles like this. Vintage beauty will forever be the most appealing in my eyes >>
leekykeeks,tp7kub,Flexi rods changed my life. They suck to sleep in though. Also I was just looking up hair sprays to use bc I’ve never used hairspray and I see your comment. Life is funny.
roodaqua0,tp7kub,*sigh* we have yet another classically beautiful sight to see
sugarkitten_,tp7kub,Precious!!!
_queen_bee01_,tp7fu0,"Are wrap-around ponytails easy to put on/take off?&&&I was planning on getting a wrap-around ponytail with the intention of taking it off at the end of the day every day, but someone I know said that it doesn’t work like that and it takes some effort to get the ponytail on. Is this true?"
Funny_Breadfruit_413,tp51p2,Do you have blunt cut on you natural hair or are you adding  braiding hair?
atira7,tp51p2,"Anyone have advice for learning to tuck ends better when doing box braids?&&&&&&I use Shine n Jam. I might not be using enough?&&&This is only day 4 😩 Every time I do box braids my ends stick out IMMEDIATELY. Usually I’m braiding much smaller but decided to go large this time. I’m sleeping with a satin scarf (on a silk pillowcase) and haven’t done any high-exertion activities since installing these&&&Both; I big chopped to a TWA last year and haven’t done a curl cut since then, so it’s pretty blunt. I add hair as mine is “ending” in the braid to try and maintain thickness, but it doesn’t seem to be helping the ends situation"
bishkitts,tp51p2,Have you tried Braid Gel or Let's Jam ?
flirtandflutter,tp42hj,"It's all about finding a balance that works for you - some people need protein once a week, others can do once every couple of months. Rice water will definitely deliver the protein, but it has no moisturizing ingredients to offset the effects of protein so can feel drying. If you're truly already prone to protein sensitivity, I would try something more moisturizing so the protein isn't too much (at least for on-going). I recommend Mielle Organics Babusso and Mint  protein treatment, it's really well balanced IMO."
infinityonhigh69,tp42hj,"i do a protein treatment deep conditioner once every month (for me that translates to 1 out of every4 washes) and leave it in for 15-20 mins then follow up with my regular conditioner and deep conditioner! 

i too used to do tea treatments (not unlike the rice water methods) for protein and it was actually making my hair very dry and brittle but i didn’t realize until i was doing them for 2 years :/ it’s been 4 years since i stopped and i can definitely tell the improvement in my hair since then! i’ve also noticed my hair texture changing again and pieces that had never curled up before are curling up very nicely now 🥰"
v3straa,tp42hj,"It greatly depends on your hair porosity. I’m high porosity and I do one roughly every 1-2 months, but I never go more than 2 months. Normal i would say 3-4 and low maybe 4-6, but that’s just a guesstimate. Everyone’s hair is different. For a protein treatment I just take 1 egg and 2 spoonfuls of mayo and mix it together. It doesn’t smell the best but it works wonders for my hair without being harsh, which is a problem I’ve had with other protein treatments. The best part is I know exactly what is going into my hair."
yoserena_,tp42hj,"Best options for mitigating protein overload/hygral fatigue.&&&I noticed in the past 6-7 months that my hair doesn’t curl the way it used to. I have Type 3a-3c hair that has progressively gotten looser. 3 years ago I stopped using products that had protein in it. 

I know, bad but at that time I thought protein products were making my hair very dry. Since then I’ve sparingly used protein but I notice now that my hair is basically 2a-2b in some areas and very mushy, limp and no matter what looks weighed down unless I don’t use product. 

I now know that you need a balance of both. So I’m wondering, what protein treatments would work best with fixing this issue. 

I’ve read that aphogee 2 step corrector is great but I was wondering if rice water would help? 

What should be my first steps to fix this problem? 


Thank you 💕💕&&&Thank you!!!!&&&What kind of protein treatment do you use ? Do you clarify before doing the treatment ?"
Funny_Breadfruit_413,tp3nac,If you're moisturizing before the roller set you should be fine for the week. You can use a oil moisturizing spray but thats optional.
QuirkyViper26,tp3nac,"Moisturizing a roller set?&&&Hey, beautiful people! 
I'm about to do a perm rod set tonight and realized that I don't know how I'd moisturize throughout the week without it reverting, so I could use some advice! Info about my hair below:

I'm going to be using mousse to set my perm rods (after deep conditioner and leave in), and I'm most likely going to let it air dry this evening and overnight. 

Because I'm low porosity, my moisturizers are mostly water based. But if I spray a water-based moisturizer on a dry rod set, won't it revert? I'm even a little worried about creams for that reason. So how do y'all do it?



My Hair Info:
I'm pretty sure I have low porosity hair (it takes forever to absorb water on MOST of my head; but I'm one of those that has every possible kind of hair type across my head. Like 3c in the kitchen, 4 b/c in the middle and just barely waves in the front bang area. I haven't used heat (except a blow dryer 2x before braids) since the pandemic, so like, 2 years. Also, I have a LOT of fine hair (so high density but thin actual strands).


Thanks!&&&Oh really? That's a relief, and I just dug through my hair bin and found an olive oil leave in spray, so maybe light spritzes will work if my hair is feeling dry. Thank you!"
arincer,tp2gct,tgin daily butter creme
janaikauai,tp2gct,"Alternative to Shea Moisture's Loc and Braid Butter?&&&I know they've discontinued it, has anyone found a replacement for this gem?"
Basicwinemom,tozvbs,"Doing the big chop in 2 days, any advice??&&&Hey all. I’ve been relaxer free for a few months now, did express keratin treatments for a bit but recently decided to go natural. I had a crochet hairstyle in, but when I took it down my hair was a mess. The point of demarcation between my relaxed hair and natural hair was so weak that lots of the hair just broke off, and the relaxed hair left behind became a matted/tangled mess when I washed it. 
So now I’m over it and I’m going to do the big chop in two days. 

I have never had natural hair (relaxers since first grade) and never had hair shorter than chin length. I know my hair needs this but I have no clue how to adjust to the styling changes and even the mental changes. It sounds awful but I don’t want to feel depressed over this. Anyone have good advice? Products/styling tips/adjustment advice? I think my hair is 4a if that helps."
primaltriad77,tozvbs,"When I did the big chop, I had had relaxed hair for 30 yrs and I had had at least shoulder length hair for nearly my whole life. The last time I had a mini afro, I was a toddler. It was a *huge* change. I cut it at the beginning of a vacation period so I had a few days to myself to get used to it. Feeling the hair on my scalp felt amazing! And I found it very freeing. I spent a lot less time getting ready in the morning because I wasn't wrestling with my hair to try to make it look good. Also, a few people said the short hair made me look younger (I'm in my 40s so I was happy with that :)).

Ultimately, I found that the big chop caused a ripple effect in my life. That quote from Coco Chanel ""a woman who changes her hair is a woman about to change her life"" rang true. Doing the big chop gave me courage to switch up some things in my life. I made more of an effort to keep things fresh and to keep growing as a person instead of doing the same ole same ole.

Good luck with your big chop! I think if you embrace it, it will lead to good things! Also, Sanaa Lathan did a movie a few years ago, Nappily Ever After, about a woman who does the big chop. It's on Netflix. It might help you to watch it."
ASAP4TACOS,tovuy5,"I don’t do this often, because I don’t straighten my hair often, but I spray dove antiperspirant on my head like dry shampoo. It stops me from sweating. The longest I kept one press out was 3 weeks!!"
MelSaf02,tovuy5,"Keeping natural straight while working out&&&Hi! I’m looking for some tips on how to keep my flat ironed hair straight while working out. What do you do?&&&This girl just said that it’s not possible, but I feel it’s not true.&&&What do you mean it’s not possible"
New_Independent_9221,tovuy5,…this is genius but also scary haha. is this safe?
Violet_thepilot,tovuy5,Gurl it isn’t possible unless you don’t sweat from your head
bishkitts,tovuy5,"shine serum keeps my hair from reverting in a humid environment, but I prefer sweat to be washed off. sweat is really damaging to the hair and scalp, so i only do yoga or weights when my hair is straightened."
t3xascurlllz,tovuy5,Wrap it up like I’m going to bed and put on a hat the key is to not take it down until your scalp is DRY
Lovelyprofesora,tou1sm,Love it! What products do you use?
allgdnamesrchosen,tou1sm,"5 day old twist-out 😌&&&&&&Thank you so much 🤗&&&Thank you!! I’m scared to dye myself also lol! I let a salon do it and just do lots of deep conditions/leave ins etc at home so it doesn’t dry out and break ☺️&&&Thank you.. I alternate between two sets of products if it’s regular wash week or co-wash week.. this was a co-wash week I washed with “The Doux One Love co-wash” then did “Design Essentials Almond & Avocado Wash Day Deep Moisture Masque”, always use “Mielle Rosemary drops” before twisting out with “Shea Moisture Curl Stretch Pudding”. 

Regular wash stuff, Mielle shampoo (burgundy-ish bottle), Mielle conditioner (teal-ish bottle), same drops and twist out with Mielle twisting soufflé."
infinityonhigh69,tou1sm,love your color! i’m too scared to dye my own hair so i’ll live vicariously through everyone else 🥰
penelopepusskat,tou1sm,This is so cute! Love the color and the style 😍
AshlandSouth,tos2mh,Still pretty. I didn't know Dyson made hair stuff.
LuLu2cool34,tos2mh,Natural hair struggles! 😉 still very pretty and healthy!
MeetTheBrewers,tos2mh,"Dyson airwrap is just not for my hair type. I like the other attachments for a blow out, but the curls do not hold. 👎😭&&&&&&Thank you! 🥰&&&No I straightened my hair beforehand and didn’t want to add any additional product that would cause my hair to revert. I’ve tried it on blown out hair and the results are even worse, if you have a tight curl pattern you definitely need to straighten your hair beforehand."
Micki-Micki,tos2mh,Have you tried smaller sections?
Wrong_Lab_3073,tos2mh,Did you use a mousse with it?
AverageGardenTool,tokfdf,"Hey, I found some straight and wavy hair hats. Lots of styles, many non-appropriating and can protect your hair during this time. (satin lined!>
https://thelazyhat.com/"
Sad-Chest-6401,tokfdf,"Mixed hair, was never taught how to care for it and always had it relaxed+”fixed” with heat, what do I use?&&&   So I have mixed hair and was never taught how to care for it as the woman in my family had different hair. About a year or two ago I had transitioned into trying to go completely natural and heat free, got a bunch of products and was doing good, but one of the woman in my family put hair thinning solution in my products and my hair started falling out terribly, 
     since then I’m no longer in that situation but I feel like my scalp has not recovered and my hair falls off very easily and has thinned a lot, My hair was so thick and now I have 1/5 of the hair I had.     

Products made for white hair do not work at all and make it feel off, but now that my hair is so thin it resembles Caucasian hair more and textured hair products weight it down, in my heart I know I just have to wait for the hair to grow back and maybe tie it up.what are some good techniques to use and products to help my scalp and remaining hair?

BTW ( I look very white passing so i choose to not wear protective styles as I feel it can seem offensive)&&&Hi sorry, I don’t really know what it would fall under, that just always what my family told me it was, still learning.&&&Thank you! It makes a lot of sense I actually tried mint and it didn’t react well to my scalp, I’m gonna set an appointment later on when I have a bit more money and will cover it more :)&&&Yeaaa it was a very palm colored family.. my hair started making me look more “Colored” soo yeaaa I got a loottt worst stories lol"
Shannonball513,tokfdf,"If your scalp hasn't recovered I think you should start with a doctor's appointment. Your skin is a major organ and you deserve to know it's healthy. 

When you're clear to use hair products, i think your hair and scalp need some gentleness. Use a light carrier oil on your scalp after washing. Growth oils with stimulating ingredients like rosemary or mint can end up irritating you. use lots of leave in conditioner, and comb through gently. Cover your hair in satin as often as you can."
stealthpursesnatch,tokfdf,"Go back to the part about a relative putting what I think you meant to call “a hair remover” in your hair products. 

What???????????"
whoglows,tokfdf,"Just a PSA

Mixed ppl have a range of hair textures. “Mixed hair”is not a thing."
