index,id,comments
FeelNiceLive,sbduag,"Hi All. I'm 26/M growing out my hair. Currently on Month 9. Just wondering what your thoughts are, and if you have any advice/tips. Current issue, is waking up in the morning with greasy hair. Feeling like I always need to shampoo. This is me in the video.&&&"
Suspicious_Depth_623,sbdtmx,"maybe wigs are another option for you, but don’t neglect your hair underneath especially if you have scalp issues"
gigi116,sbdtmx,"I think a wig made or styled for you is a great option.
I literally tell people that braid my hair that I don't need them to catch every little hair. I won't leave a bad review that they didn't braid tight enough. And I kindly inform them ahead of time that if my braid is too tight after they let go,  that I will ask them to redo it. I refuse going through the pain and uncomfortable days and nights waiting for it to loosen up. Plus, I'm lucky I didn't get damaged hair follicles or something. I'm not playing that game anymore."
go-CC-go,sbdtmx,There are stylists that can braid without pulling your brain out.  Sometimes I'd recommend taking a painkiller an hour before your appt.
jojo571,sbdtmx,You can have a wig made.  Or try crochet braids instead of individuals.
sisyphus753,sbdtmx,"I feel you! I used to take ibuprofen before braiding appointments and I’d still cry after, and not be able to sleep at night. Crochet styles might be better - in my experience, they take half the time to install, and after the initial parting for cornrows, they are not nearly as painful as single braids."
sweetlilbookworm,sbdtmx,Check out mini twist they are so beautiful and look great with hair jewelry or beads etc. And they can be done on natural hair or with extensions.
wtfisupwithlife,sbdtmx,"Getting braids is literally torture.&&&i’m so tender-headed and every time someone braids my hair, i’ll be in the seat shaking and trembling and crying. And my scalp gets dry so easily that i have to take out the braids in like a week. what are some other go to hairstyles that i can get at the salon where i don’t have to do my hair for a while?"
Internal-Ad61,sb82ta,Looks like 3C/4A to me!! I’ve heard a lot of people say curl type doesn’t matter but I always want to know mine too lol!! Love your curls
Kitchen-Wheel-2185,sb82ta,pretty hair ☹️❤️
Legal-Yvie,sb82ta,Do you mean as in 3c? Or if your low porosity? I don’t fully understand your question?
Pantherkatz82,sb82ta,"Can someone please tell me what type of hair I have by these pictures? Do I need to see a professional? I've been doing my own hair for decades.&&&&&&Thank you!&&&Yes. That's what I mean. I see people describing their hair as 4a or 3d, I don't know. I've never understood what category I fell into and how that should affect my hair care. So, would you say I'm 3c?&&&Thank you. ❤️&&&Thank you! ❤️I've been trying to moisturize my hair more consistently and I see products that are geared towards specific hair types. It just got me thinking that I'd never looked into it before. 🤷🏾‍♀️"
SmallFrie9108,sb82ta,Beautiful.
Upset_Paramedic7840,sb82ta,those curls are immaculate
j1a1n1,sb82ta,Thick beautiful curly hair!
Babeyonce,sb7pn3,Bless you for this!!! The edges battle/expectations stresses me out.
CallHerOshun,sb7pn3,yes ma’am those coils. i miss my brown tips 🤦🏿‍♀️
Embarrassed-Menu9450,sb7pn3,What’s ur hair routine
Internal-Ad61,sb7pn3,You go!! I always wish I could rock short hair this well. Your coils are beautiful!
Legal-Yvie,sb7pn3,Was your hair damaged because of the bleach?
_charliezena,sb7pn3,Congratulations!
amariwashere,sb7pn3,"my big chop journey has begun&&&&&&yes! it was breaking off and really stringy ( i was stressed with school and not taking the best care with it either)&&&you are so right ❤️&&&thank you 🥺❤️&&&i wash it once or twice a month, i use two different shampoos, a cleansing one and then a moisturizing one, i mix a deep conditioner with bentonite clay,acv and flaxseed oil, oil my scalp and let that sit for an hour after heating with a blow drying cap  , i rinse that out with cool/warm water, i use a t shirt to dry it a little, spray with this castor oil water by As i Am, use crème of nature mango and shea butter leave in, put on blue magic mixed with sheabutter on my strands and the rub castor oil on my ends 

(this is my new winter/cool weather routine to maximize moisture while i wear protective styles and wigs so i dont have to wash it as often, 
i was washing it weekly before and the manipulation was too much)"
amourpetrichor,sb7pn3,"Looks great, congratulations on taking the plunge!

I would take it easy on the edges and slicking it down too much. Just letting our hair look the way it looks growing out of our heads is okay even though society says it’s not. Hair needs a break like everything else. It’s good to let it be/breathe.

Wishing you a beautiful hair care journey!!"
Daillestandrealist,sb7cnr,"What’s been working for me the past 2 years (I’ve been natural 6 years total) is having a consistent weekly wash day routine, quarterly trims, and drinking lots of water and omega 3 (fish oil) vitamins daily, and iron supplements every few days (I’m anemic).

Good luck and enjoy every bit of progress you make! When you feel like your having a good hair day acknowledge it and soon you’ll feel more happy with your hair everyday instead of some days."
Suspicious_Depth_623,sb7cnr,"grow comes from the inside and your growth rate is largely just genetics. Taking care of yourself - managing stress, eating well, exercising, staying hydrated are all ways to make sure your hair grows at its max rate. 

For length retention, focus on cleansing and conditioning regularly (at least every 7-10 days) with quality shampoo and conditioner. Use water-soluble styling products to allow moisture to get into your strands. Don’t load your hair with heavy butters or oils, because that creates a barrier on the hair shaft. Also, remember to get trims at least every few months, if not more often. Be consistent with your regimen and growth will follow"
anxiousmush,sb7cnr,"Tips on Growing out my Natural Hair&&&Hey peeps!

My hair is 4a/4b, and shoulder blade length when stretched. I've been natural bout 2 years now, with this year getting ready to be my 3rd. During those two years, I was learning how to take care of my newly natural hair, since prior to going natural I had relaxed hair and was transitioning. I made alot of mistakes and stuff, and tried lots of new things. But now, I'm planning on taking this year and trying to grow my hair and retain length. I've had problems with both during the last two years, and so this year I'm hoping to do better in keeping my hair healthy. I wanted to know if yall had any tips or things yall use to help retain length and grow out hair. The main thing I'm worried about is retaining length, as that's crucial. But growth tips are welcome too!

So if y'all don't mind, do y'all have any hair growth tips and length retaining tips? And what stuff do y'all use to help with growth and length retention?"
ontariodwarf,sb7cnr,"Some things that I think have helped me and that some other commenters have already mentioned are shampooing frequently (at least once a week, usually twice), detangling very gently and only with lots of product and water (I use the Felicia Leatherwood brush right now but I did finger detangling or Tangle Teezer before that), exfoliating my scalp, clarifying  once to twice per month, keeping my hair stretched, trying not to manipulate too much except for detangling, trimming at least every 6 months and I know that’s a lot for some people but when I’m doing good I’ll do every 3 months, and incorporate protein treatments to tide me over. I also use protein regularly (in my leave in, shampoo, conditioner every other wash or maybe every third wash), I pre-poo with Olaplex or Curlsmith most washes and I use semi-permanent hair dyes. I use protein because I also use heat sometimes and I like the way it makes my hair feel but I don’t think it’s for everyone, and the dyes are usually pretty conditioning and make my hair look and feel smoother but also not for everyone.

I cut my a lot off about 7 months ago and my hair looked so bad! But now, it looks so much longer and so much healthier and that’s around the time I started incorporating these. In general, I also quit doing the most - I try to just shampoo, condition, and style on wash day twice per week but sometimes I’ll incorporate those scalp scrubs, dyes, and protein treatments. I think doing less and letting your hair be is helpful"
sqwzmahmeatybts,sb7cnr,"Keeping my hair stretched, oiling the ends of my hair as well as taking good care of myself from the inside changed everything for me. 

I’m really excited for you to continue into your health hair journey!"
stealthpursesnatch,sb7cnr,"I’ve been natural for almost 10 years. I only started seeing length retention about two years ago when I started on a sort of regimen of shampooing weekly, wearing wash and goes, plus flat-ironing and trimming/dusting the ends quarterly. I flat iron on 400 degrees with three passes through the roots, one through the length. I’m still shooting for waist length hair at the age of 53, no matter how ridiculous it will look. I just want to say I did it. It covers my shoulder blades right now. 

Of course, some people can grow their hair without trims, no conditioning or stretching, only co-washing or going months without shampoo. But I think that number is small. A lot of us have been disappointed following advice from YouTubers. Most of us need a clean scalp, lots of water and a little attention to our ends to help us retain length."
EloquentElixir,sb6ina,The revolutionary technique of taking your God d*mn time!&&&[removed]
Legal-Yvie,sb6ib5,I just use water and blue magic
MissD34,sb6ib5,Uncle Funky’s Daughter Curly Magic and Wetline are personal favorites.
Suspicious_Depth_623,sb6ib5,uncle funky’s daughter +/- innersense I Create Hold if your strands are more coarse
black-kween23,sb6ib5,What products to use for a wash and go?&&&Wanted to try out a wash and go but haven't done it since I've been natural. What kind of products do I use for my type 4 hair?
Suspicious_Depth_623,sb3d4s,this is so cute!! I love how romantic the curls look. If it got frizzy quickly you may want to try use an anti humidity spray. And definitely don’t air dry so it sets well
stfudj,sb3d4s,"Wanted to try something new&&&&&&Trying this again!

I’ve been wearing my hair in ponytails and pigtails for months and I wanted to do/try something different! I  used some Conair lock n roll rods I got from he thrift store for $5. It got frizzy almost immediately but I think I’ll try this again with wet hair. 

Thought? Tips? Critiques?&&&Thank you! Thats what i was going for!

I  used an anti frizz serum when i was separating the curls but i think my biggest offense was doing this in my humid bathroom. 😩"
CallHerOshun,sb172f,"just cut it babes, there’s nothing wrong with starting fresh. it’s very frustrating i know, but its better to deal with healthy hair than trying to revive damaged broken hair. it won’t take as long as you think. 💕"
Legal-Yvie,sb172f,"Oh my you got a silk press and didn’t expect any damage? I’ve straightened my hair at home with just my hair dryer on a low setting about 4 times a year. I don’t even need to use hair straightener, but everyone’s hair is different. I also put an Olaplex treatment on my hair before blowing it to give it extra protection. 

If your hair is damaged let it go and learn from your experience. Don’t let a bad experience put you off going to a different hair stylist in the future. Going forward you know not to get a silk press without extra protection"
NotWinterbutCold,sb172f,It looks bad but dont give up hope. My Hair usually look like the right after a silk press but after a good deep conditioner it bounces back. Give it some time. I get silk presses 4-6 times a year.
PunkGF,sb172f,"I’m so sorry that happened to you. Unfortunately you’re going to need to cut that. Olaplex and Aphogee help as bond builders but they will not repair heat damage. It is unfortunate she used such a high heat for your silk press, definitely not necessary."
Suspicious_Depth_623,sb172f,I’m so sorry you’re having to deal with this 🥺 Try an aphogee treatment or olaplex no 3 and see if that helps. But it might be irreversible damage that you’ll just have to cut off when you’re ready
coffee-cactus,sb172f,"Trusted some else with my hair for the first time in 5-6 years and think they damaged my hair. I don’t know what to do and this is breaking my heart.&&&&&&I think I’ll try olaplaex, but might face my fear and cut it short. ;-; I wanted to cut it because I wanted to not because something bad happened.&&&That’s what I’m thinking, too. I’ve just never had really short hair and scared I’ll look like a little boy.&&&I’ve been trying that for the last month though :(&&&I needed a cut and wanted to get a silk press because I hadn’t seen my hair straight in years. I had not let anyone touch my hair prior and never used heat. When I went back to NYC went and got it done and it wasn’t cheap either. Everyone at the salon complimented me on how long and thick and beautiful my hair was and I was happy when it came out. However, when I was ready to wash it didn’t revert. I deep conditioned and it felt stringy and had no volume and I basically had a breakdown. I called them freaking out because my hair looked nothing like how it did before. She said to steam it and give it time and I have for over a month, but my hair still feels and looks nothing like it used to. I don’t know what do and it’s killing me because I’ve been taking care of my hair for years on my own just for someone to damage it when I trusted them and told them how cautious I was. Seeing stringy pieces and my hair not bouncing and coiling  like it used to breaks my heart. I don’t know if there is anything else I can do or it’s just damaged. I considering just cutting it short and starting over, but I took so long to get it basically chest length after a cut. Any advice?&&&I figured as much. I was trying to give it time and hopefully nurse it back, but I don’t think there is much saving it.&&&I’m sorry :( I’m glad you like your new hair though! I’m not sure about cutting just the straight pieces because I’m some parts there is only about an inch or two that isn’t horribly damaged.&&&I didn’t expect this level of damage. I’ve never had heat damage before. Not to the point where in some parts there’s only a couple of inches of my hair that still curls. 

I did get a protein treatment before hand as well."
gellybaby94,sb172f,"Same thing happened to me, honestly I would just cut it, took me 3 years to get it back and I basically lost all that length. Silk presses don’t work for everyone, you’ll have to get one being okay with the texture change"
hippeemom,sb172f,The same thing just happened to me :( I had to cut it after trying everything to bring back the curls. I love my new shorter hair though! Just cut the straight pieces off. I learned my lesson and will continue taking care of my own hair.
stealthpursesnatch,sb172f,Don’t cut it if you don’t want to. Just let the straight ends grow out and trim as needed.
Blaque-Cat,sazptw,"You shouldn’t leave the twists in for longer than two weeks anyway. You need to wash your hair on a consistent basis, ideally every 7-10 days. Going past that time gives your hair the opportunity to get very tangled, mat, and lock up. There’s a bunch of dirt, oils, old product, and shed hair on your head that needs to be removed weekly by shampooing, conditioning, and detangling. So if you don’t want locs, wash and reinstall those twists every 10 days."
CommonSenseNotSo,sazptw,"My Twists Are Starting To Loc?!&&&Natural ladies and gentleman, how long do you generally wear free twists? I've been natural for many years, and now I'm starting to wear more protective styles just due to lack of time and lack of ideas and not wanting to cut my hair like I normally do at this point lol.. I love wearing my hair in twists, but I'm finding that if I wear my hair in twists for more than 2 weeks, my hair begins to loc. How long do you generally wear twists in your hair before your hair starts to loc? I would love to keep twists in for a month, but I don't see that being a possibility for my hair type since it's extremely coily and likes to knot every chance it gets.&&&Sure, I understand the importance of washing my hair. The longer my hair gets, the longer I let It Go without a wash. When it's short, I washed it about once a week, but when it gets longer, I don't let it go 3 weeks without a wash. I've been natural for many years and don't really have an issue growing it out; I was just asking about the lock situation because that surprised me! I can't believe my hair wants to loc itself up after only two weeks lol&&&Thanks!"
StringBean_GreenBean,sazptw,"You probably have type four hair. It takes a lot less time for those with tighter curl patterns to have their hair start to lock vs someone with a looser curl. You should definitely not wear twist for longer than 2 weeks max, and when you take them down to redo them make sure to detangle every time. 

Also try switching up your styles. If you do the same thing over and over again eventually you'll train your hair. In this case, that's not a good thing since you're trying to keep your hair from locing up."
Blaque-Cat,saygc3,"The general rule of thumb is every 4-6 weeks. How often you clarify depends on the types of products you use, how often you shampoo, and your lifestyle. If you use heavy creams, butters, oils, greases, etc., then you should clarify monthly. If you use mostly water based products that are also water soluble, then you could stretch it out to every 5 or 6 weeks. This is all advice for people that shampoo regularly (once every 7-10 days), so if you shampoo less frequently than that, try to incorporate more regular cleansing after your first time using clarifying shampoo. That will make a noticeable difference in your hair to start. 

Do not use clarifying shampoo with every wash as this can over-cleanse the hair and leave the cuticles raised for longer than necessary, leading to dryness, brittle hair, and breakage. There is a spectrum of shampoos, and all purpose or moisturizing shampoos are meant to be used regularly. If your hair feels more dirty than usual, use an all purpose shampoo. If it’s the normal amount of dirty, use a moisturizing shampoo. 

Clarifying shampoo must be followed up with moisturizing shampoo, so please don’t clarify without the moisturizing shampoo afterwards. The moisturizing shampoo will bring your hair’s pH back to normal levels after using clarifying shampoo. Then your conditioner (if well-formulated) will close your raised cuticles and seal water in."
HousePlantPappi,saygc3,"For me it depends. I work out pretty heavily, 5-6 times a week. I use a clarifying shampoo every time I wash so once a week.  Before I started working out I would alternate so every two weeks. I would decide based on how my curls would come out. If they were limp, tangled, and not curling “right” I knew I need to clarify."
Latii_LT,saygc3,"I think it depends, my hair gets product build up very easily, plus I work out and am extremely active so lots of sweat everyday. Regular shampoo has never worked for me regardless if it is silicone free or not. My hair repels water like an otters coat until I cleanse it. I clarify every time I wash which is usually every week to week and half. Been doing it for 9-10 months and haven’t seen any problems with my hair personally but that result isn’t true for everyone. Some people can go months without clarifying and benefit from it. I am not one of those people."
allthediagnoses,saygc3,"how often can I use clarifying shampoo?&&&I've been natural most of my life, but I've only been growing my hair out for about 4 years. The only problem is that ever since it passed TWA length a couple years ago, I've constantly been disappointed by how impossible my hair is to detangle, not to mention how bad my twists look -- fuzzy, lumpy, not shiny, etc. So I took some advice from this sub yesterday, and *finally* used some clarifying shampoo. 

Y'all. It was like magic.

I detangled in 30 minutes (not 4 hours like usual), my hair is smooth, and my twists are shiny and juicy like I never believed was possible for my 4C hair. Obviously, I want to use it again ~~immediately~~ next week, but I know that I can't. How long do I have to wait before I can use the clarifying shampoo again?"
jclassic100,saygc3,"It really depends.. but I think rule of thumb u should clarify at least once a month.&&&This. If you workout a lot the need to clarify becomes greater due to grime and salt accumulation on the scalp. 5-6x a week? Damn what u a gladiator 😂 

I workout maybe 3-4x a week and my hair is always wet afterwards, so OP should take this into consideration if shes into fitness."
lildrewdownthestreet,saygc3,"I wash my hair with a clarifying shampoo every 5-6 weeks due to me just wearing knotless braids, faux locs, etc but when I wear my natural hair I clarify shampoo every other wash of 2 weeks so every month…"
ndilapha,saygc3,"Well done! 💐 I work out frequenly and I use it twice a month, so every other wash. I washed my hair today though I didn't really want to because it was giving me soft, shine and juicy! 😍 But sweating so often I do need shampoo weekly."
ButterflyNTheSky,say5ud,Gorgeous hair both straight and curly! Have you considered our lord and savior Olaplex #3? My curls bounced right back after the treatment.
CommonSenseNotSo,say5ud,It's so thick and absolutely gorgeous! Congratulations :-)
Reademallj,say5ud,Your hair is beautiful!
_charliezena,say5ud,I did the same thing the other day! GOALS!
flirtandflutter,say5ud,"Wore my hair straightened/heat styled for the first time in 10 years! So happy with my growth and the ends weren’t terrible either (no professional haircuts in two years). Curls a little limp after washing still, need more protein treatments&&&&&&Oh, I already used a bottle both before and after! (in my defense those bottles are tiny lol). I plan to use another one in a couple weeks, I'm sure it helped a lot. I've used a deep conditioner at least once or twice a week for the entire pandemic, which I think helped my hair a lot, my new goal is to use more rice water.&&&Yes! I figured what better special occasion to finally straighten my hair lol"
ndilapha,say5ud,So beautiful! 😍
whatismypassion,say5ud,Your hair looks great! Are you the bride?
livinglifeasisaina,sax6xb,🔥🔥BEST DIY NATURAL HAIR DETANGLER!! YOU WON'T BELIEVE THE LENGTH RETENTION!!🔥🔥&&&
stfudj,sawyzb,"Tried something new&&&&&&I thought I’d try something new with my hair. I literally always wear it in ponytails or pigtails but I wanted to do something different so I used the Clairol Lock n roll set. I did it on dry hair so it’s hella puffy and it frizzed up almost immediately but I’m gonna try it again. 

As you can see I am clearly IN LOVE with the results thus far!!! 😍"
B-21Raider,savqz0,"Gonna guess her mom is white?

Kinky curly knot today conditioner and a Denman brush is a good start."
DorkyDame,savqz0,"Keratin can take several washes before your hair reverts. Although depending upon how much her hair was treated with that it may not revert. I’d go to a licensed cosmetologist to see what they think. Other than that try clarifying shampoos (not the acv rinse it’s not an actual clarifier). Worse case scenario if it doesn’t revert it would probably have to be chopped. However; it’s her hair so ask her what she feels comfortable with, how does she want to wear her hair."
KEnyinna,savqz0,Take her to a professional. Her hair is really damaged. She'll need a cut asap.
Local-Safety6735,savqz0,"Apple cider vinegar rinse. It may take a couple of months I know it did for me. Hairstylist hot combed my hair then flat ironed it and did not use any heat protectant. It will smell terrible, but at least 30mins on the hair, then shampoo and conditioner like a regular wash day after that. You may need to clips ends but it is not that badly damaged then you may not have too."
MAFER-,savqz0,Please help! Deeply emanated curls. ( this is for my cousin) her family didn’t know how to take care of her curls so they always stretched them out and she has even gotten keratin treatments done. I want to hell get her curls back but not sure where to start! Can someone please give me some advise?&&&
Neequa4ever,savqz0,"All these suggestions are great! 

- I would add that her hair should be clarified once to twice a month. This helps to full cleanse the hair from environmental elements and product build up. It's ok to use a sulfate shampoo only for this step as if can be hard to find a sulfate free one. Must follow up with a hydrating deep conditioner in corporated with heat for 15-30 mins. If you don't have a hooded dryer or a dryer bonnet then you can put her hair in a plastic cap and wrap a towel around it for the 30 mins to create heat. 

- find out what porosity her hair is. This will really help in figuring out how to care for her hair properly. If she is Low porosity she will have to use the dryer method of plastic cap method everytime she deep conditions and when she applys leave- in (5-10 mins). Doing this will help insure that the conditioners fully penetrates into the hair. If she's high porosity her hair will need a thicker leave in conditioner or oil to seal in the mositure. Normal porosity is pretty much anything goes. 

- A good protine treatment is Aphogee curlrific texture treatment and leave in. Use once to twice a month.

- make a trim schedule for every 2  months to help gradually cut away the damage. Unless she is fine with going shorter.

- if you style her hair try to stick to wash and wears (wash and go) or very loose styles without extensions"
NoireN,savqz0,She needs to see a cosmetologist who will either gradually trim or do a big chop.
Objective-Dust6445,savqz0,"There’s a redken product called extreme bleach recovery. It works on damaged hair really well and springs it back to life. It’s a line with three products, about $40 total. I’d do that for a while,  and add a deep conditioner."
QQQ516,savqz0,I use emerge hair products from target that that helps detangle me hair. No other shampoo n conditioner does that for me. It’ll be good for her hair.
QueenJLou,savqz0,"She is in dire need of a haircut too, you have to get rid of those dead ends for growth and more definition"
Spare-Magician6452,savqz0,"Stretched out sounds like heat/chemical damage. That part has to be trimmed away unless she is okay with a big chop. I'm guessing a young girl wouldn't. 

She looks like she's still in elementary school. The link has cute styles that are age appropriate and can last a week or two. Some are a bit much. 

Shampoo, deep condition, trim, and hide the ends with protective styles. A good weekly or biweekly regimen will protect her new growth. 

Be careful of too tight styles and using weave all the time.

[Styles](https://www.curlycraze.com/hairstyles-with-beads-for-little-girls/)"
StringBean_GreenBean,savqz0,"First of, (with parental permission) take her to a salon and get the dead ends cut off. Let them shampoo it and do treatments, because they'd probably have a better grasp on what products would work for her. Don't be afraid to ask them what they're using and for suggestions too. There is no point in try to fix anything else until the dead weight is gone. 

The main thing I'd do is put her hair in protective styles and moisturize. You could do kiddie box braids or kinky twists for a while to give her hair a chance to rest."
VixL2134,savqz0,"Hey! She’s such a cute little girl 🥺 And I think it would be great to just stop doing stuff to her hair for awhile. No stretching. No heat. Just make sure you cowash once a week with a conditioner, and then follow her cowash with some leave in so that her hair can retain moisture.

Or…you can shampoo & condition once a week, but follow that with a deep conditioner immediately after and let it sit in her hair for fifteen minutes before you wash it out. Then section and finger detangle her hair and add a leave in conditioner to her hair from root to ends in order for her curls to rebuild the moisture.

And just let her wear her hair as afro for the rest of the week until it is time for you to do her wash day all over again (no ponytails or puffs or braids)

I think that will help her little curls come back 🥺

Edit: Make sure you ONLY wash her hair ONCE a week. Because washing her hair too frequently only strips it from it’s moisture and natural oils. I kind of read some of your other posts asking for help for her and just wanted to tell you this haha 😂 Her hair shouldn’t be washed frequently or else it will become dry and brittle. And if you do wash it with shampoo, ALWAYS always always follow it with a deep conditioner to put the moisture back in her little head lol ❤️"
bluwisdom,savqz0,"Figure out her porosity. That makes a huge difference in what products and hair routine will work. Haircare among naturals can be very different. Agree with cutting dead ends off. But if she has high porosity she may need heavier butters vs low porosity where she may need more protein treatments and lighter products... but no matter what, deep condition!"
dedivaja,savqz0,"I agree! Speaking from experience, I also think she may also need regular trims as her hair grows out considering the extent of her damage (only if she’s comfortable with that). This would make styling so much easier and her curls won’t be weighed down by dead ends. I also recommend starting monthly protein treatments to help her curls get their bounce back!"
futurelullabies,savqz0,"big chop. that poor baby.

i'll never understand this."
happyhippoking,savqz0,"Are you willing to do her hair for her? It sounds like her parents are doing what's easiest and most convenient for them.

Cleanse, condition, style. Cleanse with a sulfate free conditioner. Follow up with a deep conditioner. Style with a cream or botanical jelly. Buy products that smell nice to her. Get her involved in the process. Tell her what you're doing, finger detangle gently (or wide tooth comb). Braids and twists with accessories are cute. Mini buns are cute. Puffs are cute. Let her pick her styles sometimes. No more heat, chemical treatments, etc. At some point take her to a stylist to assess, her hair looks damaged and will need to be cut but do it at her own pace with her parents input."
penguincatcher8575,savqz0,Additionally check out curly girl approved products through curlscan.Com or curlbot.Com. It will help sift through products and prevent some of those popular brands that are actually garbage.
ricochetblue,savqz0,"Her curls might not be salvageable, but definitely try a few Olaplex treatments and then reassess."
shida206,savqz0,She need a cut
sqwzmahmeatybts,savqz0,"⤴️All of this right here! Nothing to add, besides my sincere hope that OP can turn things around for her family❤️"
the_bririonman,savqz0,"Oh no, poor thing! Lots of good advice in this thread already. It could be helpful to ask about the treatments she gets on her hair. I get keratin treatments too, but they in no way affect my curl pattern (certainly not to this extent) and wash about after about 2-3 months. This reminds me of what my hair looked like when I had it relaxed as a child. If she received a more permanent treatment it could be useful to know moving forward! Best of luck 💕💕"
allthediagnoses,save3h,"4C here, but that used to happen to me too. You need to use leave-in and some kind of product (gel, cream, etc) to help keep it in place, but more importantly, you need to detangle -- PROPERLY -- once every week. Some people can stretch it every 2 or 3 weeks, but if your hair is really prone to tangles, you're going to want to do it more frequently. Twisting/braiding already tangled hair is a surefire way to get a head full of locs.

The good thing is that the more you detangle, the easier it will be. Your hair will have fewer tangles because you're taking care of it each week, and you'll get better at it because you'll be able to see where you went wrong and do better every time.

What I do when my hair is super tangled:

1. spray my whole head with water, then use a decent amount of oil (I use coconut) 
2. when hair is damp and oiled, *gently* separate into 4-8 big sections
3. use oil to go through each section and untangle any obvious knots, especially at the bottom
4. add a tiny bit more oil to the ends, then wrap hair and sleep on it
5. in the shower, rinse the oil out and again, untangle any obvious knots
6. shampoo and do some more gentle separating -- the water should help a lot here
7. apply conditioner in 4-8 big twists, gently separating as you go
8. wait 15-30 minutes
9. using the conditioner and the water from your shower, take down a twist and detangle from ends to roots with your fingers
10. next, detangle using a wide tooth comb
11. (make sure you get your roots, otherwise all of this is a waste of time)
12. retwist to keep it from getting tangled again, and then repeat with the next twist
13. when you're finished and out of the shower, apply leave in conditioner to each section
14. finally, use a wide tooth comb and some warm water to get any tangles you might have missed

It takes a long time, but it works for me. If you just detangle a little bit at every step of the wash day process, you should be halfway done by the time you actually pick up a comb."
ur_notmytype,save3h,How long are you keeping your hair in braids?
wocktwizzlet,save3h,"hair keeps locking&&&I have a mix of all curly hair types (3a,3b,3c), and unlike most people, my hair is extremely textured, it's really rough and shrinks alot, in the past few months I usually kept it in braids, but since I had them redone alot, I thought it'd stress my scalp out so I figured why not go all of Jan without manipulating my hair, this whole month I've let it do it's own thing, but now it's really shrunk and tangled alot, some hairs are locked whereas others are just so tangled to the point where it takes alot of force just to split the hairs.

is there anyway I can stop it from doing this all the time? I have prom in less than a month and figured I'd go with fresh braids, but I'm scared my hair would be too matted or locked for me to comb and section as well as braid, anyway I can fix this issue?&&&usually a week max, it's not locking due to braids tho, I haven't had braids since new years eve&&&any products you could recommend?

holy shit just saw your update, really appreciate all the advice, I tried detangling for the first time couple minutes back, the tooth comb wasn't really efficient and wouldn't comb thru so I had to use a brush, and for the sectioning part I definitely regret not doing so before detangling, it would've made the process alot more easier, I got the front and somewhat of the sides, the back could've definitely got better treatment tho, and detangling with product is also an issue, so I'll make sure to use water next time (I did this time, but only towards the end), I'll make sure to use any other side notes next time as well, thanks for sharing"
Babeyonce,saudpq,"Thank you for sharing! What’s your process for stretching with low heat? That is, how do you do it?"
CommonSenseNotSo,saudpq,"Same here.. I always wondered how natural girls with straight hair kept their hair intact. Then I discovered a lot of people don't work out as much as we do lol! That's how they keep their hair together.. and it's not just natural girls who Skip the gym, seems like people of every race just sit around a lot more than I realized.&&&Do what works for you :-) no hate or shade coming at you from me:) a compassion I have been natural for like 14 years, except for a short stint where I got so frustrated with my hair that I put the creamy crack back in lol.. during that 14-year period, I have cut my hair off about five times out of boredom / frustration. My last big chop was about three and a half years ago, and to prevent myself from cutting my hair off, I've been wearing more protective styles than I have ever worn in my life, with my own hair for the most part. I'm finding that twists are not only saving me time, but I love the way they look in my hair, and they are keeping me from getting antsy and cutting my hair off. They also really seem to be helping my hair grow longer than it's ever grown! So I'm finally realizing that protective styles work for me, although I fought it tooth and nail from any years lol.. do what works babe :-)"
DeniLox,saudpq,"I’ve started thinking about adding heat to my natural 4C hair too. My thinking is that I continue to wear it in a bun for what exactly? Adding heat gives me more styles and possibilities. Although, I have found a better routine in the past month or so, so I have been having a bit of an easier time."
Intelligent-Two-3188,saudpq,"You sound like you need to build one routine and stick to it. Natural hair thrives in low manipulation and routine. Usually less is more, Also try deep conditioning twice a month. As for being a straight natural I would try and make those presses last as long as possible and stay patient. Your right about doing what’s best for you. Good luck"
MeetTheBrewers,saudpq,"I’m done avoiding heat, this year I’m becoming a 4C straight hair natural.&&&I know this is a taboo subject in the natural hair community. We have been taught that heat is horrible for our hair, that it leads to heat damage/breakage and we are taught to avoid it at all cost. 

When it comes to my hair type. I’m 4c, medium density, high porosity, with fine strands. No matter what I did or how hard I tried I could not keep moisture in my hair. Not even 24 hours after my wash day and my hair was already bone dry again regardless of what products I used. All my effort sometimes spending 6-7 hours of washing my hair just to feel like it had never even been touched. It was dry and full of single strand knots. 

So a little backstory I’ve been natural for 11 years. I thought when I went natural that I would have this huge hair transformation, and that I would finally meet my goal of having “waist length hair”. Fast forward to today my hair is not much longer than where I started 11 years ago. Of course it’s thicker and healthier that it’s no longer relaxed, but my hair is still stuck at an awkward shoulder length, and is still sparse in many places. It is beyond frustrating. I have put blood, sweat and tears into growing my hair. Doing what seemed to me at the time “all the right things”. Keeping my ends trimmed at least twice a year, taking hair supplements, using growth oils, washing my hair on a consistent basis, moisturizing, and avoiding heat. 

Fast forward to this year. I’ve decided that I’m going to be a straight hair natural because clearly what I have been doing isn’t working. I know many will say that maybe the way I have been doing things is wrong. Trust me when I say that I have tried everything in my decade of being natural. It’s time for me to try something new, it’s time to try something that works for me. I had come to a point in my journey where I no longer enjoyed having my natural hair in it’s curly state, and it started to become a stressor. It was becoming constant work day in and day out trying to keep my hair moisturized. One failed twist out and braid out after another. The constant time commitment of trying to make my hair “look good”, I was beyond sick of it. For the past few months of 2021 I had  resorted to wearing my hair in a bun because I had become so bored and frustrated with my hair. 

So when I say “straight natural” I’m not talking about silk press straight either. I’ve been doing light presses on my hair after blow drying keeping the flat iron under 400 degrees, and only using one pass, so by no means silky straight. I throughly prep my hair beforehand and I have invested in high quality heat tools and hair products to ensure that my hair doesn’t get damaged.  

So right off the bat some things I have noticed. My hair stays moisturized for two weeks. Yes, TWO WEEKS. I’m still shocked by that. No dryness whatsoever because the natural oils from my scalp are able to move down my hair shaft and penetrate my strands. No fairy knots, absolutely zero. I have more flexibility with how I style my hair, I don’t have the stress of a potential failed twist out looming over my head. My wash days go so much faster because I’m not spending all my time detangling. Less breakage, and shedding. Lastly, I’ve been able to visualize when my hair needs a trim. When I didn’t use heat it was hard to notice the split ends and thinning due to breakage. So I was blissfully unaware, and I believed my hair to be healthy. 


Lastly, I write all this to say that I realize that using heat may not be for everyone, but we need to normalize doing what works for you in the natural hair community. That may involve using heat. I still love my 4c and will still rock my hair in it’s natural state, but I love the flexibly and freedom wearing my hair straight has given me. I also want to see growth in my hair something I haven’t seen much of in the last decade, and I’m hoping this is the answer. I’ve seen many straight hair naturals have success growing their hair. So I’m hoping it’s the same for me. As a natural gal I’m done putting myself in a box, and if all else fails it’s just hair and it will grow back.&&&You’re welcome! I’m at a point in my journey that I’m ready to try something new. It has really opened my eyes and has helped me to see my hair from a different perspective. Looking forward to hopefully what will be continued positive changes.&&&I’m very active. I workout 5x a week consistently, I run and do high intensity workouts. Because my goal isn’t to have silky straight hair I’m not as worried about sweat. I wear a scarf or a sweat band to wick away the
moisture from my edges, and tie my hair up to keep my hair away from my skin, my hair stays smooth using that method. I also hear that using a wax stick on your edges helps as well.&&&You’re probably right about the trimming. Keeping my hair straight will make it easier to visualize what my ends are looking like, and it will make it easier to trim more often. My goal is to experiment with this method to see what changes I see in my hair during this process.&&&I was use CHI thermal products and Olaplex. I also use high quality heat tools. I have the Rev air and Dyson Airwrap. I saved my coin for them but it’s honestly worth every penny. They get my hair stretched with minimal damage. I will be investing in the Dyson straightener next to complete my arsenal. I figured if I’m going to commit to being a straight hair natural that I need to have peace of mind that I’m doing all I can not to damage my hair. 

2. I do a mix of everything. Pony, buns, flat twists. My hair does not get tangled very often at all, and when it does it’s very minimal, I rarely have to moisturize my hair, and wearing a scarf and a bonnet at night is all I need to keep my hair smooth.&&&This! I did a huge trim after realizing how dead my ends were once I was able to see my hair straight. My hair is feeling so much softer and is so much easier to manage in a straight state. I’m seriously hoping I see growth next.&&&Over a decade of dealing with my hair and I was exhausted, I seriously feel so free. How often do you straighten your hair?&&&I have had a consistent routine. Low manipulation, protective styles you name it. And I always deep condition with every wash day. I’ve learned what works for me and right now this is it. I’ll adjust as I go along if needed.&&&Exactly my point, what is the reason for wearing my hair in it’s natural state if I did nothing but keep it hidden in buns. I was no longer enjoying my hair, and I realized it was time for a change.&&&I crank my dyson airwrap up to high heat, my coils are too tight to be playing around on the cool setting. Lol&&&I tried twist in my hair as a way to protective style. I just don’t like the way they look on me. My hair is quite fine so they look straggly and sparse so I’m basically only limited to wearing it in a bun. Maybe when my hair thickens up hopefully with regular trims and using this method then I might return to twists in the future.&&&As I mentioned in my post I’m not by any means doing silk presses, so I’m not concerned with keeping my hair extremely straight. I workout several days a week and sweat out my hair on a regular basis. But for the most part even doing that my hair still stays pretty soft and smooth. My main reason for putting heat on my hair is to help seal moisture into my hair, and to prevent tangling and knots. Something I have not been able to achieve wearing my hair in it’s fully natural state and even stretched with blow outs. I’m flexible which is what being natural is all about. I’m also doing my hair myself so I’m not spending any money at the salon, so if my hair happens to get wet in between my wash days it’s not the end of the world for me. I’m tired of being a slave to my hair and that includes overly babying my hair and avoiding heat. (Which hasn’t worked for me anyway) Hair is to be enjoyed and I’m having a lot more fun now."
NobieNeeds2Know,saudpq,There is no magic formula. Embrace your process and enlighten others so that we all learn and grow. Thank you for sharing. Strongly considering this approach. Wishing everyone a peaceful and joyful day.
NoireN,saudpq,I don't know if I'll be a straight hair natural but ever since I started using consistent heat it's been a game changer. I don't have time waiting around for my hair to air dry!
OkSandwich5589,saudpq,"That's cool if you don't want to avoid heat, but now you have to basically be hydrophobic and  avoid humid situations to maintain your straighter styles. It's def a double-edged sword. I love me a gentle blowout and dry flexi-rod set or a silk press from time to time, but I love the freedom of walking out in the unexpected rain bc my hair is in a kinky/protective style more. I dont have to grab a trash bag in the grocery store parking lot to run to my car because I just spent $80 at the Dominicans. These are just some of the things that annoy me when my hair is  fully stretched/straightened. I second that wash days are definitely easier because less tangles to deal with, but I like super low manipulation. I'm talking afro & curly wigs over two dookie braids for 6 months straight!"
Sophs_B,saudpq,"I last used a relaxer in 2015. In October 2021 I decided to become a straight hair natural and the weight that was lifted off my shoulders was immense. Immense.

I'm happy for you and I hope you see the developments you're looking for."
_DarthDarthBinks_,saudpq,"I'm glad you found something that works for you!

One thing that stood out to me is that you mentioned trimming at least twice a year. Everyone's hair is different, but I've always heard/read that trimming should happen every 6-8 weeks.  

Twice a year would simply not be enough for my hair, which is pretty delicate and also used to be prone to really bad breakage. I saw the most progress when I started trimming more consistently.

One of my old friends from school had waist length hair and she kept it blown out/lightly straightened at all times.  Never seemed to have issues as far as I could tell.  So it's def possible to be a straight natural with thriving hair!  But if you still see stagnation in your growth, you might try trimming more often."
_charliezena,saudpq,SO TRUEEE!!&&&Thank you for posting this. I straightened my hair at home for the first time in 10 years!!! And I really enjoyed the process and the outcome! I don't think I got any heat damage! In fact I was able to accurately trim my dead ends and it came out looking to healthy! I wil probably do it more often this year as well!
asgoodasicanbe,saudpq,"Girl, do what you want."
autofillers,saudpq,"I live in a place the experiences cold winters, I have 3c/4a hair and I found I have the same problem especially in the winter. My hair can not stay moisturized for more than a day (two if I was lucky). Stretching it with low heat (sometimes no heat) helped me a lot! I think there’s a huge gray area when it comes to heat and natural hair."
black-empress,saudpq,Our hair and what others think of it shouldn’t be a stressor. Do what works for you!
duaadiddy,saudpq,"Listen our ancestors did not suffer so that anyone can dictate how we wear our hair. It’s literally your hair. If you want to set it on fire, paint it blue, whatever you want, it’s YOUR hair. Don’t let anyone bully you into anything you’re not comfortable with, including natural hair."
feelingcoolblue,saudpq,This inspires me to lowkey up the heat on my blow dry routine. I blow dry on cool with dyson.w
flirtandflutter,saudpq,"I just straightened my hair for the first time in ten years, and not gonna lie it felt nice!! I still would be too afraid to do it more than a few times a year though, just scared of heat damage.   


I do have some questions for you, if you don't mind ,

1) How will you prevent heat damage? What heat protectant(s) do you use?

2) How will you/do you wear your straightened hair? Especially if it's not silky straight? Are you wearing it down, pony tail, braid, bun, etc? Or maybe a mix? I found that my straight hair surprisingly got tangled really easily."
kingdomcame,saudpq,"It sounds like they *did* build a new routine to stick to, though. And if they've been natural for that long, I'm sure that's something they've done in the past, too."
ndilapha,saudpq,"Forget taboos. It is your hair. It should be fun. Don't let anyone steal your joy! Gosh, we have enough problems in life without policing each other's hair. 💐"
primaltriad77,saudpq,"I've been natural for 5 years and I just started blow drying my 4B hair 2 to 3 months ago. (I used to blow dry it all the time when I had a relaxer.) Yep, game changer. When I would wear my hair curly, it would tangle *so* quickly! I would have some serious knots that I could not detangle with my fingers or a brush or a comb; I would have to cut them out, which of course meant I was sacrificing length. With the blow drying, I don't have knots and I don't have to constantly moisturize it. Also, for winter, I went back to using hair grease instead of oils. Love it!!!"
quarantears,saudpq,"I exercise 3-4 times a week, I’ve always assumed being a straight hair natural wouldn’t work for me. How do you deal with going to the gym?"
thoughtsofa,saudpq,it’s actually better to not let your hair air dry!
FaeryRing,saq01r,"Braid care?&&&Hi! I have type 4 hair (4a) and I just braided my hair myself for the first time ever (first time it's long enough for that since I was a child). Now, these are just regular braids small-ish - not box braids, not cornrows or anything like that. There's 24 of them. My question is: how long can I keep my hair on these braids? Can I get them wet and still put my leave-in condition in them? How would I dry them properly if I got them wet?
Sorry for these very stupid questions and thank you in advance."
Suspicious_Depth_623,saq01r,"if you have tightly curled/coiled hair I wouldn’t keep them in longer than 2 weeks. Don’t overdo it with leave in conditioner because that will just lead to build up. And if you get them wet it would probably be best to use a hooded dryer or blow dryer with diffuser attachment and dry them to 70% at least. This will prevent them from staying wet for an extended period of time which could lead to odor. 

and these aren’t stupid questions!"
ndilapha,saq01r,"I just wanted to say CONGRATULATIONS on braiding your own hair, love! I am so proud of you! 💖💐
Hopefully someone will come by soon and answer your questions."
MrsFreshB00TY,sao829,Use a heat protector spray. Gently start from the ends and work your way up to the roots. Use mid to low heat for the most part.
Professor-Wumbology,sao829,Are you blow drying to stretch your hair for another style or will you flat iron it?
Wertyasda,sao829,"Spritzing some water before blow drying, should be in there i think"
amariwashere,sao829,How to blow dry hair properly?&&&Do i put on leave in conditioner before blow drying or after? and if i wanted to add castor oil to my hair would i wait until after its blow dried?&&&stretch it
feelingcoolblue,sao829,Sure you can add a little leave in + heat protectant.
lildrewdownthestreet,sao829,"I never add oil before I think it can heat damage your hair…. That actually smells like burnt too.. don’t do that lol 

I never add leave in before I blow dry just heat protectant spray!!"
ontariodwarf,sao829,You’d want to add any water-based products before you blow dry otherwise your hair will revert/frizz. I don’t think it’s a good idea to use oil before because it can burn
