index,id,comments
jeancarlo_al12,smgzc8,Amazilia saucerrottei&&&
hayabusaheritage,sme951,Alopecia or genetics? How do I “thicken” my hairline and temple areas?&&&&&&I’ve done so many different things with my health and hair and it all seems to grow the same way even as I compare it to older pictures that I have of myself it just seems that my hair doesn’t grow in evenly and I don’t believe that I have any current recession but it just doesn’t grow in fuller how I’d like it.
joiejojojo,sme951,It might be genetic
tensorfascialatee,sme951,"Has your hairline always been this way or is this something new that you’ve noticed? If it’s new- a lot of things can cause hair loss, from stress to weight loss to a nutrient poor diet to hairstyles that cause tension on the hair. 

Hair loss/hair thinning can also be genetic. If it’s something you’ve always noticed this could be one reason why. Either way, I’d recommend taking Vitamin D and seeing a dermatologist as there are some cosmetic treatments and medical-grade topical compounds that can help with hair loss and hair thinning. 

Just my two cents."
Funny_Breadfruit_413,smc2h8,It's more likely breakage unless you had a bald patch that started sprouting. Hair breakage on the top of the head is really common because it tends to get less attention in terms of moisture and more exposure to the elements.
Kindly_Coyote,smc2h8,Looks like new hair. Hair doesn't always grew in at the same lengths I once read.
Nosey-and-curious,smc2h8,Is it breakage or new hair that's growing 🙃🙃🙃 ugh I need to see a derm lol side note: I left all the natural hair fb groups especially after being sensored with no specific rule about what I did&&&&&&I'm hoping so lol can't wait for my trims next month&&&I actually don't lol idk whats happening
lisjj,smc2h8,i would say it’s breakage if you wear low tight buns/ponytails a lot i have this as well
NudlePockets,sm96gn,"Need a starting point in caring for 3b hair&&&This advice is not for me, but for my fiancé. 

My fiancé is mixed and has 3b textured hair. We were going to go in an get it cut today but my fiancé decided he wanted to keep growing his hair out. Which is a big step for him as he is very self conscious about his hair and I’m so very proud of this step and I want to support him in the kindest, most respectful way possible. He’s always kept it short and hidden under a beanie so keeping it is a huge change that I want to support without smothering him or creating an uncomfortable environment. 

Here’s the thing… neither of us know what to do here. He has never received hair care to fit his hair type and I have pin straight hair that I keep short for the purpose of not having to do anything to it. We are starting at square one. 

One of his friends suggested having his hair braided into a protective style. Neither of us know how to do that but I am happy to learn and/or pay a professional. I don’t know what type of style would be comfortable or helpful to him but any advice on a place to start would be helpful. Also… products? He washes his hair with head and shoulders every day. Any products that he can wash his hair with or put in for preventative care would be extremely helpful. 

I am also looking into natural hair specific salons in our area. A community of people that know what they’re doing is far better than anything I can manage. 

Anyway, thank you for reading and for any advice!&&&Thank you. This was extremely helpful!"
Numerous_Win_1123,sm96gn,"Focus on porosity, that’s what’s going to help you find the right products."
Worldly_Produce_4894,sm96gn,"You'll find that natural hair is so easy once you learn how to care for it.  I'd recommend purchasing 'wash your damn hair' (google it, blackcurlmagic is the website I believe).  Basically, they provide product recommendations and videos on techniques.  He should be able to wash his hair, put 1-2 products on it and go after reading this e-book.  

If you don't want to pay for the book, popular products that may be good for him = mixedchicks, mielle organics.  Get a shampoo, conditioner, and styling custard from whatever brand you choose. No more head and shoulders though, it'll dry out his hair.

&#x200B;

Also if he wants braids, I'd recommend paying for them so that they actually look good.  Go on styleseat and type in cornrows and you will find someone in your area. Hope this helps!"
DeadEmoPhase,sm95c1,"I cut my hair last summer without a plan, advice on how to grow it back?&&&I have high porosity hair that I cut hair last summer during a vulnerable time. I felt like I couldn’t take care of it at that time as it was very thick and just touching my shoulders.

I used to keep it trimmed, platted, and shampoo’d monthly (before this I had weekly wash days, but that became too much for me mentally as well). 

Currently, my hair has grown out some, enough for me to get braids, but it’s not where I want it to be. I’ve been trying to get my hair ear length since November so I can get starter locs. (It’s a personal preference to have my hair that length, I know it doesn’t need to be)

Can anyone recommend a regimen or advice in general? I know hair growth takes time, but I’m honestly getting impatient.

Edit: Forgot to mention, I have 3c-4b hair."
Intelligent-Two-3188,sm95c1,"Deep condition deep condition deep condition. That and just a simple regimen like shampoo when you need to,then condition,and seal with a oil or butter"
tensorfascialatee,sm95c1,"I agree with the above advice and would add: stick to styles that require less styling/manipulation, drink lots of water, take Vitamin D, eat a diet based in whole foods, and workout when you can. Deep conditioning definitely helps but hair growth is also dependent on good nutrition. Lastly, be patient. Even if you do all of the above and do it consistently, it’ll still take time. I remember I cut my hair (unwillingly) and it took an entire year for it to grow all the way back 😩 so yeah, patience lol."
BeautyOfaWolf,sm8s5f,"Does Natural/Vegan Permanent Hair Dye Exist?&&&So I tried posting this question in another reddit forum and received little to no feedback so I thought I would try here & hoping I can get some answers!! I've been natural for over 7 years now, but went all the way about 3 years ago. I stopped using permanent hair dyes and switched to a brand called Adore' which is a semi-permanent vegan dye, however it fades and washes out within a month or so. I locked my hair over a year ago by free forming and completely stopped using commercial products in my hair period. I only used homemade rose oil, unrefined coconut oil, avocado oil, acv, rose water and aloe vera for conditioning! I combed them out about 2 months ago & have kept the same product routine! So my hair is pretty use to organic products only right now. I'm planning to start my 2nd set of locs pretty soon, hopefully before I deliver my baby and I'm scared to use any dye with harsh chemicals in it in fear of breakage and hair loss. I've researched permanent vegan dyes and found out about HerbaTint and Tint of Nature but read in a few diff places that they still contain PPD chemicals and caused hair loss. Does anyone have any product recommendations or is my best bet to just go back to using the semi-permanent dyes and then following up with a color depositing conditioner to make the color last longer? Also any product recommendations for a vegan bleaching kit? My hair is a very dark brown and I'm planning on dying my hair a fiery/crimson red!!"
MissTVee,sm8s5f,Henna would most likely be the only natural color deposit
Fiorak,sm747x,"Blow drying hair during the winter?&&&I've been doing twists for a while during this winter season, but I've been thinking about blow drying my hair for a few reasons. Mainly to not have to be doing it every week or so, also because I need a trim, and because I want to leave my hair alone for a while (even though that's been accomplished with the twists). Does anyone have any winter protective styles or winter styles that they consistently do?"
Sam-0808,sm747x,So I do mini braids or I do flat twists. I do this side part thing then do the flat twists from the middle and put them in a bun. They look neat and are protective.
Worldly_Produce_4894,sm747x,"I love large box braids. Quick to put in and take out.

U-part wigs are also convenient"
Qpxxx,sm6brs,"got my third devacut ever, this was definitely the healthiest one&&&&&&thank you!! 😊&&&thank you so much! :)&&&honestly not sure which products were used during the styling process, i know heaven in hair and the ultra defining gel were used. Not sure of anything else, don’t use devacurl personally and don’t plan on it, just a one time thing every-time i get one done. 

first time i got one done was at the same salon i went to. great salon, 100% recommend. it was a big chop, the team was great and made my hair look the best it could but i realized later that my hair was unsalvageable and the only solution was to fully shave. the split ends were basically to the root almost, i’d been trying to go fully natural for a while but my hair never reached its full potential prior to the shave. had a LOT of heat damage. 

second devacut was just to even out my hair, this was before a celebration and i decided to grow out my hair since i was having my sides fully shaved and only letting the middle grow out. she evened it out and that was it. 

pictured is my current devacut. i think it’s cute, i definitely need some adjusting and it JUST covers my huge trich spot. this should make styling so much easier since i used to pull faux bangs forward but that would cause a gross amount of frizz and flatness at the back of that.&&&thank you! it can be a great cut! the layering and bangs really helps frame out my face better, also prevents the sad flatness on top i always had. if you ever do, just make sure the person you go to is experienced with your hair type, reviews and all. i’ve heard some sad stories that people had with crappy “deva certified stylists”!&&&thanks! :)"
Sweet_Imagination280,sm6brs,"Love, love your haircut! Super cute!"
VeganMinx,sm6brs,"Hair looks gorgeous, sis!"
dearmydeer0217,sm6brs,it looks amazing!! seeing this is making me think of getting one too ☺️
irisflowers13,sm6brs,It looks amazing!
XasiakittyX,sm592u,I usually keep mine in until I feel like taking them out probably about a month or so. I wash and resist once a week so they dont loc.&&&retwist*
anxiousmush,sm592u,"Mini Braids&&&So, I've decided to keep my hair in Mini braids with beads at the end, and to only do that style for a while since I really like it and it's pretty low maintenance, which is great for me since I'm in school. I wanted to know how long y'all keep your mini braids in for, since I had previously left mine in for 2 weeks and then I took them out, washed them, and redid them. However, I wanted to know what's the longest amount of time I could keep my mini braids in before I have to take them out and redo them. So, how long do y'all keep yalls mini braids in for?"
DrinkSoyMilk007,sm50vg,"Need to use a styling product on each section before braiding. Can be mousse, gel, or a styling cream. Good luck!"
GigiBeah,sm50vg,"Because they’re dry. I wait 3 days max to take out my hair for a braid out or twist out. Past that time frame, my hair has “absorbed” all of the product and it won’t look as nice when I take it out ☺️

Edit: I would also do a acv rinse or a clarify after having a protective style in"
HinataSakura,sm50vg,"You need to use the right curling products. I usually do a gel and cream mixture with mousse. Keeps my hair hydrated and I just mist it with water when needed. 

Edit: typo"
Independent_Ad8963,sm50vg,"You can always put leave in into your braids then I'll when you're hair is feeling on the dry side.  Always moisturize before braiding. If your braids feel a little dry during the week, spritz your braids with a bit of water, add leave in and your oil then let it dry. Skipping the water works too if you don't want to do that but I say use water because it'll make the leave in conditioner penetrate through the braids better."
Kindly_Coyote,sm50vg,Did you continue to keep your braids and ends oiled and moisturized while braided?
Raeleenah,sm50vg,"Did you braid on damp/wet and moisturized hair? In my routine, I starr after a wash day with damp detangled hair, put in my leave ins then braid tightly."
bishkitts,sm50vg,"looks like the hair is not 'sealed'. as a result it absorbs moisture from the air, making it fluffy. oils and gels that sleek damp hair before it is braided will give a crisper set than creams, too."
darrlaflare,sm50vg,Had braids in for a week and the braid out came out like this…very frizzy & undefined does anyone know why?&&&&&&Thank you!&&&I oiled them like once the whole week they were in&&&I did it with a blow out 👀 could that be why??&&&What do you mean by sealed??&&&Do that while getting them braided? Don’t braid em dry??&&&Thank you!
BeautyOfaWolf,sm4pj9,Raw aloe vera works wonders as well as rose water!
Masheann,sm4pj9,"I keep a water & apple cider vinegar mix in a spray bottle. I use it as conditioner, typically letting it sit for 3-5 minutes before rinsing. This helped my chronic dandruff tremendously!"
Raeleenah,sm4pj9,I will always swear by sulfur8. I use the shampoo and scalp conditioner mixed with a few drops of rosemary essential oil
Rex2land,sm4pj9,Dandruff help??&&&I've got a short afro and when I wash my hair and let the water drip on my face flakes of dandruff apear on my forehead And I notice I can scratch flakes off my scalp. How do I fix this? I heard tea tree oil helps with this.
TyQuavious_,sm4pj9,"You probably have either dry scalp or psoriasis.. I have a similar situation.

Using oil in your hair will mask the flakes and prevent embarrassing flakes in public"
throwawayy98372,sm4pj9,"Try probiotic soap (amazon) and nizoral shampoo, helps me out a lot"
Ok_Bite8099,sm1sb5,"Help: natural curl pattern changed drastically&&&I grew up with tight, stubborn, frizzy 3c hair. I straightened it a handful of times, but never chemically treated my hair and have kept it natural all my life. My curls have always been fine, high porosity. I mostly use Not My Mothers Naturals for Curls products.

However within the past year or so, my hair texture has changed drastically. My 3c hair is now closer to 3a, or 2a when I brush it. The curls are looser, more like waves, and now flatten almost instantly with just a single comb thru. I am not used to this, and I don’t think I like it. It almost looks chemically treated even tho it’s not. I haven’t done much to it or changed my routine. I never apply heat (maybe once a year, but not at all lately due to pandemic). I dyed it once over a year ago but it’s since grown out. My strands have always been fine, but lately it feels even thinner and I definitely have a fraction of the thick head of hair I used to have because of shedding. My hair is also a lot more oily than it used to be, and my scalp flakes a lot despite conditioning regularly.

I’m really shocked and concerned at how much my hair has changed, in a relatively short period of time. Has anyone experienced this? Is it normal??? I’m now in my early 30s. Could it be stress? Age? Diet? (I have had a pretty poor diet lately and gained weight this past year). Is my scalp health an indicator something else is wrong? I haven’t had any other health issues (that I’m aware of). Also no one in my immediate family has hair like mine so I can’t really compare 

Is there any way I can reverse this? It depresses me a bit honestly. I want my curls back!!!"
Ambitious_Choice_816,slwq3c,Your hair looks beautiful! Thank you so much for the giving the details on the products you use. Do you straighten your hair (on a low setting?) and then put it in twists and/or bantu knots to get your curls?
Angelinapatina,slwq3c,"I wanted to try this, but doesn’t it have silicones and sulfates in it which means that you’ll most likely need a sulphate shampoo to remove product buildup?"
Babeyonce,slwq3c,This is beautiful!! And I’m so happy you have that peace of mind. Have you ever tried Aussie 3 minute miracle moist? It changed my life!!! I’ll be trying that shampoo—THANK you!
GiantMeteor2017,slwq3c,"Lovely!! How do you straighten? I want to, but I just can’t get my roots done well."
JollyRanchers1949,slwq3c,How do you like that pureology shampoo?
MeetTheBrewers,slwq3c,"One month of being a 4C straight hair natural and so far my hair is thriving. It’s extremely soft and manageable. Less shedding and tangles. And I can’t get over the shine. 😍 I also have been incorporating some quality hair products and heat tools into my routine and it’s making the difference.&&&&&&Wearing my fine low density hair in it’s natural state has ruined my ends due to tangling and fairy knots, slowly working on trimming them away as my hair grows out, but have trimmed quite a bit off already. 

Products 

Olaplex: #0, 3, 6

Shampoo: Pureology Sheer Hydration 

Chi Infra Treatment 

Deep Conditioner: Queen Helene cholesterol

Heat protection: Living Proof Perfect hair Day (PhD) Heat Styling Spray
 
CHI silk infusion&&&Thank you! ☺️&&&I did that too at one point it helped some, but I still had a issue with dryness and tangling even a few days after washing. Straitening my hair helps seal in the moisture and it lasts for days.&&&Bantu knots look best on my hair type, plus my hair is at an awkward length so I just think Bantu knots work the best, and it also helps to preserve my straight hair. But the styles I alternate between are bantu knots, buns, or two large flat twist. If I’m wearing Bantu knots I’ll redo them at night, it takes me roughly 20 minutes, and if I’m wearing my hair in a bun or flat twists I’ll just throw a silk cap on and call it good. I usually wear buns when my hair starts getting old."
TORONTOFOODJUNKY,slwq3c,I keep hearing about olaplex. Time for me to get on that. How often do you use it?
blahblah947,slwq3c,Gorgeous Curls! The effort is definitely paying off. 😊
iKnoMyCalculus,slwq3c,How do you care for your hair at night and how often do you have to restyle it? Are you basically doing bantu knots?
petite_jpg,slwq3c,Being a blow out natural really saves on tangles 🙏🏾
syd_shep,slwq3c,How do you deal with revision? I have fine low density hair too and I de-tangle in the shower yet the ends are immediately a jungle. Its esp a struggle this winter because my hair products are hardening as encouraging sticking together/tangling. But I can't keep it straight for long before it starts majorly reverting.
ChoraSoul,slqb2j,"Stop blow drying your hair for a while, and I mean like 6 months. Your hair needs a break. 
Something about your blow dry routine is not protecting your hair and the heat increases porosity hair. If you want to stretch your hair, try heatless methods like African threading or banding."
MeetTheBrewers,slqb2j,"The issues she’s having sounds like what I went through. I’m 4c, fine strands, high porosity. I took a break from blow drying and it made no difference. My hair remained dry. I’m a straight hair natural now and my hair is the softest it’s ever been. Some hair types do better with heat. (When done correctly) Hate that I feared it for so long.&&&Had the same issues, hair reaming the same length despite a consistent routine and doing “all the right things”. I finally resorted to being a straight hair natural. The excessive dryness was ruining my hair. Regardless of what I did I could not keep moisture in my hair and it was impossible to prevent tangles. I am able to keep moisture in my hair when my hair is in a straight state. Not saying this is necessarily the answer for you but it’s working for me. After 12 years I was tired and fed up. Heat if used correctly and with the right products can be beneficial."
Numerous_Win_1123,slqb2j,"My hair is the same exact way, and it has been my entire life. I’m still trying to figure out why it doesn’t respond to conditioner or even deep conditioner even on clean hair. My hair dries out extremely fast, I’m talking the next two hours it’s completely dry and brittle. I’ve done LCO, LOC, I’ve used grease or butters to seal and my hair still dries out. Leaving on deep conditioner for a while (a couple of hours) doesn’t help. Something is missing, and I don’t know what it is. I’ve done protein treatments using Aphogee (hard protein), and would use a deep conditioner after and no difference. Light protein treatments haven’t done much either. Maybe do a hair analysis and see what’s going on with your hair under a microscopic level, that’s what I plan to do. But based off of what you said “hair feelings dry as if I didn’t deep condition”, your sounds very porous. All that moisture left your hair in little time. I’m on a journey to solve this issue, because I have the same problem."
Responsible-Nebula-8,slqb2j,"Do you have low porosity hair? It sounds like you do from the description you provided. Low porosity hair repels moisture, which is why it’s so hard to get wet and to moisturize. Have you tried deep conditioning using heat?  That can help with getting the moisture in. Also, I’ve heard a good technique is to moisturize / use a leave in conditioner while the hair is wet."
Suspicious_Depth_623,slqb2j,"A couple questions -
Have you seen a doctor to rule out a medical issue? e.g. get bloodwork done to make sure you don’t have any vitamin deficiencies. 

When you get the trims are you taking off as much as the stylist says needs to go? If your ends always feel rough, maybe more hair needs to get cut. Leaving any split ends in your hair would allow them to travel up the shaft. 

Another thought is that you’re using clarifying shampoo too frequently. Use the moisturizing shampoo weekly and the clarifying shampoo maybe every 4-8 weeks. Don’t use LCO method as  raw oils and thick butters don’t moisturize and only prevent moisture from getting into your hair."
jojo571,slqb2j,Perhaps invest in a hair steamer and a very lightweight moisturizer spray that contains humectants.  There is a You Tuber named Starpuppy that has fine 4c hair that has a whole playlist on moisture called Starpuppy vs Moisture.
slushyjuuice,slqb2j,"Hair growth plateau, breakage and dryness :/&&&My hair texture is 4b/4c and I have been experiencing brittle hair for the longest. I’ve always had issues with dryness, ever since I was a kid but now that I’ve grown more accustomed to my hair, I’m still having issues trying to understand what my hair needs to grow. It’s been the same length for years now! I usually wash my hair every two weeks (interchanging between a moisturizing shampoo and a clarifying shampoo), followed by regular conditioner and then after that, deep conditioning. I don’t always sit under the dryer but if I don’t, I leave the deep conditioner on for a long time while I do other things (like an hour or two)… 
After that I usually blow out my hair (I’ve been trying to do this less often but I prefer blowing out my hair when I do a protective style) but after I blow out my hair, my hair literally feels dry as if I didn’t deep condition. It’s like none of the moisture was retained and I get confused because after I usually wash out the conditioner, my hair feels pretty quenched. 
My ends tend to feel rough and I see little broken strands of hair on my counter…I try to get regular trims and  every time I go to the salon for a trim they tell me I need to take off a lot because my ends are in rough shape…  
I’ve done the LCO method but I still experience the breakage/dryness.. I wish my hair could just tell me what it needs! 

Any advice?&&&To answer your first question, no. I don’t have any vitamin deficiencies but I’m open to adding vitamins to my regimen cause they really couldn’t hurt.

And yes, whenever I go to the salon, I let them cut off as much as they need to.. a few months ago I went in for a trim and they cut off most of my hair. I was really upset because I’ve been really trying to take care of my hair and give it what it needed but I still had to get so much taken off…

I’ll definitely minimize using a clarifying shampoo and rely more on moisturizing!! 

Thank you for the advice!"
Strawberry_Chips,slllsd,"Banding Method as a Protective Style (4C Thin and Sparse Hair)&&&I've grown tired of letting my hair out, it needs to be stretched out so it can grow better. I don't mind my hair in its shrunken state- I love each and every coil in my hair, I admire them pretty much every day ( despite being thin and sparse density ;,) ). My hair's trying its best to grow past a TWA, but leaving it like this won't help.

I did do a lot of research on good protective styles for those with TWA's like me and narrowed it down based on what works vs. what doesn't **and** what's around my area. So, my only options became Threading and, something I recently found, called the Banding Method. I don't have Weave Thread around my area, so I settled to try the Banding Method. But there's one problem, I'm being told by numerous sources that it is a protective style... but none of them mention how long they should be in. So are they protective or not?? How long can I leave them in?? I watched numerous videos doing the process but they use it as an overnight thing.

Should I just leave them in until my next wash day (every other week) or could I leave them in for 3 weeks max??"
shinydolleyes,slllsd,"I wouldn't leave them in for 3 weeks.  I would probably be taking them out each wash day to make sure you're keeping your hair clean.  Most people don't use them as a protective style, they just use them for a day or two to stretch their hair either to style it or just to show some length, but they can be protective as long as you're taking care of your hair in general and aren't pulling them far too tightly which could lead to breakage."
KEnyinna,slhu24,3B hair with fine strands
Learning_machine_,slhu24,I would say your hair type is like 3c but it’s hard to tell because your transitioning but also because your hair is soo long. How long are you going to transition for your hair seems pretty curly to me besides the very bottom.
anon23499,slhu24,Sometimes it’s difficult to find out your curl pattern while transitioning. For me at least my hair was much more springy/curly/coily after I cut off the straight ends that were weighing down my curls
bimbo-proletaire,slhu24,Unrelated but I thought it was a picture of Gia from euphoria ! I had to checked the sub lol
blsnbarb,slhu24,"What is my curl pattern? I’ve looked at different charts and can’t seem to figure out where I fit. My hair doesn’t really spiral into a curl. It’s more of an S shaped deep wave. The ends are straight because I’m transitioning from relaxer. These pics are after washing with no product or styling.&&&&&&Yeah that’s what I’m thinking. I think also because my hair is so long, it weighs down the curls that would otherwise be a lot springier.&&&Lol people tell me I look like Storm all the time. Maybe that’s my sign to audition. 😂&&&I’ve been transitioning for almost 5 years now. I didn’t do a big chop. I just trimmed my hair a few times a year, and it eventually grew out. I still have a few inches at the ends of my hair that are completely straight, so I’m just waiting to grow those out. It just took me so long because my hair comes down to the bottom of my butt, so it took several years to replace that hair with new growth. I probably only need another year or so to completely cut it all off without sacrificing my length."
__CarpeDiem,slgxng,"Cut all my hair 2 years ago, product recommendations for dryness/frizz and style ideas&&&&&&I use to straighten my hair a lot when I was younger and did a relaxer on it. Never learned about what products to use or how to style it so typically it is up in a bun. Please recomendable any style ideas and products&&&Thank you for the rec. i normally just use Cantù but I’ve heard it bad for your hair. Is this product only available online?"
kolorsofthewind,slgxng,"I personally like the Melanin Haircare line. My favorite is a leave-in conditioner oh, they're curl cream can be kind of heavy but it should help keep moisture in."
AlexandraLiberty,slfxrv,"They look a little tight in one side. Give it 24 hrs and it should loosen a bit. If not, it’s too tight."
Omega_Tree,slfxrv,That can happen depending on the position your head was in while getting braided. When I was younger and my mom used to braid my hair I would try and watch tv while she was braiding the back. So now when you try to look down there’s tension. That’s why usually when braiding the back the stylist while ask you to “look down” Expecially with cornrows. It should go away in a few days.
OokiiStaR,slfxrv,You can oil the stress points to accelerate them loosening up.  But tension means a bit too tight at the tension points. Probably done to make it last longer but that's not always best.
QuietNoiz99,slfxrv,"Yep, I've experienced it on my neck - never on my forehead though. It was a few days after for me.
I don't get cornrows anymore but when I did I told them not to have the back tight and I never got those bumps again."
SydiemL,slfxrv,Maybe too close to hairline? Idk but they look great!
__KINGBOWSER__,slfxrv,you get used to it
a-midnight-flight,slfxrv,If its not hurting constantly I guess you are fine. Its not really easy to tell unless you have a vein popping out of your forehead lol So as long as you feel like your scalp isn't on fire constantly. But whoever did your cornrows did a A+ job! Those lines are immaculate.
alejomi,slfxrv,"It's not really easy to tell if they're done too tight. You have to go by feel, cornrows do give you a sort of upper ""face lift"" effect when they're just freshly done. Best thing is to give it at least 24hrs and see if you still feel the discomfort."
gigismother,slfxrv,"yes, if it's not painful then it will usually go away as you wear the style and time goes on. but if it's too tight or painful, i find the areas that are too tight (usually around the perimeter of your head/the back), and i gently pull some of the smaller/shorter hairs from the root out of the braid if it's that unbearable. I hope that made sense 😭 essentially pulling some of the hair out of the braid to relieve pressure lol."
ispankx,slfxrv,I think I’ve read somewhere that small bumps will appear around the area of tension. Dunno how soon though =\
maajaaee,slfxrv,"are my cornrows too tight? i just got them today, they don’t give me a headache or anything but it feels a bit like they’re pulling when i look down? does it just go away with time?&&&"
shida206,slfxrv,They look fine to me
Ashleythemaneater,slcgwm,"Hair is super frizzy and is ruining hairstyles&&&I remember the last time my hair was fine. I used that revlon blow drying brush to dry my hair and it was doing an half assed job for some reason that day. Anyway I then went to do this swoop hairstyle on my hair and I just KEPT brushing it with the wave brush and putting more and more gel on my hair that I eventually had to wash my hair despite just washing it days previous. Now my hair is just SO frizzy. Literally my twists are frizzy, my puff is frizzy. I literally cannot do anything it just looks like a frizzy mess. I'm thinking of olaplex to help fix it. I don't know where I went wrong and how to make it better. It's making me want to cut my hair off it's so bad. My hair is usually so defined with just it being wet now it's just frizzy.&&&I was thinking that but doesn't heat damage mean your hair can't hold a curl? Mine still does curl just has frizzyness that accompanies it&&&I used a clarifying shampoo yesterday. I skipped the protein treatment and did a moisture deep conditioner. Have no idea what's wrong. It has to be heat damage :(&&&Also I have high porosity since dying my hair so my hair is always kinda dry unless I use a heavy cream but like I had said it was fine until that day I used the blow dryer brush and gel."
borg3o5,slcgwm,"Sounds like your hair needs some tender loving keratin conditioner. It won't fix everything, but it really does help with a number of problems that crop up over time, especially heat damage. You probably have a little bit of heat damage (hence the frizzies), but a little bit won't ruin your hair forever."
cybertides,slcgwm,Maybe your hair has protein buildup? Other than it being frizzer than normal does it feel dry? Brittle?
mani_mani,slcgwm,I would try olaplex. You potentially could have caused some heat damage with blow dry brush.
