index,id,comments
Momma_Bear3,809zo5,Your curls are amazing!!  (And you and your emoji twinning is awesome! You’re both beautiful!)
federickbeans,809zo5,most volume I’ve ever had on a wash day :’)&&&&&&Also my bitmoji and I are hella twinning I never realized how much my hair matches hers &&&My routine includes the pink Maui moisture shampoo and conditioner which smell amazing like Shea and give so much moisture and slip. I detangle using one of those shower wide tooth combs and only use my fingers for really tangled pieces. I’ve learned using my fingers separate my curls a bit TOO much. I also use the conditioner from this line as a leave in but just a tiny amount. Out the shower I use shea moisture’s gel cream 10 in 1 and glaze it over my hair and scrunch. I then air dry and shake my head A LOT while drying for extra volume. I’ve recently discovered the gel cream at ulta while looking for SM new honey line but it was out of stock there. The gel cream has so much in the bottle and a little goes a long way. No cast or buildup that I’ve seen so far. The consistency is weird tho lol. My hair is also very soft and fluffy so I’m unsure how long this wash and go will last :( &&&Thank you !&&&Thank you so much ! 
ls7307,809zo5,"No, her hair matches yours! Lol. They finally have my hair pattern too! Now, if only they would make her with a curly high ponytail too. 😐"
rbkc12345,809zo5,Your hair is glorious!  I like that length on you too.
be_ruff_,8077w6,Looks great! Have you tried shingling? It looks like your curls would love it especially if you love definition. 
musicdrunky,8077w6,"The most defined they’ve ever been!&&&&&&No! How does it work? &&&So, recently I started using Shea Moisture Manuka Honey & Mafura Oil Intensive Hydration Shampoo, Conditioner, and the Hair Masque from the same line. 

I wash my hair about 2-3 times a week with the shampoo, then rinse. I then put the conditioner in and use a wide-tooth comb to make sure it’s distributed properly, then I rinse. I do use the hair masque with this line about 2-4 times a week after using the shampoo then towel dries with a cotton towel until my hair my damp.

So to style, I used Renpure’s Coconut Créme Curling Jelly Styling Gel when my hair was damp. In this specific photo, I used my new hair diffuser until it was dry :) "
mooseknuckle02,80688t,"Type 3A/B. Overwhelmed with information and need some advice on my current routine (More info in comments)&&&&&&So I have a decent at best co-wash routine with minimal maintenance.  I've been wanting to step up my game and get thicker curls that are a bit shinier and hold up to Georgia humidity.  My hair is high porosity, medium length, with high density (except I do have a receding hairline, help?), and it's fairly coarse.  My main problem is breakage when my hair gets frizzy (which is always because of the humid weather here).

Routine: (I follow this 3-4 times a week)

* Shae moisture restorative conditioner massaged and finger combed through wet hair
* scrunched with a t-shirt to dry a little 
* scrunch shae moisture extra moisture hair milk into hair
* air dry

I don't do anything else.  Some thoughts I have on improving.  

* A deep conditioner - but which one? and how often?
* An oil regimen (black castor oil on the scalp for the receding hair line, maybe coconut oil once a week to sleep with? argan oil scrunched into it, also vitamin E?)
* I'd like to wash my hair more but all shampoos I've ever used make my hair feel awful


Any suggestions for my hair would be greatly appreciated.  I've been reading circles around naturallycurly.com and I keep thinking that everything is overwhelming so I'm not really making progress on what to do for my hair.

Edit: I put 3A/B because sometimes I do get little ringlets like 3B. But for the most part it's 3A.  "
nemicolopterus,80688t,"Based on your picture, I don't actually think you need a deep conditioner or an oil! I think you need gel. So I recommend gel! Specifically LA Looks level 1 super spoorts hold or Eco Styler (those aren't better, they're just cheap, ubiquitous, and CG).

But, to answer your questions directly (even though I don't think you need these!)

- Deep conditioner: You can probably pick any! I recommend Shea Moisture Manuka Honey and Mafura Oil intense hydration masque. I use it once a week.
- No advice here, my hair hates oil.
- Why do you want to wash your hair more? Washing it less is better for your hair.

Let me know if you have other questions!"
therealganjababe,80688t,"No real advice as I'm new here, but wanted to say your hair is gorgeous! Mine is actually very similar, but doesn't curl/wave up to the top like yours does, so I'm jealous!"
jenniecide1,805e8u,"Two weeks of the CG method, I never knew it was this curly! Thanks to Noughty Wave products.&&&&&&So this is two weeks of Noughty Wave Curl Defining shampoo and conditioner, and then a spray of a little of the conditioner mixed with water. 
Before it was frizzy and nothing had definition, this is a whole new world! "
F0r35tImP,8057i9,"Shaved head for 33 years... I guess it’s curly&&&&&&I have to thank this subreddit. I was so frustrated not knowing how to take care of it, that I almost shaved it all off again. Now I probably love my hair a little too much. I have been using the CG method for a couple of weeks now. The difference is incredible. I'm currently co-washing nightly with TRESemme Botanique Nourish & Replenish, lightly drying by scrunching with a towel, then applying Scotch Porter Hair Balm (not CG approved but mainly for castor oil), and allowing it to air-dry before going to bed. The shower before the picture taken I incorporated my first weekly wash with Shea Moisture Curl & Shine Shampoo. I will probably be switching to their conditioner as soon as the TRESemme runs out.

EDIT: Added information on my current routine based on the request of a Mod."
RomyReptile,8057i9,"Let it grow bro, they deserve it! "
Lady_diana,804ooa,"I have been using Shea Moisture conditioner for years and it has saved me. I don’t use it for every wash cause it can get expensive, but when I use it my curly hair is so refreshed "
miasfilms,804ooa,Alternatives to deva curl?&&&Does anyone know of some conditioners that have the same/similar ingredients to deva curl conditioners? Did you get similar results? 
brainwise,8034u7,I’ve been using Natural Instincts for months now which is great. I haven’t found something good for frizz yet though :(
dangerossgoods,8034u7,I freaking love sukin. Akin Alchemy is also great.  VitaFive CPR products are great and sulphate free too. 
gayshitlord,8034u7,Liquid Rollers by Evo :3 
imwittier,8034u7,"After a few months sulphate and 'cone free, it turns out my hair isn't just floofy, it's curly! I would love some tips and product recs (especially from Aussies!) .&&&&&&Routine: wash every 3-5 days with Sukin natural balance shampoo and Natural Instinct Moisture Surge conditioner (I tried the shampoo but it gave me oily roots). Scrunch the water out gently with a t-shirt, then lay the shirt over my shoulders and let dry. I tried plopping but having my hair flipped forward made it clump so when I unwrapped it my hair wouldn't fall back, if that makes sense? 

I would love some tips or products for smoothing that top layer of frizz without making my hair feel heavy and get greasy quickly (I am a grease ball!). 
I want to try the devacurl range but I am having trouble justifying the cost to get it as an Aussie...


Thanks!"
blue1smoke,802c2r,I can relate with curls doing what they want in regards to curl texture and patterns 😅😅
nemicolopterus,802c2r,"You need an ingredient called EDTA. You also need it ‘in sufficient quantities’ to deal w chlorine and other pool chemicals. Suave naturals has it, but it’s kind of low on the ingredients list. But that’s what you want to look for. Hair science-y blog has some great posts about it. I’m on mobile but can link later in case you can’t fjnd it by google "
raechuu,802c2r,"2C/3A Swim Instructor/Masters Swimmer here. I tried just co-washing and it helped a little with the chlorine at first but after a month or so I could feel my hair starting to dry out. Now, I shampoo one or two days a week with a mild shampoo and co-wash on the other swim days. That and actually getting my hair wet in a shower before getting in the pool helped a lot!"
yes_we_diflucan,802c2r,"Is it possible to co-wash and still get chlorine out?&&&Hi, first-time caller. :D So I have several issues at play here. I've been growing out my hair for almost a year (it used to be about an inch long and now it's somewhere around my neck), I swim five times a week, and I'm Jewish, with the can't-choose-one-texture hair to prove it. I *think* my hair is 2B, but these days it tends to go absolutely flat at the slightest provocation, and 26 years of experience tells me that it's not even close to as straight as it's acting (maybe it's the weather? I'm also being treated for hypothyroidism, so that could have something to do with it). 

I'm currently switching from Lush products to Shea Moisture, beginning with my partner's Manuka/Mafura Honey stuff because I'm poor and want to be sure a collection works before I buy it. Some of the lines that help with curl definition have co-washes, but I've looked at the ingredients lists and I'm not sure that all the moisturizing stuff will get rid of the chlorine. Currently I wet my hair thoroughly before I swim, sometimes putting coconut oil in it, and shampoo/condition after. I then put some Lush R&B and hair wax in, use the gym hair dryer for about a minute because I get bored, and plop. The curls sometimes go flat and sometimes don't. Hence my desire to try co-wash and see what happens, as well as new leave-ins if that goes well. 

Tl;dr will a co-wash really cleanse my hair of chlorine as well as condition it? &&&Thanks! :) &&&So if I alternated something like DevaCurl Low Poo with the Daily Fix, that would work? &&&Apparently this stuff has it: http://www.curljunkie.com/Daily-Fix-Cleansing-Conditioner-p/dfcc12.htm but it also has something called behentrimonium methosulfate - does that count as a sulfate you don't want in your hair? "
