index,id,comments
SatinDoll15,7qgzuv,"Bleach can relax your curl, or fray the cuticle. If your hair use to be non-porous it's probably now porous, so it's soaking the product INTO the shaft, which isn't actually good for your hair.

My hair used to be semi-porous. Since dying or using any chemicals on it, it's become highly porous. It snaps more easily if I use the wrong products.

I recommend either a hair glaze or protein treatment. They aren't permanent solutions, but my hair stopped breaking as easily (still more easily than before all the chemicals, but a lot better). I do a protein treatment nearly every other month. Some people find hair glaze to work better since it coats the hair... only thing is it might relax your curl more. Protein treatments stick to the lifted parts of the cuticle or fills the holes (temporarily)&&&Sorry to resurrect the dead but since you have bleached hair of a similar texture I wanted to give a product suggestion! (this wouldn't work the same on thick, non-porous hair I imagine) . Maybe try ""Ichikami"" hair oil. It won't reverse the same or fill the gaps, but I've been using it for about a week and my hair cuticle is starting to look smoother and my hair overall feels softer (without brittleness or stretch). Might be worth trying! It doesn't weigh down curls at all (I had more volume when I used just that and my curl cream than I've had in forever). Also gave myself a 2"" trim so that might have helps haha."
absconding,7qgzuv,"Bleached hair can't hold any products&&&Hello! I bleached my hair a while back and I was wondering if anyone had any tips.  If I put absolutely no products in it, it curls okay.  [Picture here] (https://imgur.com/a/ippez).  However, if I leave it put anything in it while it's wet, my hair dries mostly straight.  &&&Thank you for your reply.  I did a bunch of protein treatments right after I bleached it.  It helped a little, but it also sucked all the color out as well.  I used olaplex also, they have all seemed to help, and I know it takes time but still! &&&I put some hair oil on, but I can only add it once my hair is dry.  If I put it on while it's wet, my hair straightens. :( &&&Awesome, thanks!!  I actually just cut a huge chunk of my hair off.  When dry it goes right above my shoulders.  Curls are better too.  I haven't tried any products though.  Just hair oil after it's 100% dry and only using conditioner (but rinsing it all out) just in case it weighs it down like it was before.  "
saltywench77,7qgzuv,I would try argan oil For styling your hair 
A_Mei_Zing39,7qgr3h,It’s like the you’re looking at yourself from the picture on the left and your face is saying “DAYUM GIRL!!” lmao 
Baconbit7,7qgr3h,You look similar to Gina Rodriguez from Jane the Virgin!! Beautiful hair btw. 
ChubberTheChubber,7qgr3h,Cute!  I love that length on you!
FeverishPuddle,7qgr3h,Woah... are we allowed to say girls are cute?
Indiandane,7qgr3h,"Lmao at your before picture, but your hair has become so beautiful!!!"
JaniePage,7qgr3h,Beautiful!
Shmay08,7qgr3h,"As long as you step up your deep conditioning treatments (I do mine once a week or every two weeks, depending on how my hair feels) you should be fine. I've been blonde for about a year and I haven't seen any major changes. "
UnassociatedAltAccou,7qgr3h,"Oh my gosh your poor hair on the left :( 

Both you *and* your hair look SO MUCH HAPPIER!"
allthehoes,7qgr3h,Lol your face
broadswordmaiden,7qgr3h,your hair is so cute!
cin_ster,7qgr3h,Omg so jelly! I use to have a blonde streak too but my hair got so dry and started to break. 😥 you wear it well! I wish I could get this look again 
dollyrat,7qgr3h,You look so cute in the first picture 
gplatt,7qgr3h,I love the dash of color in your hair! Did you notice that area get too damaged or did the curls in that area loosen up or anything like that? I've been wanting to dye my hair I'm but scared to death that the bleach will kill my curls 
meetthesea,7qgr3h,Gorgeous!
mija2snatched,7qgr3h,Lovely! 
miztilapia,7qgr3h,"I wanted to thank this sub for helping me embrace my curly hair! My hair has come such a long way thanks to your advice and recommendations!&&&&&&So I've had that side of my hair bleached for a better part of two years and I've only been curly for 1, so I've been avoiding rebleaching the roots. I do notice that the blonde side is less curly than the black one, but after a cut and some deep conditioning, it looks pretty good still :) &&&My routine!

I shampoo with whatever Shea Moisture shampoo I have at the time (I buy whatever is on sale) and condition with DevaCurl One Decadence.

While my hair is wet, I comb Kinky-Curly Knot Today, DevaCurl Coconut Curl Styler, and DevaCurl Ultra Defining Gel into my hair in that order.

Then I use a microfiber towel and plop for about 30 minutes before diffusing until my hair is 90% dry. &&&Thanks! 😊 it was originally half and half, but because I no longer want to bleach my hair, I've been letting the roots grow 😂 &&&I know 😭 I never realized just HOW bad it was until I stumbled upon this old picture! Thank you though! I am in a much happier place with my hair now 😄"
neverdieeasy34,7qgr3h,Beautiful 
solo_vino,7qgr3h,"Your style is too cool, love it! And that bit of color in your hair is pretty much exactly what I wanted to do but higher up, you pull it off so well! "
tignasse,7qgr3h,Woooow total transformation 👌👍😍😍😍😍
Mmsplashwoman2,7qglif,"Finally figured out how to care for my 2c waves/curls doing CG, started in August... husband doesn’t like that he can’t run his fingers through it.&&&Not sure what to do. 

I have gotten so many compliments from family, friends, strangers on my hair/how I’m wearing my hair now... but my husband doesn’t like it as he would prefer it if he was able to just run his fingers through it when he feels the urge to..which is infrequent.

Not sure if I can manage making it look okay without gel.

Asking for help/advice!

Shoulder length, 2C, low porosity, medium density, fine... easily tangles.

Current routine:

- giovanni 50/50 shampoo 

-  detangle with Shea moisture conditioners.. a number of  them

- apply leave in, curl cream, gel.

- squish to condition, squish in styler, plop over night diffuser in the morning.

Hair victory pics below

https://imgur.com/a/9gqKF

&&&My husband will also if I ask, I have to remind him not to use his nails then he uses his pads.

He wants to be able to just randomly mostly out and about in public run all of his fingers from top to mid length down.

It’s frustrating for me as I try to talk to him about it, try to work with him but he is resistant. &&&I have the Xtava blow dryer with the Black Orchid diffuser.

Only set I’ve had. 

Comes highly recommend on this subreddit, YouTube. 

I like it quite a bit!&&&Once or twice a week, apply small amount of oil or warm water and condition re-squish the other days... or bunning it "
RNSW,7qglif,"Do you do this routine every night, every other night, or some other schedule?"
ahnahnah,7qglif,I tell my bf to do a little scalp massage motion or even little combing motions but sticking close to the scalp.
girlunderh2o,7qglif,What diffuser do you have and would you recommend it? I'm on the hunt and looking for good ones?
gunnapackofsammiches,7qglif,"My boyfriend is allowed to play with my hair right before I shower and that's it, otherwise he kills my waves. "
krr91,7qgeky,"Evolution of my curls (left is the first day I let my hair be naturally curly...7mo ago, right is now)&&&&&&Routine: shower in the morning, no shampoo, condition with any silicone free conditioner, scrunch dry with a t-shirt, and then scrunch in a Shea curl cream and a mousse and diffuse. "
nevergonna_giveyouup,7qgeky,Adorable! And I love your glasses. :)
UglyCurls,7qfcgf,"How do you know if you’re a curly imposter?&&&I can get my hair to curl to about a 2C/3A, but only if I scrunch and use product.

I can brush my hair out stick straight and let it air dry - it’ll dry with a very slight wave.

How do you know if you have “real” wavy/curly hair or if your hair is straight but curls due to product?

"
basylica,7qfcgf,"Agreed. Both my sons ended up with their dads straight hair despite my entire family being curly/wavy. 
My younger son as the tiniest bit of body but not even a hint of a wave. The oldest has such thick straight hair that even wet and with a gallon of product he can’t even comb his hair away from his face. When he was 2 he had a Mohawk that my brother put paste and gel and probably bondo in and it just went back the way it grows. No amount of anything will make it change it’s way"
catgirl1359,7qfcgf,"Straight haired people can't put product in, scrunch a bit, and end up with 3a curls. You can enhance and encourage curls, but you can't summon them out of nowhere. And if you have to brush your hair to get it straightish, it's not straight hair. A lot of curl patterns are easily loosened/straightened and won't spring back up if they're brushed out. That doesn't mean they're not curls, it means the curl pattern isn't as strong since the curls aren't as course or tight as others."
deathbypurple,7qfcgf,"Clarify, airdry without touching. My hair loosens to 2c/3a really quickly, but I know I'm 3a/3b because airdried with no manipulation, it dries into spiral curls and ringlets."
nemicolopterus,7qfcgf,"I deeply understand where you're coming from: my hair is the exact same. This is partly why it's so easy to go for so long without realizing you have curly hair!

The thing is, I have a friend who really wanted curly hair but hers is straight. I got her setup with all the products and techniques from this sub, and she tried it for a month and a half and....her hair is still straight!

What I've decided is: No product can change the texture of your hair, it can only enhance or not.

So claim yourself as curly and wear that identity proudly! You belong here."
sandiegobloop,7qfcgf,"Dealing with the same problem as the OP so this was really refreshing to hear, thanks! "
volumeira,7qfcgf,If you have to ask...
catgirl1359,7qewjm,"I’d say more like 3a with some 3b. But it can definitely change as you figure out your perfect routine and get it really healthy. It’s not important to fit 100% into a label, plenty of people have a mix of curl types or are inbetween two different types. "
rbkc12345,7qewjm,"3b, I would say, on the border with 3a.  Beautiful, too."
sam20910,7qewjm,"What’s my hair type? I’m stuck between 3b/3c but can’t fully tell&&&&&&Thank you! It usually changes depending on the day, sometimes the curls are tighter than in this pic and sometimes they’re looser but I’m looking forward to trying the CG method and hopefully I’ll get a better grasp on how to manage my curls."
Curly_Edi,7qekph,"I'm sporty/ wear a helmet often/ get muddy and when needed I use sulfate shampoo every day for a while (think skiing or mountain biking holidays).

There is no difference in my hair compared to washing less frequently. 

The major improvement is that the dryness from regular shampoo is gone. "
catgirl1359,7qekph,"However many is right for you. I wouldn't use shampoo everyday, even sulfate free shampoo, but if you need to cleanse and restyle your hair daily you can cowash most days and shampoo 1-2x a week. Or if it works well for your hair you can cowash daily and use shampoo just a few times a month."
kadoshdor,7qekph,"Question 🙋&&&How many times a week should I wash my hair any put cream on it if I want to try the cg method, I work out almost every day so in the answer is different then every day, what can I do? &&&Thanks, I will try that 💪✌️"
catgirl1359,7qdnch,"There's definitely a small percentage of curlies who still use silicones, but I've usually heard it from curlies with damaged hair who like the smoothing properties of silicone. I personally don't use silicones but I do find that a good low poo 1-2x a week really helps my hair absorb conditioner better. I definitely couldn't wash 4x a week, I think that would leave most curlies super dried out. And I never found a low poo that could get rid of silicones without totally stripping my hair. But if you like the look that silicones give and feel like your shampoo washes them out fine then hey, that's what works for you. Don't feel like you need other people to have had the same experience in order for yours to be valid. "
rbkc12345,7qdnch,"I use AG Fast Food, it has a water soluble silicone.  Also low poo, not co-wash.  Coarse, resistant hair.  Have used this for years with no ill effects."
teainjuly,7qdnch,"Any curlies still use silicones?&&&I tried to go full on CG, but like others, I noticed a huge increase in shedding. Now I use a clarifying sulfate free shampoo 3-4x a month*. Since I went low poo, I stopped shying away from silicones in conditioners. I figure since I clarify regularly anyway, some cones can't hurt. 

Since adopting this new regime my hair seems to retain much more moisture and I experience a lot less hair loss! I still use no poo on days I don't don't want to overly strip my hair. 

Has anyone else had this experience??&&&Thanks for the response! I meant 3-4 times a month, not week. Oops! 

I do have damaged hair, so I have no doubt that's why I still enjoy silicones. Hopefully as my hair starts to heal I'll be able to stop the occasional sulfates/silicones. "
thisisthingtwo,7qdnch,"I still use a gel with silicone (Paul Mitchell Extra body). I've been using it for years. I use a clarifying shampoo a couple of times a month to prevent any build up. You might want to try slowly reduce days you use the clarifying shampoo and increase the days you use no-poo in order to have more moisture. That is what worked for me , but do what every works for you! "
Sauce45,7qdee1,Is it okay to use Bobby pins and hair clips on curly hair?&&&I’m trying to repair my hair again and I’m trying to not use any hair ties or scrunshies so my hair doesnt break. I’m using some Bobby pins and hair clips on the front part of my hair to move the hair from my face instead of tying my hair back. Are hair clips and Bobby pins safe for my hair? &&&Well the clips I’m using is open and closed. What hairstyle wont damage my hair so I can let my curly hair grow out then? I feel like everything damamges your hair.......I just want my hair to be healthy and grow long and not tear &&&That sounds like a good idea! I just have to learn how to braid my how lol. Like I am do regular braids but not cornrows type of braids where its more attach to your head. So loose cornrows won’t cause any damage?
catgirl1359,7qdee1,"Clips and pins can definitely damage your hair, either by pulling the hairs or by adding wear and tear. If you're really concerned about damage, I'd skip them. If you still want to use them, the least damaging option is probably any kind of clip that snaps open/close, since it won't tug the hair as it's pulled out the way a bobby pin would."
rbkc12345,7qdee1,"Scrunchie is more gentle than bobby pins.  Can you braid the front loosely to keep it out of your face?  If it's curly it should hold ok without a tie, mine does (2c) so it doesn't have to be super curly to hold.  I do this when I don't have a clip. . pull some of the front hair a little away from my face, split it in three, braid a couple of times, leave the ends free, braid sort of hides but hair stays out of my eyes.

One of my daughters has delicate hair, and any bobby pin, barrette, or hair tie seems to cause breakage.  "
broadswordmaiden,7qd9xo,Have you looked at Pureology? It was recommended to me as a more affordable option to DevaCurl and my hair has been very happy!
dxrlingdxrko,7qd9xo,Devacurl made me shed so much more so be careful it’s more common than you think. I’m getting rid of my decadence stuff now since I can’t use it at all
marsglow,7qd9xo,Try Shea moisture or Cantu products.
nemicolopterus,7qd9xo,"Moroccan oil products have silicones in them. If you're trying to stay CG, that's a bad choice!


Edit: Paste ingredients into here: isitcg.herokuapp.com"
phillyroll23,7qd9xo,"DevaCurl Decadence or Moroccanoil Curl?&&&I'm not sure which to get and they're both around the same price range. I'm leaning towards moroccanoil because it smells better but I would appreciate any opinions! My hair type is more than 3A than 3B but a mix of both.

Thank you!"
TastelessGin89,7qc037,I love your hair so much. 
Tr0llTurkey,7qc037,Mine gets frizzy if I dry it for more than a minute. Lucky!
besnugged,7qc037,Beeeauuutiful!!!
blacksunshineaz,7qc037,What a cutie!
chnairb,7qc037,"Come for the curls, stay for the classic username!"
jilllmatic,7qc037,"Freshly diffused 🙌🏻&&&&&&Routine:

- Paul Mitchell tea tree lavender shampoo& conditioner 

- Maui curl quench leave in curl smoothie ( I add this while my hair is soaking wet)

- deva curl ultra defining hair gel ( I layer this on top of the curl smoothie)

- comb products through using wide tooth comb

- scrunch  & diffuse on high heat low speed

- a few drops of jojoba oil for any frizz

- wash days: Sunday’s & Wednesday’s 

Hair is freshly washed and diffused in photo 😊&&&Thank you!! And it takes me about 10 minutes , i don’t have the patience to let it air dry all the time bc it takes like 3 hours to dry naturally lol&&&Try diffusing with just the cool air on medium setting! &&&Thanks ! 😊"
joebidenstan,7qc037,"Holy curls, Batman!! "
jonesthejovial,7qc037,"Your hair looks great & you look like a lovely, sunshiney person! Thank you for sharing!

Q: About how long does it usually take you to diffuse? I recently started trying but I always give up because it takes so long and my back/arms hurt so bad after a while. :("
oatea,7qc037,Beautiful hair!!! And youre so cute 😊
