index,id,comments
betsaronie,9chuff,"Sally's generic version of the Matrix biolage is my holy grail product. it's $7 for a giant bottle that lasted me about 5 months.  so def try that if you love Matrix.  I think some products are worth it and some aren't it's been try and error to figure out.  i also really like the pantene curl mousse, nice and cheap.  But i can't find a cheap gel that works for me.  I'm mop top custard or Kinky Curly Curling Custard all the way.  i say save money where you can, there's tons of great cheap options out there, but if you find an awesome pricey product and you think it's worth the money, go for it."
i_luv_u_5-evur,9chuff,Which salon brands are worth the purchase? Which are not?&&&I’m about three weeks into CG but I’ve been using matrix biolage as my conditioner for a couple years. I think it detangles well but it wasn’t quite enough moisture on its own. Has anyone else tried it?
CaliforniaJade,9chc0x,"Hormones.  Your hair is what it is now.  Seems to be the nature of curly hair, never exactly the same twice.  "
radical_radish55,9chc0x,"How do i get my tight and hard afro-y hair back? Its too soft and not as curly anymore.&&&Back when i was a kid i had these awesome superhard curls that when theyd grow long look like i have dreadlocks.

Fast forward to middle school time i wanted to make my hair straight and combable so id regularly shampoo it as much as i could and comb it for up to hours on end. it used to take me 3 years like this until i could KINDA comb my hair because the comb would always get stuck in my hair cause it was super resistant, and i had a really bomb afro of super tight and frizzy curls (thats how i actually love it, i dont like very defined curls).

So i did that for 5 years straight and had my hair cut some times in and it eventually grew to have the back be pretty much STRAIGHT like a line and my front be wavy.

Since i turned 17, close to 18 i learned to appreciate my natural afro-y curls again. so i stopped combing alltogether, read up some stuff learned about how bad silicone shampoos and such are and for about almost 2 years now i guess ive been washing my hair as much as i could with natural shampoo and for half a year now ive been washing my hair everyday only with water. When i was young i had a full afro cause i never  cared about looks but now i do and i shave my sides completely and leave the top up.

My curls have come back mostly especially around the front and back, but the sides and top have become very problematic as they get about twice as uncurly as my front and back hair. id say back then i had a full head of 3c / 4a curls and now i get 3c curls around the front and back if im lucky and 3a curls on the sides and around the middle part of my head. im not sure if its because i have no hair on the sides to support these parts (might be a bad cut?) or if i possibly outcombed my curls and they just cant grow anymore like they used to? and what i also dont like is how weak they are now. when theyre wet AND dry i can comb them straight with little resistance, when i was a kid and had my natural curls it was pretty much impossible to comb them even when they were wet. and when my hair is dry now, its very soft and fluffy like a girls hair, when i was a kid it was extremely dry and hard and ""spongy"" i guess? dam i miss my old afro hair. i could wear helmets for like half a day and it would puff right back up into an afro. nowadays if i wear as much as a hat they get straightened down like 2 curl type levels atleast. any advice on what to do? im thinking of going back to how i used to wash my hair as a kid with those sulfate silicon shampoos but im not sure if that would just further destroy my curls.

or maybe its my hair length? i cut it a second time after going natural a few days ago and it seems whenever i cut them short they get less curly and the more they grow the curlier they get. i had extremely long hair when it was like this and my hair now is much shorter. but i feel like its more than just that."
RomyReptile,9ch7ka,Feeling the curls today&&&&&&My usual routine is - Condition with Shea Moisture Curl Conditioner twice a week. I apply Jamaican Black Castor Oil & Argan Oil once a week and leave over night. After washing hair I usually just scrunch and plop for 20 mins. This style was done using Shea Moisture Leave In Conditioner.&&&It's mainly the women that comment how lucky I am lol and how they would kill for curls like mine. Dude's don't seems to care haha.
wildferalfun,9ch7ka,Looks fantastic. How often do you hear how lucky you are? My dad had hair longer than mine and my mom's for most of my childhood and people fawned all over him about his curls. Now my hair is long enough to sit on and people comment on the curls too!
emfer19,9cfy5w,"Best hair day in a while&&&&&&Routine:

Lately: been deep conditioning pretty regularly for a while now but summer and swimming really dried out my hair so I had done a protein deep condition and followed the next two days with moisture deep conditioning. 

&#x200B;

shower:

thoroughly soak with water

deva curl no poo every 3-4 days

squish to condish with deva curl one condition daily

&#x200B;

after shower:

scrunch in plenty of light defining gel all over '

dont touch until fully dry

then scrunch out crunch and fluff roots"
swatchfox,9cfy5w,Sooo pretty! 😍
SnozberryWallpaper,9cftyb,"I can't speak for all curlies, but in my experience it's trial and error. And it doesn't really stop even if you've found great products because curly hair is temperamental and tends to be reactive to all the ways your environment changes. Hormones also play a role, and those are ever fluctuating too. I have mostly 3A curls and the gels I've come to love are ArcAngel by Devacurl and Biotera from Sally's. Clarifying as often as necessary with Cantu's sulfate free shampoo helps the products all work better in my case as well! 

Others swear by ECOstyler gel and L.A.Looks, but I've not tried those personally!&&&Should've asked also, what was the curl cream you ran out of and why wasn't it a home run? Might help to suss out your hair's preferences!

Edit: Reading comprehension dummy moment"
allofthespices,9cftyb,"Like the other commenter said, Ulta has a fantastic return policy if you don't like the product. Also, there are plenty of low-cost brands out there. I did a bunch of research on this subreddit and watched a bunch of videos before deciding what to buy. I would suggest starting with a leave-in and a hard hold gel. Great cheaper option for those two are the As I Am Leave In and the LA Looks Extreme Sport Gel. Once you figure out what your hair likes, you can start looking at adding in a curl cream or curl enhancing gel."
amandaunbidden,9cftyb,"The good thing about Ulta is that you can return the product if it doesn’t work for you. Even the small travel sizes. That’s often what I do. If I want to try something new, I buy it there and then just return it if I don’t like it. 

"
feisty_nerd,9cftyb,"I am a Deva Curl scared girl&&&I went into ULTA today to bite the bullet and finally replace the awful curl cream I already had. After looking at my options, I got really nervous. I've been on this sub for long enough to know that I have curly hair, but not frequently enough to figure out my curl type. 

I know my old curl cream (RIP) was okay but not perfect for my hair. At ULTA I finally confronted that there are so many options, but they are all so EXPENSIVE. I ultimately bought a Deva Curl light curl gel travel bottle (for $10 mind you) and I'm wondering how you guys decided what product from what brand would be right for you? I don't want to spend a huge amount of money on something I'm not sure is right for my hair. How did you make the decision?"
nemicolopterus,9cftyb,"This is exactly why we have the super cheap Quickstart routine! It links to a short list of products that are super cheap and easy to get.

You can find the cheapest (less than $12 for everything!), quickest, and most popular way to start here: https://www.reddit.com/r/curlyhair/wiki/beginner-routine

But Ulta is great because of their wonderful return policy! Just bring it back if you don't like it.

"
LemonMIntCat,9cf0fi,Omg you are like my hair style goals. Mine always looks so triangular instead of the nice rounded out shape. You said you cut your hair yourself but do you know kind of what that type of cut is called? 
Monochromaticmouse,9cf0fi,You look amazing! That cut is so perfect on you! Is there any way you could elaborate a tiny bit more for me? Your hair looks exactly like my boyfriends and he is still trying to figure out a routine that works...
SnozberryWallpaper,9cf0fi,"Super cute cut too!! Great definition for day 2, how do you wear it when you sleep? "
The_Great_Community,9cf0fi,"Day 2 hair was 🔥&&&&&&I totally just creeped you and we have very similar curls! 😍 I LOVE YOUR HAIR COLOR! &&&Hair routine:   
I stopped using shampoo almost entirely  (but every once in a while my skin condition flares up, so I use pine tar soap in it)  
I started using Renpure conditioner, I start with the bamboo coconut water in the shower, and then rinse it almost completely out. I then use the tea tree & lemon sage as leave in conditioner. &&&It's makeup hahaha. I use fenty foundation and I live for it!! I highly recommend it!&&&Thanks! Cut it myself! ☺
I'm bad, and I just leave it be. When I wake up I go and sprinkle some water on it and shake my head around. 😬&&&I'll try my best! &&&I don't know what it's called, sorry! :( I know it's considered textured??? I'm not a hairstylists. I wish I could help more. :(( "
Toopster906,9cf0fi,Can u post a pic of the back sometime?
honeydonut,9cf0fi,your haircut and curls are too cute! 
idkbrogan,9cf0fi,You hair is gorgeous and your skin is FLAWLESS. Teach me your ways
janetplanet,9cf0fi,"Damn, you are just too freakin' adorable! Very '80s, retro -  this is almost the exact hair I had in my senior photo. (Yes, I'm *old!*)"
missesmistyeyed,9cf0fi,You're gorgeous! You look like a doll! And those curls! Oh my I'm jealous 
ExistentialAmbiguity,9cex94,Ooh
kitkat388,9cex94,Your hair is lovely! And with such a great part—how do you preserve that while plopping overnight? Plopping even a little bit makes my curls go every which way. 
mimomuma,9cex94,"Looks great!! I have a similar hair type but not as tamed yet, do you dry walking around a bit before sleeping or you you plop right before bed? My mom always said not to sleep with wet hair but I wanna try it!&&&Will give it a try!, also how often do you wash your hair? I’m new around here and have always gone for daily shower to get rid of gel/mousse, unsure if there is a way to not wash daily and keep it in shape?&&&Will try it all, nough time trying to get this under control 💪🏼"
sillymonkeyhead,9cex94,"About a month in! Really starting to love the results.&&&&&&Routine: Wash with Shae Moisture Low Porosity shampoo (about once per week) and then squish to condish with Shae Moisture Low Porosity conditioner. Wring out hair and comb through with fingers, then and add a lot of Wetline Extreme gel while hair is still wet, mixing the gel with a bit of water to distribute more evenly. Plop overnight and diffuse in the morning, then scrunch out the crunch! &&&Thank you! I usually shower in the evening specifically so I can go to bed with my hair wet-- I'll plop immediately after I add product and usually go to bed within the hour, but I sometimes am up and around for a bit longer. I've heard that you shouldn't sleep with wet hair as well, but I'm a rebel and have been going to bed with my hair wet for years and haven't had any issues! 😀&&&I usually wash about once a week. My hair doesn't naturally get too oily, and I've find that leaving the product in my hair for a few days doesn't give me any problems. I just add some extra water and product to my hair in between wash days to refresh if needed, or sometimes will co-wash (wash using conditioner only). Other times I'll just put up my hair or wear a hat. 

When I first started CG and was just co-washing with the Tresemme conditioner that they recommended my hair was getting SUPER oily. After I realized that my hair was low porosity I was able to switch to a lighter product and the difference is night and day. I suggest doing some research and experimenting and you'll be able to find something that works for you! "
Curly_Edi,9cevye,"Hair victory at a wedding yesterday! The first photo is after the 12 hour party. The second is during the party. My hair behaved wonderfully!&&&&&&I used shea moisture curl shampoo. I used lots of tresseme botanique conditioner, applied by praying  hands, combed and then I did rake and shake for the first time. I used curl scrunching jelly, applied by scrunching. I plopped, diffused most of the way. Then air dried. I scrunched out the crunch after I had the dress on. "
dncewzl,9cef4q,"First Trim After Going CG... Yikes!&&&http://imgur.com/a/DyWwrdr

Pic #1 - How I left the salon... Yikes that face! 

Pic #2 - I tired to fix it. Looks better but still too wispy and no clumps

Pic #3 - How I style it on the regular ;)

My stylist is my sister in-law and I love her dearly. However I'm too passive to try and tell her how I want my hair to be done. After all, she is supposed to be a the expert on hair. I tried to hint at a couple of things like heat and product ingredients but she didn't get my subtleness. 

She used a hair brush on it before washing while it was dry. OUCH. I turned into a pile of fluff. Used sulfates and silicones while washing. While styling she raked waaaay too much and then used full heat to blow dry. Whoa frizz!

I've been going to her for years when I dyed my hair and wore it straight everyday. I typically love how it turns out, but clearly a problem here with the curls....

Just a bit of a vent / how well I know how to style my own hair now!"
julesforcoffee,9cedns,"Wash day worse than refresh day..? Info posted below.&&&&&&Hair type (as currently appears): low porosity 3B/3A/2C ok, so I’m actually really new to having curly hair. I’ve had straight hair with body all my life and at the start of the year it slowly started to change curly (of corse I didn’t know what was happening for a long time, I just started out wild and with more body at the roots). I’ve tried treating it curly a few times in the past without much luck as it was still straight and curly mixed. Finally it’s mostly curly and wavy so I’ve been learning and working at treating it curly for about 3-4 weeks. It continues to curl and some of the wavy bits are now curling at the root. Twice now it has been more curly and better on the second day after a refresh than on wash day. Trying to figure out why and what to do about it. 
Wash  day: wash with DivaCurl no poo. Condition with divacurl one original conditioner, separating hair into three sections and raking through, then working conditioner into roots by raking all hair. Then turn upside down and squish/scrunch in. I let this sit a few minutes. I’ve started rinsing the conditioner out with warm water instead of cold because I’m trying to figure out how to help my low porosity hair. I try to rinse 95% of the conditioner out. 
Then I flip back upside down and with dripping wet hair I scrunch in divacurl styling cream, (previously I would also scrunch in a little divacurl frizz-free volumizing foam next and I think it was a mistake to not do it this last time as it normally would be less frizzy and more defined if I used it) then coat the outside of my hair in divacurl ultra defining gel and scrunch that in.
I then scrunch and hold sections with a microfiber towel to get excess water absorbed. 
Hair air dries for a few minutes then I defuse every section on low blow and medium heat for 30 seconds then 10 seconds on low temperature. Defusing from ends or hair to root.
It air dries from there. I might hit a few seconds a little more with the defuser that takes forever to dry. 
I then scrunch out the crunch with a microfiber towel.

I Sleep on a silk pillow cloth and have hair in a pineapple except back under layer that is too short. 

Refresh: use a spray bottle of water to get hair wet, then use divacurl foam coating the outside of hair then using more frizz-free foam and scrunching it in. I defuse like before but less time per section probably 20 seconds then 8-10 seconds. Then I’ll uses little of the divacurl hairspray and if I need to I’ll spray devacurl detangle spray on my fingertips and smooth over the top of my hair to smooth frizz down. 

I know not everyone is a fan of divacurl but I thought I would stick with one brand to get started and learn as this is all new to me and my hair seems to continue to evolve. When I get an understanding of my hair I’ll experiment with other brands and products.  Also, any tips on how to get that front section of curls that curl into my face cut would be nice, getting a devacut in a few weeks which should help a lot of issues. "
Curly_Edi,9ce71e,r/CurlyhairUK has a product list. You can find it in the pinned post on the main page of the sub.
IanWane112,9ce71e,"Seeking guidance on where to start!&&&Hi! I'm a male living in the UK and I'm looking to start a routine soon. Problem is I have no idea which products to use or where to get them (I've always taken a more relaxed approach towards my appearance...) so I'm looking for any help/suggestions regarding which clarifying shampoo to purchase, which conditioners would be good to start with, where to buy them and any general tips and pointers you could offer. I'm willing to splash out little on good products if it's a difference of a few extra pounds for quality, but I'm sure we're all looking for a bargain! I know already my hair DESPERATELY needs a trim but I feel it's about time I stopped trying to fight the locks' natural way. Thank you, everyone! :)&&&Thank you! Much like the hair game, I am also not very apt at the reddit game just yet. Much obliged :)"
LastOfTheMoohanicans,9ce59f,"It could be your pillow - cotton/linen can absorb the natural oils your hair produces at night, making it dryer and more brittle; as well as being a course material that could be causing breakage through friction when you turn in the night. Try a silk or satin pillowcase, wrapping your head in a silk scarf, a silk lined cap or even the gusset from a pair of cut off pantyhose for a few weeks and see if that helps."
emfer19,9ce59f,"frizz can be caused by lots of things: if the strands need moisture, if you touch it a lot while it dries or after its dried, if the styling products are applied evenly, completely or sufficiently, etc. so it can really very as to whats causing ur frizz"
furbal123,9ce59f,"Still have frizzz. I bought the entire line of Deva Cur products and am using them as directed from everybody on this subreddit. Still have a halo of frizz.&&&&&&Alright so I shampoo my hair about every 3 to 4 days with the Deva shampoo and conditioner. I make sure that I don't rinse out the entire amount of conditioner. While still in the shower with my head upside down, I apply the Deva gel throughout my hair making sure it's evenly distributed.  After using the gel, I then apply the coconut curl Styler super cream same way as I do the gel. After applying the product, I put my hair in a microfiber towel. I go ahead and apply facial moisturizer, make up, etc.  Then I blow dry my hair mostly upside down, with a diffuser until about 80% dry. You can't see in the photo but I just have this Halo of frizz everywhere. It's like my curls almost look Cotton-bally,if that makes any sense.  &&&Good idea I'll go ahead and get a silk wrap and pillowcase see which one works best for me. That's a great idea I didn't think of that.&&&I'm hoping to have an appointment with somebody that specializes in Deva Cuts. Hoping they can look at my hair and give me an idea. I do get my hair highlighted quite a bit and I'm wondering if it's just the price I'm going to have to pay for having blonde hair."
nemicolopterus,9ce59f,"1. Your hair actually doesn't look too frizzy here. I know sometimes pictures don't capture things, but this is looking pretty good.
2. Can you go into more detail about exactly what you're doing? I know you said ""as everyone recommends"" but there are a ton of different techniques, so maybe we can help troubleshoot if you give more detail!
3. DevaCurl doesn't work for everyone: I usually try to recommend different products as a last resort, but let me know specifically which products you're using and I might be able to help there too!"
134282,9ce46w,"Holy crap, this is *so* adorable!"
Jessica_Iowa,9ce46w,"Woah I never thought to spray my hair on non-wash days. I’m going to have to try that. 

(Side note- my waves are fun but hair that goes “boinggggg” sounds like fun too.)

Edit: Misspelled that"
Quantum-Enigma,9ce46w,That’s ad💜rable!
SeventeenWatermelons,9ce46w,"I was having the shittiest day and this made me laugh or fucking loud at work. Thank you so much for this post, it’s so wholesome and cute"
arsenicswimmingpool,9ce46w,THIS IS SO CUTE WHAT 
astralairplane,9ce46w,Awwwwww
bikesboozeandbacon,9ce46w,I’m about to start a heart baby hair trend. Who’s in? 
cec-says,9ce46w,"Most of the time I love my curls. And sometimes, they send a little love back... :)&&&&&&No YOU’RE cute you adorable thing you! &&&pou- i mean routine;

Shampoo, conditioner, comb with conditioner, rinse, add more conditioner, plop with turbietwist, pray to the inventer of the turbietwist, add more conditioner and curl creme (Matas brand - it's a danish thing I guess?), air dry. Fluff for maximum curl volume.

On non-wash days - spray with a a water/conditioner mix, add more conditioner and curl creme. Air dry. Spend ridiculous amount of time pulling on curls going ""boinggggg"".

&#x200B;

&#x200B;&&&🙋🏽‍♀️&&&Aww I’m happy to have made you smile! Sending you lots of positivity!!&&&Haha nope just a lucky curl and angle and me for once not shrieking in fear when seeing my reflection in the phone screen ;) only editing is a bit of Instagram filtering!&&&Awww that makes me real happy! &&&You’re cute too! ☺️&&&Aww my hair is blushing ☺️&&&You’re adorable! Look at that smile! ☺️&&&I'm pretty sure it modelled it after you, you sweet potato you!"
cuterus-uterus,9ce46w,This is so cute! You are so cute! Your hair loves you and that is cute!
friscococksucka,9ce46w,Most adorable thing I've seen all day 
gliz4,9ce46w,"Wait, you are Danish too?? What shampoo and conditioner do you use? I've been looking for something good here that I can buy in matas!"
jo_in_teeoh_16,9ce46w,Talk to me about this mysterious “water and conditioner mix”!
minniesnowtah,9ce46w,"Hi to those visiting us from /r/all and /r/popular!

We are a kind sub dedicated to embracing and bringing out the best in our curly hair. :) Please keep your comments positive and hair-related or they will be removed! (Also, please report rule-breaking comments -- it's anonymous and helps a lot.)

If you have curly hair yourself and would like to start your own curly journey, we have tons of resources for you to check out, including:

* our [wiki](http://www.reddit.com/r/curlyhair/wiki/index)

* the sidebar (""community info"" tab on mobile)

* a weekly ""no stupid questions"" thread stickied ([most recent one here](https://www.reddit.com/r/curlyhair/comments/9bjgmn/the_weekly_no_question_is_dumb_thread_aug_30_2018/))

Wishing you many wonderful hair days!"
papaayaa,9ce46w,I’ve never seen something that adorable! 
redneckgymrat,9ce46w,This isn't photoshopped?!  Wow!
saucy_mcsauceface,9ce46w,r/fakealbumcovers 
something_something8,9ce46w,/r/RedditGetsDrawn 
emfer19,9cdtwd,"I believe in you!! I'm 7 years into learning how to manage my curls and i stilll have rough days where I slightly revert

&#x200B;"
foodporns,9cdtwd,"It’s been a 21 year journey, but it’s getting there&&&&&&Current routine: 
Wash every other day with DevaCurl NoPoo
Condition with DevaCurl One Condition (original) and detangle in the shower with comb or fingers 
Rinse most of conditioner out but leave in a bit 
Add DevaCurl Styling Cream after scrunching water out of hair and lightly drying with towel (not always CG approved)
Flip hair upside down and comb lightly with fingers to make sure product is distributed evenly and then air dry 

Thanks so much to this subreddit for all the advice! This is my hair after only 2 CG approved washes. It’s significantly more defined and feels incredibly better than before! 

Cheers "
hifivicky,9cdgny,"So Simple! Suave Co-wash and Flax Seed Gel!&&&&&&new almost effortless routine:  Suave essentials co-wash every few days followed by gobs of home made flax seed gel gently scrunched into sopping wet hair.  soak up excess with tee shirt.  air dry or diffuse.  when dry,  shake my head like a doggy. THAT'S IT.  refresh with water & more flax gel between co-washes.

after months of trying all sorts of CG products and maneuvers, turns out this is all I need.  can't wait til my hair grows out and I can go full-on Lillian from Kimmie Schmidt!!&&&just bring about a cup of water to boil with maybe 1/4 cup flax seed. stir often, turn it to simmer. stir a few minutes until it gets kind of like slimy frothy egg whites. the recipes I see on the internet say to strain the mixture thru the foot of a nylon stocking (or I suppose a knee high) into a bowl. I use an olde tymey sifter bc it has a very fine mesh and the opening fits exactly over the short glass jelly jar I keep the gel in. i add a few drops essential oil (lemon grass, tea tree, lavender right now). store in the fridge. so easy! 
oh also you can save the seeds and actually reuse them! &&&online sources say 2 weeks but mine ran out within a week and I just made more today.  
what i love about it is that there's not a hard gel cast to break. and I can add a little more with my fingers to get persistently fuzzy bits to form ringlets around my fingers. also it seems to hold pretty well overnight. I wake up and literally just splash water and a little more flax gel.  and of course the real bonus is that it's dirt cheap. "
onegrumpymama,9cdgny,Omg yes Lillian 😂
vickyswackies,9cdgny,Really interesting! Could you give us the flax gel recipe? &&&Amazing! For how long does it keep? 
