index,id,comments
SolidSpruceTop,7yk96s,Some people have issues with Devacurl. I'm not super happy but I'm still learning it. Do you clip your hair up after plopping? I get WAY more volume when I clip
nemicolopterus,7yk96s,I can barely see your hair in either picture but you should do what makes you happy!
renfairesandqueso,7yk96s,"My first week on DevaCurl and I kind of don’t like it...&&&[before and after DevaCurl](https://imgur.com/gallery/ajrxe)

I bought a DevaCurl sampler for an upcoming vacation and I don’t think I like it very much. While I see a lot more definition, my volume is GONE. Am I using too much product? Not enough? The wrong type? Getting too zealous with my scrunching and applying too close to the root? I’ve also noticed my hair is much frizzier on DevaCurl. The curls themselves are tighter, but I see more errant hairs than I used to. Previously, my hair was wavier with less frizz. 


I have 3B curls and my hair was air dried in both pictures. It is very thin and can’t hold very much product. Obviously, the outdoor one (GO ROYALS) is before, using OGX shampoo and R&Co mousse; the indoor one (GO RILLAS) is after, using DevaCurl and Living Proof mousse. 


The LP mousse is growing on me, honestly, so I really hope it isn’t that! Any help is welcome! &&&I don’t clip it - I didn’t know that would matter... I will have to try it!"
Anxious_spro,7yjvqn,"my hair came back much curlier than it originally was. It was so damaged before that it didn't have the same curl structure, so shaving it brought back the curls I had before finding out what a straightener was. but the shaving didn't ""change"" my hair, just get rid of the damage."
ShamalamaDayDay,7yjvqn,I shaved my head two years ago for a cancer fundraiser. Curly/wavy to my shoulders. It has grown back exactly as it was before. 
fuzzy_nate,7yjvqn,"Is the rumor true about shaving your head?&&&Is the rumor true that if you shave your head it will grow back straight, or at least straighter? Has anyone experienced this?&&&Good to know thanks for the reply!
"
xcupcakekitten,7yjvqn,No. Shaving does not change your hair type or genetics. It wont change when it grows back unless the shape of your follicle changes. That tends to occur when people go through chemo or as they age. 
jennyfromtheavenue,7yjpb6,"Sorry I’m late, but I suffer with this exact same problem too! I use Deva’s shampoo for wavy hair every day or every other day, and if I’m looking to extend my style sometimes I’ll double shampoo, which helps a little. Still looking for a better solution though!"
suhmanthuhox,7yjpb6,"Anyone else deal with greasy hair almost immediately after hair dries?&&&I have curly hair that leans more towards wavy, and it is pretty long. I’ve noticed in the past year or so (after I stopped taking spironolactone, not sure if it’s related) that it gets greasy very soon after I wash my hair (mostly in the back) and I’m not sure what I’m doing wrong. I use Shea moisture weightless shampoo and conditioner, taking great care to make sure it washes out completely, and I probably wash my hair about three times a week? And typically one time of the week I use deva curl buildup buster instead of shampoo, but I don’t even use any other products so I’m not totally sure if that’s helping or not. I almost always air dry my hair and just leave it down. Any suggestions? &&&I’ve honestly tried several different things to combat this, but I tried the weightless shes moisture because I thought that it would be the least likely to get gross in my hair. It was sorta successful at first but now I feel like it’s the same as all the other shampoos I’ve tried. &&&Do you feel like the double shampoo works? I feel like double shampoo goes against the curly girl method lol but it honestly might be the only way"
xcupcakekitten,7yjpb6,This happens to me too and. I haven't been able to find a fix. Maybe it's the shampoo we are using?
ChrisEvansBodyPillow,7yiuqq,What is co-washing? TIA
ClutterKitty,7yiuqq,New to this sub and trying to figure out how to own my curls instead of wearing a bun every day. I keep reading “plop” in everyone’s routine. What is that? 
ErrantWhimsy,7yiuqq,"Oh my god, your hair color is glorious!"
bellellell,7yiuqq,"Curls and sunshine!&&&&&&Today I co-washed with the As I Am co-wash and deep conditioned with Shea Moisture’s Plantain and Yucca Strengthening Masque. I play around with what I use to cleanse and condition my hair in the shower, but my post shower routine currently is Curls Blueberry Bliss Leave in and then a mix of Devacurl’s Ultra Defining Gel and Got2b ultra glued (I put a little of this because it has polyquat 69 which really helps with shine and hold no matter the humidity). Then plop with a t-shirt for 15 minutes or so and air dry (unless it’s freezing, then I get some help from the diffuser :)). &&&Thank you! Red makes me feel more like me :) &&&That’s so kind of you, thank you!!! Tomorrow they might have a little bit of frizz but this sub has helped me realize my hair doesn’t have to be perfect to be pretty. &&&Thanks! It’s Majicontrast magenta red by l’Oreal. Basically red bleach, it’s amazing and so bright when I first do it. I only do it 4x a year, and in between I try to keep it vibrant with brights by Ion (whatever the red one is :)). &&&Haha don’t you dare! "
coexzt,7yiuqq,Oh my god as bad as it sounds I just want to touch your curls and run my fingers through them they looks so perfect and soft and shiny
nemicolopterus,7yiuqq,"What’s your deep conditioning process like? How long do you leave it on etc?&&&WOW gorgeous curls! They are so shiny and defined! So completely frizz free! So bouncy and wonderful!! I can't wait to read about your routine!&&&I know the sidebar can be hard to find on mobile! Here's the wiki: https://www.reddit.com/r/curlyhair/wiki/index

It's also linked in the stickied post on the first page, w/ other helpful stuff."
pahdumpadump,7yiuqq,"Oohh giirrll, you gotta tell me what color you're using. It's bomb."
thanxladies,7yiuqq,Speechless...
vampirepickle,7yiuqq,"Wow that's some curl envy right there!! 
I must admit I am a bit jealous-those curls are totally frizz free!!! 
Thanks for sharing the products you use, can't wait to try them out!!!"
2020two,7yismu,"His hair both color and curls look a lot like my son's when he was this age . He's now 20 and has very curly hair as a adult . I cut his hair the first time at about 9 . When it was dry the spring like curls hit to lay on his shoulders but combed out wet his hair went half ways down his back . When he was real little I used kids detangler mixed with water 1 to 1 to deal with tangles and olive oil to get rid of frizzies . Stopped using shampoo when he was about 11 when I learned to just use conditioner to wash it and comb out ( with either a wide tooth comb ),while in the tub with a ton of conditioner in it , then rinse and blot dry . Then use kids gel and let air dry . A silk or satin pillow case cut down on sleep tangles so much . "
LindsE8,7yismu,"Help! Mom of toddler with curls&&&I have wavy hair but haven’t had to deal with curls like these (don’t get me wrong, I love them!). One parent is black/Hispanic, one is white. The front few strands are a bit straighter, he lets me curl them around my fingers when wet, the mid-section is curly, and back is tight curls. We have not had a first haircut yet (I’m terrified the curls won’t come back). Currently wash approx 3x/week and use Shea curling cream on it each morning. What else do I need to do so he can keep these and get all the ladies when he’s older??
Trying to post imgur link below but it’s my 1st time posting a pic here. 

https://imgur.com/a/v1IB0

&&&Awesome! How often do you wash? In the morning we just spray it with water to help with frizz from sleeping- wonder if I need to get a satin/silk pillowcase?&&&Thank you!"
chanmarsan,7yismu,Hi there! I am the same mix as your baby. I would try and of the Miss Jessie products or Mixed chicks products. Or even Just a good leave in conditioner. Finger comb the curls and voila. Let them air dry. 
16ams17,7yi3wf,This gives me so much hope for my hair!!
Chesney_bear,7yi3wf,Beautiful! I have my first devacut on Tuesday and I am SO EXCITED!
allr0cksgotoheaven,7yi3wf,routine?
ayimera,7yi3wf,"First deva cut for thin 2b. Very happy, I always regret bangs though!&&&&&&Aw thanks! It's my natural color :)&&&I definitely want to pick up the Devacurl no-poo and conditioner (original). For now I'm using the Shea Moisture coconut water line, it's specifically for thinner hair and is pretty lightweight. I also want to try the Devacurl leave-in conditioner while I go through the rest of my SM stuff. I've been using the Devacurl styling cream for awhile now. It's not too heavy and isn't crunchy at all, I really like it.&&&This was straight from the salon, I will probably suck at replicating it lol. But she dry cut my hair and used Devacurl no-poo and condi. After the wash, she said she left a little conditioner in and had me flip my head over to squeeze out the water. She put a little Devacurl styling cream in and then sat me under a diffuser dryer. She left the bangs curly but I went home and straightened them because they were driving me nuts!"
dorkvader_,7yi3wf,Your curls look great! I love your glasses! What brand are they? Link? :)
ferrettrack,7yi3wf,Thanks for posting this!  I am also a thin 2b due to a cancer challange.  I am just wanting to best that I can be.  May I ask what products you are planning on using?  The chestnut glow you have is wonderful.
fuckinunknowable,7yi3wf,Lovely
joumanji1,7yi3wf,This looks so nice!! Also obsessed with your hair color!
locomotive-engineer,7yi3wf,"Beautiful hair, beautiful you!"
mapgal338,7yi3wf,Your hair is beautiful 
neverdieeasy34,7yi3wf,Very pretty
Phoencopterus,7yh0b4,"Don't stress too much about your curl pattern. Most people find that it changes with time if you start following the CG method, and many people have multiple curl types on their head.

I think you could really benefit from some more aggressive conditioning and maybe try a gel. Have you seen the beginner routine? It's stickied at the top of the page. The basic idea is to do one last clarifying shampoo and then go conditioner-only for a while to see how your hair responds. You might be surprised how much curl appears after a few weeks!"
atbestatbestatbest,7yh0b4,"Need help determining type of curl!!&&&&&&Thanks for the advice! I will definitely try that out! I’m just now starting to appreciate my curls after years of flat ironing it, so any advice is great advice :)&&&I use OGX damage control shampoo and conditioner about twice a week, with every other wash using the shampoo. After I add a little bit of Argan oil and a hair treatment from Lush to my wet hair, and though it makes my hair smooth, it doesn’t do much to help my curls. I’m on the lookout for products to make my curls stand out! "
Thegardenboi,7yggr5,Feelin funky fresh! Love the curly girl method! Where my type 3 sistas at??&&&
minniesnowtah,7yggr5,Hey! Can you please share your routine with us (rule 2) so the sub can learn from your success? We require this for all selfies. Thanks!
ayshasmysha,7ygb3b,How to wear your hair when working out?&&&Hey everyone! I have 2c/3a porous hair that is close to my tailbone in length. I have no idea how to deal with it in the gym. At the moment I pin it back while I do weights and hope I don't sweat too much and when I run I plait it which ruins my curls. How do you guys cope?&&&I had no idea what spin pins were until now. I'm going to give them a go. Thank you! I can never tie my hair in a high ponytail as the weight drags it down within minutes of normal activity. Nevermind running! I don't like to tie it tight either as I'm worried about losing hair by my temples. This spin pins look amazing though. I'm definitely going to give them a try!
bbyasian,7ygb3b,I have 3a hair that goes to my mid-thigh. I put my hair in a high ponytail with a scrunchie or a creaseless hair tie then twist it into a bun and secure it with spin pins. It stays through a run and doesn’t make my hair tangled
nemicolopterus,7yg6nh,"Coconut oil is solid at room temperature. If it's colder than that, it may become solid in your hair. You can try other oils like Argan, jojoba, or even olive for a different experience.

Let me know if you have other questions!"
starfoulard,7yg6nh,"3a, not much volume&&&I use tresemme botanique coconut conditionner, lovea coconut shampoo (sulfate/silicone free), some coconut oil and let my hair air dry.  What can I do about volume ?
Also, why does coconut oil make my hair hard on a cold weather ?&&&Thank you so much for your answer. 
I know silicones are bad for hair, but what do they actually do ? Do they make your hair dull or frizzy or only cause buildup? I just bought this styler which containes amodimethicone and thought i could use it and clarify my hair later."
-Kuroyasha-,7yfzvd,"My manager insists that as a guy, I must have short hair. My curls beg to differ&&&&&&I honestly agree with you, I'm also going home to see my family soon and might have an internship so a trim is inevitable &&&'conditioner' of employment hahahaha. But no it isn't just personal opinion, we've got females working with equally long hair so if it was, it would be quite sexist. &&&For those who care: OGX conditioner+leave-in every 3 days thats all"
ItsMe_RhettJames,7yfzvd,You just need to tame it and make it look presentable. At least for work. Do whatever you want with it when your off the clock.
PsyJ-Doe,7yfzvd,"I agree a nice haircut will make a difference.  You don't have to make it all short and boring, just give it form. Like shortening it on the nape and sides"
SolidSpruceTop,7yfzvd,Just get a nice devacut! You have good length so there's a billion styles you can go with!
gammonaddict,7yfzvd,What do you mean by 'insists'?  I hope it's not a conditioner of employment!
cre8ngjoy,7yf4u4,"I tried just regular aloe gel, and I was pretty happy with that. But I’m going to try the one you recommend. My hair is long like yours and about the same curls structure, just not nearly as thick.

My hair gets really dry if I’m not careful, so I use a cowash and rinse it. Then I have been using the Twisted Sister leave in conditioner because I have it. I lightly rinse some of it out.  I do that because my hair is thin and fine and unless I rinse some out, I just think it’s too heavy. Then I’ve been using a curling cream (also from Twisted Sista) and letting it air dry. 

I wear my hair mostly in a big spring clip ponytail. I work from home, so I’m not as concerned about how it looks every day. I am also in my 60s. When I was growing up, there just weren’t any products. So I’ve been doing some experimenting now with the help of this group."
i2livelife,7yf4u4,Do you condition? Have you tried leave in?
jellybeanpie,7yf4u4,How strong is the hold? Looks great!
jiggyhal,7yf4u4,"5 dollar aloe gel works better for this mane than any of the expensive products I’ve tried. Score.&&&&&&It’s called Fantasia IC hair polishing gel, and it’s in a tub on the bottom shelf of any grocery or drug store ever. &&&Thank you!! It’s super lightweight which is why I like it, so the hold isn’t suuuper strong, but the shine it creates is ridiculous &&&I’ve never really done leave in, just cus I don’t know any products. Some tips would be awesome!! I usually just use argon oil shampoo and treseme luxurious moisture in the shower &&&Exactly!!"
kinderheim511,7yf4u4,Love you!
pmichel,7yf4u4,I love using aloe as gel. It holds but leaves my hair soft instead of crunchy
Spooky_28,7yeeao,"First day after straightening for six years and a huge success thanks to this sub - thanks guys!&&&Ok so no pics but I’m SO happy with my hair! I studied the beginner wiki and read countless posts and watched what felt like a hundred YouTube videos and I love my having my wavy hair back. I followed all of your tips and advice and I just wanted to pop in to thank you all!&&&Let’s see, routine...silk pillowcase, pineapple, DivaCurl no-poo, cream, and gel, micro fiber towel, don’t touch hair, no heat diffuser, I’ve forgotten a million steps. It seemed to take forever to dry but it smells and feels great!"
nemicolopterus,7yeeao,We’re so happy for you!!! Glad it was helpful :) good luck and enjoy!
