index,id,comments
ktothebo,7tpw12,Devacurl Delight Low Poo might work.
xcupcakekitten,7tpw12,"Shampoo help! Dry/itchy scalp, greasy roots, wavy, thin, frizzy hair.&&&So I've been trying to find a shampoo that's best for my hair. Every shampoo that is supposed to help curls is too heavy and greasy. And every normal shampoo I've tried makes my waves flat and lifeless. 

I'm really at a loss and have zero ideas. 

Also I'm allergic to coconut oil. 

Any suggestions to help enhance my waves/curls but won't irritate my scalp?"
SummerEden,7tpnct,"Nizoral shampoo was a game changer for me. 

I’m in Australia and use Moo Goo conditioner and shampoo as well and it seems to control it fairly well, but if I go too long between washes the dandruff builds up again. "
emphasis394,7tpnct,"Getting rid of dandruff without damaging curls and scalp?&&&I have really thick 3b hair, and I have ALWAYS suffered from dandruff. I don't think my scalp is dry, when i scratch my head it actually feels wet and oily (and my dandruff is white and also a yellow color sometimes and feels clumpy). I am super hesitant using head and shoulders because a lot of people say it doesn't work. It's always been so bad and i want to cure it so i don't feel self conscious. I use Deva Curl Decadence no poo and conditioner. This problem is definitely not product buildup either. Could really use some advice!"
loverink,7tpnct,Nizoral and an internal probiotic might help. 
nemicolopterus,7tpnct,Can you see a dermatologist? My dandruff went away with the products they suggested and never came back. 
RNSW,7tph27,"I'm not sure what exactly is going wrong, by reading what you wrote. Is it frizzy, dry, puffy, what are you unhappy with?"
jeepbrahh,7tph27,"M, Wavy Hair, no idea how to cut or style&&&Guy here. I have strange hair. Its not really straight, and its not really curly. Its a weird, thick, wavy, in-between kind of hair. Its straighter at the roots, at the ends it gets curly/wavy. Ive used wax, and pomade mostly to style, but my hair never ends up looking how I want it. I dont know how I should keep it cut.  So Im looking for advice on A. Styling products, and B. How to get it cut.


I like to keep my hair a medium length. It currently is about this length, just no where near looking that good. 

- https://www.menshairstylestoday.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/12/Wavy-Hairstyles-For-Men-2-Wavy-Hair-Long.jpg

IDEALLY, I'd like to be able to have hair like the picture above most of the time, slightly messy, some volume to it, playful. But Id also like the one below, a more refined, cleaner version.

- https://i.pinimg.com/564x/75/83/82/75838284393f610f4b9f7f91ddf59190--mens-wavy-hairstyles-haircuts-for-wavy-hair.jpg"
AuroraBlue6,7tpeqn,"I believe that Pantene Beautiful Lengths does not charge, but it’s been a while since I’ve donated, so you should verify. "
JessieAnne83,7tpeqn,I’ve donated my hair twice to Pantene Beautiful Lengths and I understood they didn’t charge as well. 
bc_I_said_so,7tpeqn,"Your hair isn't reallly long enough.
Here's an [article](http://www.businessinsider.com/donating-hair-to-charity-what-you-need-to-know-2016-12) to give you more insight, though.

"
touchygrandpa,7tpeqn,"I’ve been growing my hair out for about two years and I’m wanting to donate it towards the end of this year. Does anyone know of any good charities that don’t charge for wigs?&&&&&&I’ve heard Locks Of Love was a good one, but someone told me that they charge like $800? But I’ll definitely look into it. Thank you!"
GinjaSnap89,7tp4ma,"The best thing I ever did was switch my little lady to quality sulfate free products, shiny perfect curls for days!"
acinomismonica,7tp4ma,"Conditioned my 8 month old daughter's hair for the first time!&&&&&&My daughter just turned 8 months old, her hair is similar to mine wavy /curly. I decided to do away with the Johnson and Johnson shampoo and conditioner her hair. Finger combed and gently scrunched dry. Already see her little waves and curls forming better than before. I'm determined to raise my daughter proud of her hair and know how to take care of them! "
Dratini91,7tom8e,"Hi!

I'm Norwegian too. I did not find any products available in grocery stores or in hair salons, so I opted for buying them at international websites. I recently started the CG method myself, so I don't know alot yet, but I found this site to be very useful to buy Shea Moisture products; [AllBeauty](http://www.allbeauty.com/no/en/brands/shea-moisture). If you have to pay MVA when you pick them up at the post office, just e-mail Allbeauty the receipt and they pay you back! :D


Some other sites that also can be of help:

[Bobbys](http://www.bobbys.no/kategori.php?kategori=9&subkategori=268), which is a Norwegian site (and a bit pricier, of course...)

[Afrokungen](http://afrokungen.se/shop/hair-care/), a Swedish site with alot of nice product lines and not-too-costly shipping.

and [iHerb](https://no.iherb.com/)

Hope you find what you are looking for!&&&By the way, Bobbys have a shop in Oslo, so if you live around that area, that is probably a great shop to visit!"
Ghaar-e-koon,7tom8e,"Products in Norway? Help&&&Hi guys! I was wondering if anyone knows about CG products that I can buy in Norway? I couldn't find anything on the CG list in Norway :(I thought I would ask before I order from abroad, because it can get a little expensive... For a student. :P) "
AuroraBlue6,7tmyso,"I use a leave-in conditioner and styling products while my hair is soaking wet and I’m still in the shower. 

I scrunch in the leave-in first, then my styling products. I scrunch them all in with my head upside down. Once it’s all scrunched in, I blot dry with an old t-shirt and air dry. Some people partially rinse conditioner out instead of using a leave-in and I’ve done that, but I’ve found it’s easier for me to control the amount and get consistent results of I use a leave-in after I wash my conditioner out. Often I use the same conditioner as my leave-in - I don’t buy a separate leave-in product, but you can do that if you prefer. 

I know some Cantu and Tresemme products have silicones and some don’t, so you may want to check your labels. You can also do some searches on YouTube or Google for the “squish to condish” method of using conditioner in the shower. "
IamBlackistani,7tmyso,"Hair gets really dry&&&How do I keep my hair moistened after I take a shower as well as curly. My hair gets dry really quick. I was wondering if maybe coconut oil will help, I also have garnier olive oil. My routine is I wash my hair either twice or one a weak with Cantu cream shampoo. I condition my hair twice a week with tresemme gentle hydration conditioner. I also have Cantu Leave-in conditioner as well as Cantu Coconut Curling cream and I don’t know when is the best time to use those products. I never really took care of my hair until now so I probably sound really naive right now.


I’m also a male with a mix of hair texture, see my dad has really kinky hair and a tight curl pattern but my mother has really curly hair (like Sayid from Lost) and a loose curl pattern. Right now my hair is short and is in the mix between those hair textures. What I want to know is if grew out my hair more and more will my curls go from really tight to more looser curls."
Misolover82,7tmb2d,"The black castor oil conditioner made my hair fall out too. I think if your hair isnt really dry, the mask builds up too much and makes hair fall out "
aheefas,7tmb2d,"Help! Hair fall after using Shea moisture black castor oil shampoo :(&&&I decided to do sulfate free and tried the  shea moisture black castor oil shampoo for the very first time and my hair is falling out like crazy. 
 
I haven’t been taking care of my hair for about a month, I used to oil my hair at least twice a week before and use a hair fall shampoo. Never experienced hair fall like this.

I’m worried. Did this happen to anyone else? &&&Oh, this might be the case. I haven’t been brushing my hair and showering much lately cause I have been sick.

I might have lost about 200-250 today. I used the shampoo yesterday and I didn’t loose any hair while showering it just started shedding today, when I combed my hair and applied oil. 

&&&I use castor oil and coconut oil on a regular basis. I’ll give it a few more tries and then switch to my regular shampoo "
nemicolopterus,7tmb2d,"Can you be more specific? It's normal to lose 100-125 hairs per day, and if you don't brush your hair they tend to all come out in the shower so it can look like a lot more. If you only shower 1x-2x a week this can be even worse....it's very unlikely that you have anything to be worried about."
xcupcakekitten,7tmb2d,"I'm not sure what is in that specific shampoo but I've used shea moisture's weightless shampoo and noticed my hair falling out excessively. I looked it up and other people had this problem too. 

I concluded that my hair was falling out because I'm allergic to coconut oil. 

Maybe you're allergic to castor oil or coconut oil if that's in this shampoo. I'd suggest using a different shampoo and see if it changes anything. "
AuroraBlue6,7tlfmp,"I use jojoba oil. It can be expensive, so sometimes I’ll blend with grape seed or sweet almond oil. I have a ton of argan oil from sales, so I add some of that, too. 

If you have an itchy scalp, you can add tea tree essential oil. Rosemary is also good. I eyeball my blends, but for tea tree oil you want a 10:1 ratio with 10 parts carrier oil(s) to 1 part tea tree or the tea tree can be too strong. "
br34kb34t,7tlfmp,"I make my own. I change things up every now and then, but it's usually a mix of olive oil, almond oil, and castor oil. I'll throw in some essential oils like peppermint (only a drop or two!), rosemary, or tea tree. I apply to my scalp first, do a short massage, then apply to my hair. Under a cap for about an hour, then cleanse and condition. "
gte510i,7tlfmp,"DIY Scalp oil/tonic&&&My favorite hair product of all time is eufora’s beautifying serum.  It was an oil that helped detangle and felt good on hair/scalp and dry skin.

I no longer go to the salon that sells it, plus it was very pricy.  Can someone point me in thr direction of some good diy recipes?
Right now, mostly for my winter-dry scalp.  Its itchy and flakey.
I have 3a/b curls.  
Currently wash routine (2ish per week)
Shea moisture shampoo (curl and shine)
Deva curl conditioner



"
LettuceJizz,7tkr2a,"yeah in pretty sure if I ever got to even Day 9, that'd be my hair Forever After.  At 6 days I can barely comb out my mop, and that's under huge amounts of detangling conditioner (and with significant time and effort). 

vive la difference! 

"
deathnwine,7tkr2a,"Day 12 hair... trying to get it to day 15!&&&&&&I can definitely do that! Though I will warm you it might be super boring xD the way it feels right now I could probably go another week. &&&If you're wondering how I get my hair to last so long without an actual wash... Well I've just never been one to wash my hair too often! I work out 4 days a week so when it gets sweaty I just add some water to it and... no, it doesn't smell bad or anything. 

I already posted my routine but basically wash once every ten days (or fifteen hah) with either Sante or Corpore Sano shampoo (sulfate free) and conditioner (also sulfate free). While it's still soaking wet I style it with coconut oil and a bit of mousse. Every morning I have to spray it with water or the bedhead is REAL. If I feel it's laying too flat on my head then I add some more coconut oil and a tiny bit of mousse and scrunch it. 

I'm trying to grow it out since my big chop :) 

Edit 1: clarification and spelling 

Edit 2: forgot to post what my first edit was so I added that xD"
psrthrowaway,7tkr2a,"Day 12? My day 2 is super bad for me, can't even imagine day 12, it'd be nightmare haha.

You have absolutely beautiful hair! Would love if you were to take a picture everyday and make a post here just before washing it again!"
RomyReptile,7tkgmp,"Been growing out my curls for awhile but have been using basic Conditioner. What is the best conditioner for my kind of curly hair?&&&&&&Oh that makes sense😂😂 Will try it, thanks man. &&&My usual routine is to condition it once a week with some basic condition. I use castor oil on it around once a week as well. That's about it. It has been feeling thinner these last few weeks.&&&See it was thick but these last few weeks it feels thin and light. People have been saying it looks thin. It is dry usually. "
br34kb34t,7tkgmp,"Use something without silicone. The silicone in conditioner prevents the hair follicle from opening and so prevents moisture from penetrating your hair. Silicone makes hair feel smooth, but it's just a coating. 

Use a shampoo with sulfates to get rid of the silicone, then start using a sulfate free shampoo in combo with a silicone free conditioner. "
nuclearoyster,7tkgmp,"I don’t think so! And the yogurt is to put in your hair, not to eat! Just don’t do it for too long or else it will make your hair like straw. &&&My individual hairs don’t knot so I can’t really say anything about that, but I know putting yogurt in your hair helps with hair loss.&&&Is your hair thick/dry?&&&You should check out the YouTube “curly penny”"
Irishsassenach,7tilzd,"I took about 4 inches off my hair and got bangs. I feel like I lost 10 pounds!&&&&&&I’m still figuring out the cut- I think I need some more layers added in when I go to get the trim. I wash with devacurl no poo and condition with one condition. Then I scrunch in LA looks gel, blot dry with a microfiber towel, and pin my hair up. I blow dry my bangs, brushing them all over after just a tiny bit of deva curl coconut curl cream. One they’re dry, I put all my hair except for my bangs, in a satin lined sleeping bonnet and go to bed. My bangs are under control but have the natural wave to them that I want, after sleeping on them. 

This picture was taken without doing my normal refresh on my hair so that’s why it looks a little crazy"
allr0cksgotoheaven,7tilzd,Looks awesome!! 
Summersmum,7tik5y,Looks CG friendly to me.
crowd-enchanter,7tik5y,"Approved?? - Pantene Pro-V 24 Hour Weightless Volume Gel Extra Strong Hold&&&I'm new to the CG method, and I just discovered the website that will automatically check ingredients for Curly Girl approval through this subreddit. What a life saver! I ran this product through, and it came back approved, but all except for one of the ingredient was in the ""unknown"" category. Does anyone have any insights?

Link: https://theonlinedrugstore.com/pantene-pro-v-fine-hair-style-gel-6-8-oz/"
nemicolopterus,7tik5y,(A lot of people look at this subreddit on their phones and if they have to click away to a link I'd guess you cut the likelihood that someone will reply by at least 80%. Consider pasting the ingredients in here to improve chances that someone will reply) (No question is dumb thread is good too: and there are some resources in the sidebar that might help you learn about the ingredients).
