index,id,comments
ImaCheeseMonkey,a6wn8r,"It doesn't have to be that way. Luckily now there are many conditioners without silicones in the drugstore that you could try! The Maui Moisture conditioners, Tresemme Botanique conditioner(the coconut one), Not Your Mother's Naturals conditioners, Love Beauty and Planet conditioners, etc. :)  LA Looks Sport Extreme gel is highly respected here(and SUPER cheap).   


Also know that hair porosity and climate has a LOT to do with some ladies having wonderful hair.  Normal porosity hair looks gorgeous. If you have low porosity hair, it doesn't let it moisture easily so it tends to be dry. High porosity(like mine) frizzes so easily because the cuticle is open to all moisture within the air. "
KareBexar,a6wn8r,Why not try the Beginners Routine?
Orbleck,a6wn8r,"Lol wut 

ON your hands and knees for 40 mins? Good God. I want nice hair but in no way am I that dedicated. 

I thought air drying for 8 hours was bad enough!&&&I want to believe that nice hair can be done with cheaper products and that my hair isn't lesser for what I use. As my hair doesn't like devs curl. It did for the first bit but by 1/3 Of the bottle my hair was like straw. (I was lucky and was given deva curl from a friend.) Thx low porosity!

But it's just far too expensive (that money can go for other better things. Like food.) and I just don't get the same results as everyone else. It's frustrating but Eh. At least my hair is soft again after switching back to cheaper drugstore CG products. On the plus side I can use lots and lots without feeling guilty!

And as the mods always say in the weekly threads it's more about technical application and knowing your hair than the products. ( a chant that must be said to the hair gods every wash day. Lol)

However I do think that as long as you are using CG products it is a Real routine. Try not to be so hard on yourself the world does that for you. C: 

Excuse me while I go make a goat sacrifice for a nice hair day in the near future. 

But yea I know how you feel and I'm glad someone else feels the same. I'm pulling for you curly haired friend. "
TheQuakerator,a6wn8r,"Every time I go on this subreddit, I see a gorgeous head of curly hair that makes me think ""that's it, it's time I started a real routine""&&&Then I look in the comments and it's ""ROUTINE: DevaCurl shampoo NoPoo no Shampoo Conditioner, then DevaCurl Conditioner NoCondish Shampoo, then DevaCurl Conditioner Shampoo, then Shea Organic Tea Tree Oil Conditioner, then blood sacrifice to Devacurl, then individually dry each hair with a microfiber towel, then scrunch and leave a shower cap on for two hours, and then it's 6AM and time to go to work!""

lmao. Another week of kinda frizzy curls it is. Store brand conditioner and air dry crew for life

edit: Upon reading this the day after, this sounded WAY too complain-y. I sincerely only wanted to poke fun at the fact that really excellent curls require excellent maintenance. I actually think my curls look pretty well-defined and where I want them most days (and other people do too), it's just that some days I see a post with someone who has the nicest, most-defined curls I've ever seen and I think ""all right, let's put the effort in!"" and then it invariably turns out that they use an arcane ritual.&&&Good call- refer to my edit, I actually am perfectly happy where I am. Beginner's routine is a great idea and I think I'll probably give it a whirl the next time I run out of product."
apomakrysmenophobia,a6wn8r,"It can work with the products you have. Haven't started on the CG road myself, but my sister uses an affordable shampoo bar, copious amounts of cheap-ass drugstore conditioner, and copious amounts of an even cheaper-ass hair gel and her hair looks really good. It doesn't even take her that long, but yeah, curly hair really is high-maintenance."
bhdreboot,a6wn8r,"Maybe I’m lazy (spoiler: I am) but I’ve never really experimented with adding stuff to my routine and I’m super happy with my hair and it’s easy af. 

I work out daily and am on the less curly end of the spectrum. I do NYM’s hibiscus and mango shampoo (pink bottle) and conditioner after my morning workout. While conditioner is in, I comb my hair. Flip my head over and scrunch out the conditioner. When I get out of the shower, I apply herbal essences totally twisted mousse by scrunching it in with my head upside down, then plop my hair with a T-shirt. After I’m ready for the day, I remove the T-shirt and air dry the rest of the way. If it looks a little crunchy, I’ll scrunch again when it’s fully dry. 

Once a month I wash with suave daily clarifying shampoo and follow up with a mask (using Shea moisture rn, also have Pacifica to try) and use a mask instead of my conditioner whenever my curls seem to look sad. 

Literally took me more time to type that out than it does to do my hair in the morning, aside from passive drying time. "
bluethreads,a6wn8r,"ahh hahaha- totally cracked me up!! So true, isn't it?  Dry each strand of hair with a microfiber towel, ahh hahahaha"
lonelysugarpine,a6wn8r,"Haha yep, it's either that or brands I don't support (tresume). I am tempted to just go back to the natural shampoos and conditioners from health food stores that I used when I used before wearing my hair curly. I just can't remember which ones I liked the best. I know some of them are on holy grail list but I'm scared of trying them out and if not working. The shea moisture stuff isn't working out for me and I can't afford the expensive stuff (devacurl, Jessicurl).. Feel lost right now. "
rosyppeachy,a6wn8r,I think the reality is that curly hair requires a lot of maintenance and most hair care products and general hair knowledge caters towards straight hair.  However I think some routines are a biy overkill (one time I saw someones routine involved being on their hands and knees for 40 minutes with their hair flipped over with a diffuser pointed at them lol) I think the beginners routine in this sub is quite useful if you want something a bit more simple. 
tcostuh,a6wn8r,"I found a super easy/low maintenance/not totally CG friendly but works for me routine! I shampoo with head and shoulders bc when I come back from the gym and just use conditioner my hair just doesn't feel clean and it works for me so whatever. Condition with VO5 conditioner which is $0.99. Squeeze hair once with a towel out of the shower so it's not sopping wet. Spray in the gold Pantene detangling, again probably not CG friendly. Quarter sized amount of LA looks blue gel, towel scrunch a few times, and boom!!

&#x200B;

My hair definitely isn't to it's full curl potential, but I just like my waves better and sometimes I just don't freakin feel like doing my hair for 3 days when it will get ruined next time I go to the gym or something. "
Chef_Baby,a6w3s9,"Time to switch products???&&&I’ve been using DevaCurl products for a while now (over a year) and my hair looked amazing. However about 5 months ago I moved to Hawaii and my hair hasn’t been the same. I use the no-poo, conditioner, ultra defining gel and coconut cream combination. My  curls are now super frizzy and dry... what are your recommendations? &&&Thanks! Is definitely less humid here than it is back home (Alabama). Maybe my hair just needs time to adjust, I also read something about protein treatments. Hopefully something will work :)&&&It is quite possible. How do you take care of your curls when you’re at home? "
catgirl1359,a6w3s9,"Could be the humidity, here's more info on that- https://www.naturallycurly.com/curlreading/wavy-hair-type-2/the-411-on-dew-points-humectants"
fictionalbandit,a6w3s9,It could be the water. I just figured this out with my hair. My curls always look better when I’m traveling - I have really hard water at home. 
BrunetteDyslexic,a6vrdh,"Thank god im not the only one! I also use all devacurl products and have the same routine. I have long, thick hair."
CurlyBeatz,a6vrdh,"Frizz even with wet hair! What am I doing wrong? Routine in comments.&&&&&&Used all deva curl products. Shampood with no poo. The used the one conditioner, rinsed it all out. On soaking wet hair, added 4 pumps total of decadence leave in. Followed by 4 pumps of coconut curl creme. Then ultra defining gel. (Sorry if names are wrong...don’t want to get up to look at bottles). Then I scrunched the excess water/product  with the deva microfiber towel. And am left with frizz on wet hair. What am I doing wrong? Finger untangled in the shower, no brush, didn’t mess with it. Even sprayed more water to make sure my hair was soaking wet when adding products. I Don’t get it. "
IcaMay,a6vrdh,"When my hair does this, I condition again and use a wide toothed comb. "
ImaCheeseMonkey,a6vrdh,"My fine curls do that if the curl is disrupted after I rinse. I will wet my hands and try to smooth the random hairs back into the nearest curl. You could use the praying hands method, but what I do is just grab a curl, wet my fingers and smooth it down, then throw it to the side and grab the next one."
MoreThan2_LessThan21,a6vrdh,"That's *exactly* what my hair looks like when I scrunch too violently. I'm only a couple weeks in, so I don't really have a good routine yet, but I've noticed that hard scrunching doesn't work well for me. I pool water in my hands, then lift my hands up to a section of hair to let it sit in the water, then close my hands like a book. I...don't know if there's a name for that."
SarahSamurai,a6vrdh,"My hair is fine and does this as well. I've found that if I use a denmin brush after a wide tooth comb, it helps my hair form better curl clumps. I brush with my head upside down from nape to fringe, while my hair is dripping wet. Then I apply product with praying hands and gently scrunch. Then I use my microfiber towel to remove the extra water, but I don't really scrunch. It's more like bringing the hair to my scalp with flat hands and the towel across them. I feel like the scrunching motion separates the curls if I'm using the microfiber towel. I hope this makes sense, I'm having a hard time describing it. "
amandaunbidden,a6vrdh,"Mine does this too, and I found it was due to too aggressive of scrunching. How I do my hair now has helped a lot. 

First, I allow my hair to kind of form its own curl clumps, and then I smooth my products over each clump to get the hair to lay down and then gently scrunch each clump. 

I’ll go back and smooth over the clump again with my fingers if I see any frizz. I think the key is being really gentle when scrunching and when applying any leave in products. Also, carefully running your fingers over each clump to smooth it back down. "
any_name_left,a6vrdh,"Me too! My curls are super fine and frizz instantly. If I put enough product in to stop the frizz my hair is either as hard as brick or looks like an oil slick. I just try to find a happy medium, which means dealing with some frizz. :("
chrig31,a6vrdh,You should scrunch extra water out with microfiber towel before you put product in. Once you put product in you should avoid touching it as much as possible as that causes frizz.
dkling22,a6vrdh,I’m not really sure if wet frizz exist LOL! these just look like stray curls- I agree with adding extra moisture and maybe try some finger coiling them into the larger clumps of curls with gel to get them to behave . Also agree with the advise of not being aggressive with the scrunching . 
jaydaluren,a6vrdh,Same here! It's so frustrating! 
jen_kelley,a6vrdh,"I get this whenever I use a product that has an ingredient my hair doesn’t like, or too much protein. Specific ingredients I’ve had problems with are wheat protein, aloe and coconut oil. "
lonelysugarpine,a6vrdh,"Same thing happens to me! Hope someone on here can help us.&&&Interesting! I will try this technique next wash day. For me I assumed this was either a product issue, protein issue, or hard water because it started happening when I switched products. I'll troubleshoot with this technique first. Thanks for the tip! &&&That's what I was wondering. I switched to protein free regimine and I don't think my hair likes it (this same frizziness when wet started happening). Thanks for the tip! "
mufffffin,a6vrdh,If I notice my hair frizzy when it’s wet it’s because my hair needs protein 
nakedmarmadukes,a6vrdh,I have the same issue!!! I think I need a hair cut really bad.
notstephanie,a6vrdh,"I have the same problem! I have really fine hair and I think that might have something to do with it.

My hair is healthy (I got fresh highlights and a trim yesterday and my hairdresser kept commenting on how I don’t have heat damage and how healthy my hair is) so it’s really frustrating to see frizz the literal second you get out of the shower!"
punkslime,a6vrdh,I have the same problem! My hair actually looks almost exactly like yours (colour and curl pattern... and frizz!). 
rbkc12345,a6vrdh,"Wide tooth comb instead of fingers.  I manipulate mine pretty freely before scrunching, am careful after scrunching.  Comb your conditioner in, see if that helps.  Also, no poo never worked for me, low po and coarse, the conditioner only routine gave me frizz like this.    Also no way can I use microfiber towel - soft t shirt ftw.

How does it look when it dries, though?   Does the frizz ease?  Persist?  Get worse?

Most of all - you really have to keep experimenting to see what works for you."
smithsara627,a6vrdh,I had this problem. The best solution I’ve found is after I add my leave in conditioner I comb through the front of my hair (while it’s upside down) with my wide tooth comb. It creates nice clumps and really helps the frizz!
snowdragonrawr,a6vrdh,"I had the same problem and posted a few months ago about it. It’s improved since then by using a wide tooth comb instead of my fingers in the shower. Comb, then S2C. And by doing weekly deep conditioning treatments. "
whenshebegins,a6vrdh,"Ugh like everyone else above, I have the same issue. And it carries over to my dry hair and particularly day two or three hair. I’m trying to figure it out but I figure I need more moisture. I’m trying the STC and then applying my products in the shower before I get out. In the past it was like my hair was dry as soon as I got out and was ready to apply product and I’d have to resoak it all over again. "
xxlittlewing,a6vrdh,"Nothing really constructive to add, but your hair looks EXACTLY like mine does! I'm also dealing with the very same issue and it's so frustrating!"
dimig,a6vmw3,"Day Two/life: mostly floof with my one single faithful curl. The only one to clump, curl when wet, and stay curly forever. You the real MVP.&&&&&&I squish to condish with nym blue bottle, used kinky curly knot today, plopped, then added herbal essences totally twisted and air dried. 

Not my usual routine, usually I used a butt ton of renpure curling jelly and diffuse. That seems to give me more volume and shape but makes me feel like my curls aren’t natural? Like they are manufactured waves if that makes sense. 

Anyway, not a complaint, loving the progress my hair has made! Just wish I could get my whole head to do that! I’m currently about two months in and already seeing improvement. Also growing out some balayage damage so I know it will get better!&&&I’ve actually tried the hask one a couple times and I agree! It’s not cg tho I don’t think...what do you use?"
sudoku4life,a6vmw3,Maybe try a protein deep conditioner? I really saw a difference in my hair!
LaChascona569,a6vit5,I use the devacurl delight line and clarify every two weeks as well. My hair starts to feel heavy at the roots by that point. 
amandaunbidden,a6vit5,"I clarify about once, sometimes twice a month. I don’t use sulfates to clarify though as they irritate my scalp way too much. I use a shampoo made for hard water build up. I’ve been using different ones so don’t have a favorite as of yet. I use a low-poo once a week though. "
catgirl1359,a6vit5,"It's totally up to you and your hair type. I know people who clarify once a week and others who clarify maybe once a month. People also use different strengths of clarifying shampoo, some using sulfates and others using a CG option, depending on how deep of a clean they need."
ferrettrack,a6vit5,"How often do folks following CG method use a clearifying shampoo?&&&I have been CG for about a year.  I use deva curl wavy products, twice a week.I clearify about once every 2 weeks because my scalp seems to have a bad buildup and gets quite oily. I also tried the Deva curl Original and by day 2 the oilyness makes my angel curls look like I have had a bad night of sweating,  clumpy, oily, drooping.   Any thoughts are welcome.&&&thanks,  In other words, i should keep trying different options.  :  )   &&&Yep the Delight line too for about 4 months.  I am about 1/2 way thru the 32 oz bottle of that and the conditioner.  I have more of the Deva products I use, maybe twice a month for special nights.  ( Be-Leave, Angel Gel, Sea Salt Deep Conditioner, and Decidence and a few others that I was gifted)  I usually have to wash again the next day because they make me itch.  (I am alergic to most makeup so I use and ultra pure line of makeup and I make my own facial oils and lotions so I know exactly what is in them)  Thanks for answering.  Forgot to ask.  Do you use their Buster?&&&OH!   never knew they make a hard water shampoo.  May I have a name so I can read up and maybe get it?  We tease ourselves about our rockwater."
HanCebu,a6vh7r,"I need proffesional hairstyles!&&&&&&Info: so I am studying to be a teacher and I start my placements next semester. Along with that I need to dress professional. I don't know many styles for men with long curly hair so I figured I would ask.
Routine:
Every other day I wash with tressemé repair and protect 7. I then apply the same brand conditioner and comb through with a wide tooth comb. After I rinse out most of the conditioner and apply totally twisted gel. After I plop overnight.
The other days I do the same but without shampoo."
HaveCourageToExist,a6vh7r,"I think a ponytail could work, but also it looks fine the way it is!"
LaylaLeesa,a6vh7r,I think it would look great if you too some length off. Google: medium hair men curly; find one you like and take it to a hair dresser. Or if you don't want to chop it replace medium with long
Im_A_Boonana,a6v77u,"The first time I used it I bought the travel set. My hair turned out AMAZING so I bought the bigger two pack that came with the deva towel but then it just turned out average at best after that. 

I think I had the same issue most people have where every dollop feels like money leaving the bottle so you don’t use as much and your hair gets dry as a result. I changed over to the cheap stuff from the side bar and use as much as I want and haven’t looked back. It’s much more consistent and with better results for me personally "
Krishnan94,a6v77u,I get a different result everytime I use Devacurl and now I'm on my second travel size package because I don't want to buy the full sized products until I see some kind of consistency 😩
NeuroticTendencies,a6v77u,Explain yourself (I.e. routine) b/c  I do t understand how some of these work together
Rockandpurl,a6v77u,K so I thought I was alone in this thought!?! I thought “maybe it’s just my hair” but it’s so drying!!!
Totalweirdo42,a6v77u,I didn’t know they sold the masks in that huge of a size! I love the melt into moisture one. Damn that most have cost a lot all together. But I’m sure your hair will look fabulous! &&&I personally didn’t love the wave maker. It didn’t do much for my wavy thick hair. But have you tried the supercream coconut curl cream? It  is amazing. Gives great definition and less frizz. You only need to use a little. Like a nickel size. Too much is bad news. The no poo is good. Very gentle and moisturizing. I have to alternate between it and another shampoo or I get all greasy though. Which ones do you use? What do you think works best? I haven’t tried them all. Yet...
cereal_conoisseur,a6v77u,So I have the voluminizing foams d I’ve found it a bit drying. And I really want to try the deep sea repair. Could you possibly post your impressions of those two products after you try them here??
derpynarwhal9,a6v77u,Thank god I'm not alone. I used to use Deva but I started falling out of love. Now I use Cantu products and love them AND they're half the price of Deva
gingersecretary,a6v77u,"I bought the trial size directly through Deva and it was AMAZING. Thought I’d save some money and order the big bottles through Groupon. Apparently they’re not a Deva authorized dealer or something, because my hair got a lot of weird build up in weird places. I’m thinking maybe it was old product or something. I’m going to try ordering a trial size directly through Deva again. Or going to something else. "
megonzalez99,a6v77u,I love deva curl! What can you tell me about the wave maker and no poo? I’m thinking of investing 
onetwopikachu,a6v77u,"Whoops there goes all my money&&&&&&I don't care for the normal conditioners, my hair is super dry so the melt into moisture is the BEST I've found leaving it in for 30 mins. The protein one helps when my hair lacks definition as well. If anything I would try the melt into moisture mask!!!&&&The no poo is a shampoo, the two right most are conditioners, I use 1-2 stylers depending on what type of look I'm going for (creme, gel, foam, etc). Not all together haha :)&&&The volumizing foam is too drying for me by itself, so I always pair with a creme, this gives me slightly less hold and crunch vs using the gel, and a tiny bit more moisture? The deep sea repair is also drying for my dry high porosity fine hair, but helps a ton with definition and strength. The melt into moisture is my absolute favorite!!! I use the melt into moisture the most and the deep sea repair protein mask occasionally, that works well for me! Hope that helped! :)&&&Thank you so much!!! I am loving how it looks now, I'm glad to get the larger sizes, it's more economical over time, I'm glad my collection is complete (for now! Haha!). The melt into moisture is my standalone favorite devacurl product!!! I hope the same for you! :) &&&The wave maker I don't use by itself, or if I do a very small amount. It helps with initial definition but I find after day 1 my definition falls out if I don't pair it with a gel or creme! The no poo smells and works great for my dry fine high porosity wavy/curly hair! The low poo was too drying (my hair is super dry and loves the melt into moisture mask too if you've tried it!!)."
00101010101010101000,a6v496,"Hot damn I need to step my game up honestly. My hair could probably look just like yours, but as a guy I feel like I get away with somewhat frizzy and loose curls 😂"
cassidy012496,a6v496,"Low quality pic, but high quality curls!!&&&&&&I co-wash with Tresemme conditioner, squish to condish, then i flip my head over in the shower and load up my curls with blue gel. after that i plop for about 45 mins- 1 hour then diffuse upside down. :)"
OsrsHayder,a6uqwo,Can I use..?&&&Can I use Cantu curling cream when my hair is dry? I don’t like it wet so I was wondering if i could use it dry. I only use it after my morning shower. Can I shower at night then use it and fall asleep or should I shower fall asleep then use it?&&&Should I try showering then leaving my hair to dry and come out then use the cream
catgirl1359,a6uqwo,Try it and see which routine gives you results you like.
me_again-,a6umoz,"Progress from October to now&&&&&&Routine: non-cg  tresemme conditioner, mostly squished out. Aussie curl pudding, Plopped for 10 minutes, semi-dried with diffuser"
L_obsoleta,a6umn2,"Hey, just wanted to let you know that it should continue to improve over time.  I am sure you can see some of the posts where people keep seeing progress for months on end.  Its a combination of new hair growing that is healthy, and slowly tailoring your routine to your hair."
frankyfriday,a6umn2,"Second day CG. Day 1 was rough but I’m loving it so much today!&&&&&&•Shea moisture restore shampoo
•devacurl one conditioner 
•LA looks gel on the ends only
•volumizing mouse at the roots
•plopped for 10 min and air dried 

Still a bit frizzy in places but looking better! I started out using way too many heavy conditioning products. A lot happier with these results now that I’m down to one conditioner. Hoping for more definition and less frizz in the future 
"
L_obsoleta,a6uld1,"I would say the stuff from the curly guide is a good start, and maybe toss in a mouse as well."
catgirl1359,a6uld1,"Beginners guide is pretty light, mostly fatty (good) alcohols rather than heavy butters or oils. Though she might end up wanting to low poo sometimes instead of cowashing."
ignitelight,a6uld1,"Curly Girl Christmas Present&&&I’ve finally talked my older sister into trying the curly girl method. I want to get her some products to start her off for Christmas. However, her hair is 2b/2c while mine is 3a/3b. Should I get her the stuff from the beginners guide? I’m afraid it might be too heavy. What are some other wavy favorites"
mandaday,a6uld1,"

If you want light, try not your mother Naturals yellow and green lines in place of the beginner conditioners. The yellow has a good low poo, conditioner, and leave-in and the green has an excellent mask that works with the other green rinse-out conditioner. I'm still working on finding a light gel. Kinky curly curling custard is light but la looks has better hold. Others I've tested haven't worked for me."
mooses10,a6uld1,I am a wavy and I love the not your mothers line of curly products.
Brady88,a6ukg1,Beautiful curls 
roostarfeesh,a6ukg1,"First time letting my curls do their thing in I don’t know how long. Don’t know if I’m ready to fully commit to the curly life, but definitely enjoying them today.&&&&&&Routine: well, considering this is my first full-on curly day in a while, I don’t have an official routine  yet, but I will write out what I did today. I only wash my hair 2 times a week and today is my last day before washing tomorrow. I decided to wet my hair a little, and then applied a DIY mixture of aloe gel, argan oil & raw shea butter. Then I scrunched and that’s it! I was also curious if anyone has tried a DIY mixture like this for their hair, because it seems like it did the same thing for my hair as a mousses have in the past. I definitely like this as a more natural option, so that’s a plus. "
Bot_Metric,a6ufp7,"5.0 inches ≈ 12.7 centimetres ^(1 inch = 2.54cm)



^(I'm a bot. Downvote to remove.) 

_____

  ^| ^[Info](https://www.reddit.com/user/Bot_Metric/comments/8lt7af/i_am_a_bot/) ^| ^[PM](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=Ttime5) ^| ^[Stats](http://botmetric.pythonanywhere.com) ^| ^[Opt-out](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=Bot_Metric&subject=Don't%20reply%20to%20me&message=If%20you%20send%20this%20message,%20I%20will%20no%20longer%20reply%20to%20your%20comments%20and%20posts.) ^| ^[v.4.4.6](https://www.reddit.com/user/Bot_Metric/comments/8o9vgz/updates/) ^|"
rosemary7m,a6ufp7,"Just got my hair cut! (About 5 inches) and am now starting to care for my curls 💖 Here’s my hair the day of the hair cut, now if only I could get it like this again😅&&&&&&Im not sure what products were used other than a gel and hairspray) but I want to find something that doesn’t make my hair crunchy "
KareBexar,a6u9ts,"What products are you using? Shampoo, conditioner, stylers etc"
kuroyuki-okami,a6u9ts,Hair reallly dry after plopping and air drying :/&&&Anything I could do about that? I’m sure I did everything right but my hair was so coarse and dry afterwards. Thanks for any help!
