index,id,comments
2bnthc,94xwfv,Beautiful Curls!! 😍💕
Opalescent_Topaz,94xwfv,Your curls are lovely. 
Rosy_Spex,94xwfv,"Uh, does getting your hair cut make your hair more curly? Looks great, I'm jealous."
SELI_R97,94xwfv,"Looking great! Lovely curls, lovely lady. "
blckazn,94xwfv,"Got a deva cut today to get the rest of the damaged straight bits cut off. I had no idea my hair could curl like that. Such an improvement from when I started the CG method (right).&&&&&&Routine: cowash with Shea Moisture curl and shine conditioner. Apply Shea Moisture curl and shine leave in conditioner and frizz free mousse with the prayer and scrunch method. Only comb my hair in the shower. Since I shower at night, I end up doing a bun not long after I shower, then air drying in the morning.
I think I need to add in a detangler the stylist used so I can apply more moisturizing conditioner throughout all of my hair. She said my hair was super dry and just soaked up all the moisture. Usually my fingers get stuck as I'm applying, so I tend to give up in the interest of sleep. &&&It's not the cut but the wash they do after the cut. They have all the nice hair products and tools with a perfected method. I'll never replicate this, I'm sure. "
call-me-mama-t,94xwfv,Looks amazing! 
firesideflea,94xwfv,You’re beautiful! Your curls look amazing and you have a gorgeous smile! 
Starrryeyes,94xf6d,I honestly just use the regular Shea Moisture line (I have varying kinds) on my son.
catgirl1359,94xf6d,"Some curly brands have kids lines- sheamoisture, eden bodyworks, mielle organics, cantu. But tbh other than a focus on detangling I don't know that these products are all that different from the regular lines, it might be a bit of a gimmick."
cpsych7,94xf6d,What are some baby/toddler safe products to use? Currently I’m using garnier whole blends shampoo and conditioner and Gliss leave in ultra moisture conditioner. Once a week I’ll use coconut oil curl cream.&&&
DawntoDawn,94xdpj,"I can’t offer anything in the way of advice because I am replying to say I think I have the same problem and the same hair. 

I haven’t found a CG equivalent of a Frizz Ease product that worked well. 

I will say that I was feeling experimental one day and scrunched a bit of water / apricot oil mix into my 2nd day hair, and it was actually pretty impressive in terms of shine, definition, and frizz reduction. 

Also, during my Deva cut, my stylist finger smoothed out each curl individually (while hair was wet) to eliminate frizz. It worked wonders, but that’s just not practical on a day to day basis. "
ahnahnah,94xdpj,"The only product that has pretty much eliminated frizz for me is [Living Proof's no frizz nourishing styling cream.](https://www.livingproof.com/buy/no-frizz-nourishing-styling-cream) I live in a very humid area and this keeps the frizz down and boosts shine. It's only emollient ingredients with no silicones. It has a strong smell but honestly I really like it. Only problem is, it's expensive."
lleahmurr,94xdpj,"Product recs for sealing fine, low porosity waves in high dew points, please.&&&I try to reduce my frizz as much as possible with the standard techniques--microfiber towel or t-shirt for squishing and plopping, only turning on the hair dryer on low heat after I have the diffuser positioned on my head (and turning it back off when I'm ready to move on to the next section, repeat), creating a gel cast and trying to be careful not to SOTC until it is 100% dry, and I avoid humectants as much as possible. Unfortunately, I still have a fuzzy layer of frizz around my whole head every single day. 

While I'm not expecting miracles, something that sounds promising is the **LCO method**... but I'm wary of using oil and/or ""butter"" products because my hair gets weighed down and greasy very easily. Are there other low porosity, fine haired people out there that have had success with LCO? What did you use?

My current routine

\-Either low poo with NYM Tahitian Flower and Mango Butter shampoo or co-wash with As I Am Coconut Cowash (I generally alternate with at least one day in between of not washing)

\-Suave Naturals Coconut conditioner as a rinse out. Sometimes I leave some in, or sometimes I use Curl Junkie Beauticurls Leave-in after I've rinsed the Suave out. Either way, I use a wide tooth comb when applying to distribute evenly, and then I s2c. 

\-Scrunch Herbal Essence Totally Twisted Mousse from root to tip (I love the definition and volume I get from this, but I am also on the hunt for a similar product that doesn't have alcohol in it! I know that's not helping anything)

\-Coat hair in gel. I have been using the blue LA Looks, but just earlier today I picked up Aussie Instant Freeze Gel to give it a try since it doesn't have glycerin (but I believe it does have some alcohol soo we'll have to see how it goes)

\-Squish/squeeze wet hair with a microfiber hair turban, and then I use it to plop for about 15 minutes.

\-Take hair down, air dry for a little while, then diffuse until hair is about 85-90% dry, finish air drying.

\-Gently SOTC with a t-shirt when hair is completely dry

And for the record, yes, I did use the recommended Suave Essentials Daily Clarifying shampoo before starting CG (and I've used it again here and there when my hair starts to fall flat and just looks kinda sad).

I am open to any and all advice, but I would particularly like to hear about LCO experiences/recommendations. Thank you!

Edit: formatting&&&Oh that's interesting about the oil and water mix! That also reminded me that I read the other day that Aussie Instant Freeze Gel mixed with a little KY Jelly is supposed to help with second day frizz. I haven't tried it, but it might be worth a shot (if KY is CG friendly). If I do, I'll report back to you!&&&Thank you, I will definitely look into that! I have avoided that brand because it is pretty pricey, but I am willing to have one kind of expensive product when the rest is cheap as hell (minus the beauticurls, but I don't plan on repurchasing because I'm not super impressed). I'm glad Sephora carries their stuff so I can get a free sample and try it out first! "
Curly_Edi,94x8xs," My guess is that the silicones in the ogx are causing the issue. 

Look up the CG method and give it a go. "
Rotley1,94x8xs,"Conditioner Gives Me Frizz!&&&If I keep conditioner on for more than a minute, my hair frizzed up. If I rinse right away, it stays pretty sleek. 

I wash with OGX coconut water shampoo and conditioner, tho sometimes I use Maui S&C. 

Is there a reason my hair reacts this way? I have pretty big spiral curls. &&&It gets rough, but not too tangly. I’ll have to check out the protein-free version. What do you suggest to clarify before switching shampoos/conditioners? "
catgirl1359,94x8xs,"Does it only frizz up or do you get other issues like roughness or tangling? If so that could be a sign of protein sensitivity- it's common for those with protein sensitivity to react to coconut oil too.  


If not, it might just be that your hair is dry from the products you're using. OGX is not CG approved, their products all have sulfates and silicones that dry out the hair and cause frizz."
omarrpinon,94x8xs,"I wash my hair every 4 days and use Shea Moisture Coconut and Hisbuscus shampoo and conditioner and right after I wash it it feels really dry, but only on the days I wash it, a day after it feels pretty soft. Do you think I have protein sensitivity?"
amandaunbidden,94x843,"Maybe it’s the dry shampoo? They usually contain really drying ingredients because that’s the purpose of them, to dry up the oil in your hair. Maybe they’re drying your hair out? 

I’m not sure what you could do instead. They say you can co-wash every day if you need to but drying may become a problem then. So maybe you could just spritz on a refresher of some sort. I think Carol’s Daughter has one, and i know DevaCurl has one but I’ve never tried either of them. 

If you choose to just co-wash it again, you could use a diffuser to dry your hair more quickly or work out at night so you can have all night to dry your hair. "
bottleflick,94x843,"Working out is killing my hair!&&&A few months ago I started doing nopo and my hair was amazing. The curls were big beuatiful and the frizzy was really low. 

For the last month I have started working out or running every day and all that progress has disappeared. Now it's back to square one.

Currently I use dry shampoo after I workout and spray leave in after I'm done. I only wet it twice a week and condition it once. Just it has lost its softness and just no longer looks healthy. Help?"
DevianttKitten,94x6uv,Shower cap
catgirl1359,94x6uv,"This is a subreddit about naturally curly hair, unfortunately we don't know much about how to care for straight hair that's been curled. Using a silk scarf at night might help, as will a shower cap to keep it from getting wet. But I think you'll get better help over at r/fancyfollicles or one of the other hair styling subreddits."
xiztaa,94x6uv,How do I maintain ironed wave curl hair?&&&So I straight ironed my hair to like a wave curve style on my bangs yesterday. And I showered today and my hair just went back to being straight again. Can someone give me some tips if it’s possible just to leave my hair like this instead of ironing my hair everyday. Also I wanted to say I am male if this changes anything.&&&So then when would be a time to wash the hair
Starrryeyes,94wj6t,"You can use the Shea Moisture shampoos! My hair/scalp gets oily so fast, so I have to use shampoo too - but I use SM. :) 

I do not suggest a perm at all! I'm pretty sure it chemically alters your hair (probably a stupid statement). Maybe try adjusting your routine a little?"
catgirl1359,94wj6t,"A perm is super harsh on your hair. Also it is permanent so growing it out will be a pain with part of your hair being curlier than the rest. Just learn to love what you have!  

Also have you considered using a sulfate free shampoo? That can get rid of extra oil without being so stripping."
jjkekkou,94wj6t,"Thinking about a perm?&&&Hi everyone. I'm fairly new to this subreddit and started CG about a week ago, with fairly good results. I haven't cut out shampoo completely bc my scalp gets so oily, but I use Suave Essentials Daily Clarifying Shampoo once a week to shampoo (I know, I know, sulfates are drying, but my scalp gets way too oily if I don't use shampoo at least once in a while), and condition with Suave Essentials Coconut Conditioner. I use LA Looks Extreme Sport to style, and it generally turns out good when I do my morning routine.

However, I don't have a lot of volume with my curls (2c/3a, normal to low porosity, medium thickness), and I wish I could get more! I'm pretty happy with my curl pattern, but I want more volume and springiness to my curls.

I saw some old pictures of my mom in which she had a spiral perm that looked really good--big bouncy spiral curls (probably 3c) and all that. I already have the curliest hair in my family, but I really love the look she had.

So my question is: will getting a perm damage my hair? Should I stick with my natural curls? What kind of results should I expect if I do get it? Is there anything I can do otherwise to get more volume?

Any comments/suggestions are welcome! Thanks!&&&Thanks for the advice! The more I read about perms the more it seems like a big risk for ruining my hair...

Do you have any specific product recommendations for sulfate free shampoos? I've seen them in the store, but so many different varieties/brands that I don't know where to start &&&Thanks for the advice! I've been looking to try shea moisture products :)

And I've never dyed/altered my hair before aside from some flat-ironing years ago so I was already nervous about a perm haha. The more I read about it, it doesn't sound like such a great idea. Trying to think of ways to change my routine so that my hair dries with more volume!"
MangaNeko,94vqrq,"Planning on getting a trim&&&So I'm planning on getting a well needed trim tomorrow. 

I ""big chopped"" in January (I'm using quotes cause some relaxed ends were still left after cutting) and I've kept my hair in braids mostly. When I was done with school for the semester, I decided to wear my hair out and it was one of the best things I've ever done. Having said that, the relaxed ends have been getting to me. 

I've put off getting a proper trim because I've been lazy honestly but I'm finally getting it cut tomorrow. A trusted friend who has natural hair and takes care of her and her sister's natural hair is coming over to cut it for me. 
Here's the thing: she wants me to blow dry it at least somewhat so she can see what needs to be cut properly and I have no problem with that. My problem is the order that I'm thinking we should do it in. 

I was planning on shampooing then lightly blow drying so it's in a stretched out state and then having her cut it, then I'd do a bentonite clay mask and style my hair as usual. I'm planning on going out Tuesday and maybe sometime later in the week and I don't want to rock a blow out. 

So should I do it as planned or should I do the clay mask after shampooing, blow dry my hair and just wear it like that for the week? 

I have type 4 hair (I guess). "
HeatApe13,94vot2,"How did you transition your hair from the before color to the now color?  I currently have the red red but I’m kinda getting tired of it and I’m not sure what to expect if I’m going to change 


My natural color is mousy light brown which I completely hate. I used to be blonde before I went bright red so whatever I do will not involve going “natural”"
IamL0rdV0ldem0rt,94vot2,It may be the lighting or filter but I think the color on the left suits you better too! 
brunette-barbie-620,94vot2,"Wow, now thats a glow up!"
misscararara,94vot2,"I didn’t realise how much difference the CG method made until I saw these together!&&&&&&My current method:
Tresemme Botanics to co-wash, squish to condish!
Then either Boots Curl Creme or Umberto Giannini Scrunching Jelly while it’s dripping wet.
Leave it to drip dry a little then diffuse until about 70% dry then leave to air dry.
Scrunch the crunch to finish :)&&&Thanks! I only added the filter because the colour is a bit patchy right now. Never thought I’d thank the dark lord....&&&Thanks, you know this subreddit is so friendly :)&&&Glow up?

Edit: I understand now thank you :)&&&Honestly it just never seemed to bugger off.
I’ve dyed it red a few different times and when I got bored I stripped it(smells like bad eggs) but it never totally went away.
I decided to stick to brown for ages to cover the red but when it faded it always went back to coppery red. I’ve since been told depending on your hair type it can be the hardest colour to remove. Unless you want to bleach it...

Haha I’m the same, light brown always felt too boring but I might let it grow out and see what happens.

Purple is always fun :P"
usernamenumber3,94vot2,"Curls are looking great! And you have beautiful eyes! &&&Also, I think if you cut a tad bit of length the shape and volume would be on point. Just my two cents, your hair looks amazing! "
catgirl1359,94v3q8,"Go to someone who knows curls and you won't have to say much, other than what length/shape you want. Use the salon finder on naturallycurly.com or devacurl.com!"
cpsych7,94v3q8,"I think I need to cut my hair, what should I tell the hair stylist?&&&"
itsthefeelgooddrag,94v3q8,Maybe just trim the ends a little?  Other than that absolutely nothing!
Curly_Edi,94v1gf, Yep it is fine for your final wash
whiskey__throwaway,94v1gf,"Is this suitable for a final shampoo?? It's by Simple (trying to identify silicones)&&&Aqua, Sodium Laureth Sulfate, Cocamide DEA, Sodium chloride, Panthenol, Glycerin, Pantolactone, Anthemis Nobilis Flower Oil, Pelargonium Graveolens Flower Oil, Cocamidopropyl Betaine, Disodium Laureth Sulfosuccinate, Citric acid, Tetrasodium EDTA, Dipropylene Glycol, Sodium Hydroxymethylglycinate, Potassium sorbate&&&Thank you!"
misfit_toy09,94uwk3,"Super Proud of Today’s Curls&&&&&&Products Used (in order): Shea Moisture coconut and hibiscus curl conditioner, Shea Moisture Jamaican black castor oil leave-in conditioner, Cantu curl activator cream, Devacurl ultra defining gel mixed with Good Clean Love lubricant 

Defused once 50% dry and followed up with Devacurl flexible hold hairspray 👍🏼"
Diananluna,94u19f,"Taking a passport photo and looking for styling advice.&&&Hey curlies, I’m taking my first passport photo and I’m super excited but I’m new to rocking my curls and I’m not quite sure how to style my hair. Does anyone have any advice on how to look nice for a photo? I will post a picture/ routine in the comments down below. &&&https://imgur.com/gallery/gkp4qNa

Routine 
Wash and condition with devacurl decadence line 
Add Kinky curling custard gel while soaking wet applied by scrunching it in
Plop for a bit and then air dry/ diffuse intermittently depending on patience 

I’m hoping to look a little more put together so any suggestions on hair part or styling options are welcome! 

Also I know this isn’t a makeup group but if you wore makeup for your photo what kind did you wear? Even shirt/top suggestions are welcome lol

Thank you in advance <3 "
catgirl1359,94u19f,You want to be recognizable so I wouldn’t stray too far from your typical everyday or traveling look. Just natural makeup and a simple hairstyle- maybe half up so it’s away from your face.
Always_on_sunday,94twe6,"Loving the definition with my new routine&&&https://imgur.com/a/v2sBrfH 

Switched to using Cantu products to style (I used umberto giannini curl jelly before) and I'm so happy with the results!

Wash with Giovanni Tea tree shampoo (three times a week- I can't do full cg because I get too much scalp build up) condition with Evoluderm argan and shea hair mask. Follow with Cantu curl activator cream then Cantu define and shine custard. Plop with a microfibre towel for 15 mins then air dry (I diffuse in the winter) On the plus side I can get all these products in big bottles from TK Maxx and Superdrug (in the UK) for fairly cheap prices. On the downside, my local Superdrug doesn't stock Cantu but I pick it up from bigger branch in the city where I work instead (a minor issue!) Any tips for how to keep this from turning into a mess overnight would be great though - pineappling seems to pull the curls straight, silk scarves fall off my head in the night and my satin pillowcase doesn't give the results that I would like! "
ASYMBOLDEN,94tub4,How is this not hilariously labeled fluff? Lol 
catslovesardines,94tub4,Yess
empressraziel,94tub4,Curly legend
pen15alwayswins,94tub4,"Does this count?😊&&&&&&LOTS of rest, mixed with direct vitamin D, as well as daily doses of cat and dog saliva... A bit unconventional, but it works for her! 😊&&&Yup! She’s a Cornish 😊 I have a thing for curly cats, so I have a Selkirk as well!"
sputnikandstump,94tub4,Rex!
tkmlac,94tub4,"Yeah. She’s gotta share her routine, though. "
