index,id,comments
yasmingazquez,eefkei,"I wanna cut my hair really short but I can't think of any specifics styles, any ideas?&&&"
Pixie2343,eef8e1,"Have you been clarifying your hair regularly?

You don't mention your hair type, but I have coarse,thick hair and find that I need a hard hold gel to make sure the weight doesn't pull it flat.

My HG gel is the Garnier Pure Clean gel; maybe give it a try?"
curvyncurlyy,eef8e1,"Moisture overload/Flat curls&&&I’m sorry I’m advance for the long-winded post, but I would really appreciate your help! 

This summer I used Cantu’s shampoo and conditioner for natural hair and ended up with moisture-overload. My hair was very soft and shiny, but my curls were limp waves. 
I then changed to Curls’ blueberry line, using their shampoo and leave-in conditioner. After combing my hair I would apply the blueberry curl gel, followed by their creme brûlée curl cream.  I typically shower in the evening and let my hair air dry. 
After a month of using only Curls’ products on my hair my curls were coming back to life, but I noticed that if I wore my (fully dry) hair up for even a few hours, once I let it down the length of my hair smelled yeasty. My scalp had no issues, only the portion of my hair I applied product to. 
I stopped using the Curls blueberry shampoo and conditioner and now my hair smells fine even four days after my wash day. 
I have now switched to garnier whole blends (not completely sure of the name) shampoo and conditioner with aloe and coconut water. This combined with the blueberry gel and creme brûlée curl cream seems to be light weight enough that my curls are finally getting their bounce back, but they’re still falling flat after two days or so. By the third day I have typically given up and put it into a messy ponytail. 
I put my hair into a loose pineapple every night and I take it down the next morning, mist my hair and slightly scrunch it to refresh the curls. I feel like I’m taking the right steps to preserve my curls but it’s not working like I would hope. 
I would love any advice!&&&I haven’t clarified my hair recently and you’re right, I probably should. I’ll definitely do that, especially considering I’ve switched products so much in the past few months. 
My hair type is very coarse and thick as well. I’ll definitely try that. I typically look for medium hold because my hair was still transitioning from being straightened for years, but now that I’ve gone curly for a two years, my curls are bouncy spirals. Now that you mention it, it makes sense that I might need something with a stronger hold now.
Thank you for your help!&&&I’ve been looking to include protein in my routine for awhile but if I’m being honest, I wasn’t really sure where to look. Thanks for your suggestion, I’ll definitely look into ordering that online!"
trevorishy,eef8e1,It might be because the Curls blueberry bliss has protein in it and it helps your curls from limping. You might like to add products with protein in your routine or use Neutral protein filler and mix with your leave in and conditioner. Giovanni smooth as silk line also have protein and wont be too heavy or too moisturizing for your hair type. Adding a stronger hold gel like Aussie instant freeze might help avoid flat curls too.
ICThestrals,eef3j9,"Curl hair products with light to no scents&&&Hello!

I recently went to the salon for a much needed haircut. I left with some new products thanks to am awesome sale, but the products smell very strongly. They don't bother me too much, but I work in the health care industry and my office has a strict no scent policy. I'm extremely worried I'm going to make someone have a reaction ☹️. I got the Kevin Murphy killer curls cream, and it has done AMAZING things for my hair type. I'm curious to know if there are any lighter scent creams out there that would give similar results. I'm only sort of following the curly girl method right now, I'm not a huge fan of the rules. But I try to stick to sulfate free, silicone free, and phalate free products. My hair is more loose beachy waves with a few thicker curls throughout. I am light blonde and my hair texture is very fine with basically no porosity. I look like a greasy weighed down mess very easily s a result so I would prefer products that aren't super oily. Right now I am using the Kevin Murphy moisture line of shampoos to try and get some moisture back into my hair since it's so dry where I live. I typically wash my hair every two days and then squish out extra water into a t-shirt, put in the Kevin Murphy killer curls cream combing it through with my fingers and then scrunching. Then I diffuse with no heat. Seems to be the best results with products so far for my hair type. I am just very concerned about the strong scents! TIA!&&&That's awesome! I had no idea. Thank you for the suggestion 😊&&&Right! I was finding that as well ☹️! I can't justify spending a ton of money on a product that may not work for me. That's why I have been looking to drugstores more for my products but the fragrances are a little too strong for me sometimes.  I really don't want to go over 20.00 for a bottle of product. 15.00 would be ideal but I will to go a little extra if the product is really good. I'm also okay with spending more if there is a large amount of product that will take me a while to go through."
Trev_x,eef3j9,Check out the Jessicurl products - they come in three scents one of which is unscented and you can try out samples for a low cost.
nruthh,eef3j9,"What’s your budget? The only unscented curly products I’ve found are insanely expensive. It’s really unfortunate, because there is such a market for fragrance free products."
Expelled_Hermoine,eeeh1f,Your hair looks great!  Thanks for the specifics.  I'm going to be trying this...
_unknown_username,eeeh1f,"Supermarket products including olive oil!&&&&&&Routine:

I have loved my curls forever and have tried every conceivable salon product on the market to no avail other than having an expensive array of half used products gracing my bathroom.

I decided to go back to basics and back to supermarket products which has given me the results (and compliments!) that I've been after.

1. Whatever shampoo is on special, every 10 days or so
2. Garnier Fructis Normal Strength & Shine conditioner daily / co-wash leave in for 5 minutes or so
3. Turban hair in towel to absorb moisture - no rubbing!
4. L'Oreal or Schwarzkopf leave in with 5 drops of olive oil applied with praying hands - no fingers!

I found the olive oil is just as good if not better than Argan oil - and is certainly cheaper. YMMV.

Wishing you aMerry Christmas, a Happy New Year and luxurious curls!&&&Thank you! I hope it works for you. Let me know how you go."
toadexplosion,eeeh1f,Looks fantastic!
IceniQueen69,eeeen0,I twirl the strands and don’t touch them again until they dry.
bubbledamn,eeeen0,"How to apply gel on thin wavy hair&&&Hi! So I recently just started cg method. I have thin wavy hair (not really sure which I think 2a). 

Any suggestions or tips that have worked for you!?&&&What mouses do you like?"
mercurys-daughter,eeeen0,"I have that hair type and I prefer scrunching method! I also prefer mousse over gel, but that’s not for everyone"
bigballbrand156,eee89o,Oof&&&
carmastronardi,eed894,"DevaCurl Hairloss&&&I have been on the CGM for about 7 months and have been religiously using DevaCurls Delight line. I have recently been seeing that devacurl has been making people’s hair fall out and thin. What exact products are correlated to the hair loss lawsuits? I have and currently been using the low-poo delight, one condition delight, b’leave in, wave maker, and the ultra gel. I don’t know whether to switch brands or not... I have not been able to find a professional alternative to DevaCurl that is not drugstore."
sincerelyanonymus,eed894,"I think it's mainly their cleansers such as the no poos. Which makes since because those are the only products that should be touching your scalp. That being said, since the other products don't touch the scalp, they may or may not be contributing as well."
60FootBoom,eectrl,Cool pic!
Bedzzzz,eectrl,So much lovely hair.
CyanCyborg-,eectrl,Are you all in a thrash metal band?
Ironman06,eectrl,Wow what a pic. Dont ever change the hair very beautiful ladys
KarmaKaladis,eectrl,Glorious
Queso_Facil,eectrl,I was recently explaining to my husband how curly- haired women are often typecast as witches or witchy in films. He said he had never noticed.  And now I can show him this in the morning.
Subey21,eectrl,This is Dope!!!
UndecidedEyes,eectrl,Absolutely awesome
barnklesport,eectrl,praying for your sinks.
bongripchick,eectrl,They’re curlfriends :)
chahnchito,eectrl,I thought this was r/Wicca for a sec
dorothysideeye,eectrl,"Please, I need to know what's going on with that patchwork fabric on the left. It's driving me bonkers! Are you sharing it? Just wearing matching shirts??"
dubsteph_,eectrl,Lmao
enyapickle,eectrl,"Sometimes TJ Maxx/Marshall’s (if you’re in the US) are great places to find cheaper, fancier products. A lot of times they’ll have Shea moisture or amika and other good, smaller brands. 

Do you scrunch anything into your hair when you scrunch it? Like I put a lot of gel in my hair when it’s soaking wet after the shower and scrunch with the gel, then scrunch/dry with a t-shirt or microfiber towel and plop for as long as I can manage (I’m like you and only make it 15 min max) and once your hair is dry it’ll be kinda crunchy but defined & you can “scrunch out the crunch” (which people call SOTC) which will break up the gel & leave voluminous, defines curls! I use the herbal essences totally twisted gel and it’s about $3 & smells amazing."
ilivetomosh,eectrl,Cool picture♡
indiewreck,eectrl,mamma mia 3?
jltw22,eectrl,I bet you guys have the best smiles:) your sending lots of happy vibes:) love the hairs!
lokiisacat,eectrl,Genetics are strong with this family.
lovable_cube,eectrl,Not curl related but if you're dying your hair yourself you can just put color on your roots and do an all over dye to refresh your color once every six months to revive color there. Also make sure you're only using volume 10 developer to avoid damage for faster growth!
mystic-dweller,eectrl,Curly coven vibes 😍 💕
nicolemarie1118,eectrl,Love this! You all have such gorgeous hair.
pinchecody,eectrl,Wow they all have beautiful hair!
pro_humpback_rider,eectrl,Are you all witches?
thankyouandplease,eectrl,"I’d recommend finding products that don’t have silicone! isitcg.com has been useful as I’m starting out, you can copy and paste an ingredient list and it will show you if there’s silicones or other non-CG stuff"
trinometry,eectrl,"a photo from Thanksgiving, thought it would belong here!&&&&&&oh yeah it confused me too when I first saw the picture and I was there! it’s a cardigan of mine that I had let fall off my shoulders and it’s hanging off the arm that I have around my mom.&&&I’m on the furthest left beside my mom. I forgot I need to mention my routine.
I have lurked around on this sub for a while and am looking to make major changes to my routine as I continue grow my hair out, since I’d like more volume and the products I have aren’t really delivering (nor are they CG method). So any advice is welcome. 
At the moment, I primarily use Tresemmé moisturizing shampoo and color protection conditioner (I dye my hair dark brown, it’s naturally an ashy blonde). I honestly only use those two because they were given to me, and they work to a degree. 
I wash it almost every day, skipping shampoo intermittently, because I can’t stand not to and it loses volume fast. I leave some conditioner in and do those scrunchy hand motions before I plop it in a t-shirt for as long as I can stand (10-15 mins). 
I also diffuse upside down with a heat protectant spray for some volume and scrunch Suave mousse on the ends to hold some of the less enthusiastic curls.
Again, any advice is welcome! I’ve been doing the same thing for a long time and this is the longest my hair has ever been in my life so I have a lot to learn!"
westalalne,eectrl,This is a beautiful picture. You should ask the lady in white what her routine is OP.
whiskeydumpster,eectrl,I would LOVE to have the thickness in my hair that you all have 😭 I know if I had it I’d think the grass was greener but I’m so jealous!
yamiryukia330,eectrl,gorgeous for all of you
MittensToeBeans,eecq94,Headband Recommendations&&&I recently cut a few inches off and can’t put my hair in a pineapple at the gym like I used to. I’m thinking of pulling it back and using a headband to get my bangs out of my face but I don’t want to ruin my curls. Any recommendations for fabrics and/or brands?
WeAreStarless,eecq94,BizzyB headbands are very popular on curly instagram!
ravenclaw17,eecq94,"I don't think any headband will ruin your curls for the amount of time you're at the gym. The sweat is another story, at least for me! But I just use a cheap stretchy headband, probably got it at Target. It might stretch my hair out at the root a little, but a fluff and/or refresh makes it presentable again."
streetsaheadd,eecq94,Head bands I see recommended by a couple of curly youtubers I follow are made by bizzybcrafts on Instagram! I haven’t gotten one yet but they’re pretty cute!!
Ballzy124,eec0nv,"Anyone else loose a bunch of hair when detangleing in the wash?&&&&&&Oh shit that's so bad. I had no idea, the product I use was recommended to me by my hair dresser who also has curly hair. My hair is also waist length.

I posted this pic for a bit of fun, but now it's like a wake up call&&&I always swirl it all together and put it in the bin next to the shower. Our drains are very small&&&I use coconut curl shampoo and conditioner, coconut curl hair cream and coconut curl hair mousse.  I wrap with a microfiber towel to get most of the moisture out then I diffuse it. I keep it in a satin hair bag for sleep and wear around the house to get the springy curls. 

This photo was taken after I had detangled my hair. I never realised how much hair I lost until today! I'm really surprised I'm not bald yet, however I do have almost waist length curls&&&3 or 4 days between washes."
RidiculouslyNikki,eec0nv,"I've put it down to the fact that I no longer brush my hair, getting the shed out. So now it mostly comes out in the shower."
auburrito,eec0nv,"I think it's normal for it to look like there's a lot of hair shed because we don't brush every day and so the shed hairs stay in our hair until we detangle. I had such a problem with drain clogging in my shower, but I do recommend those tub mushroom things. They catch all the hair before going down the drain and you can easily take all the caught hair and toss it after showering."
cheerio_ninja,eec0nv,I had postpartum shed too. The hairloss in the shower was terrible.
hello_berrie,eec0nv,Oh yeah and it's a real pain in the ass to not let it all go down the drain
kashosh,eec0nv,"A lot of CG enthusiasts will tell you hair loss is normal and you’ll listen until you have half the hair you used to have 6 months ago. This is what happened to me and it’s so heartbreaking. Please be mindful of how often you’re washing and detangling, if you’re losing this much hair every 3-4 days you should reassess and try switching your products so you can compare the shedding and figure out if the products are the problem. 
I used DevaCurl for 6 months and everyone told me that it’s normal to lose clumps of hair in the shower. I really regret listening to them. Now DevaCurl is being sued."
nruthh,eec0nv,"That’s a lot of hair. How long are you going in between washes? Hair loss is so easily missed when going CG, because everyone says it’s normal. Sometimes it’s not. There are things to watch out for. How long has it been since you washed last?"
sincerelyanonymus,eec0nv,"How many days did you go in between washes?  If this was only 1-2 days I'd be worried about products/detangling causing breakage, but seems on par for 3 or more days."
Steampunk_Gypsy,eebzub,"Growing out a side shave - I think it's going well!&&&&&&Today's routine:

* Wash with Maple Holistic's Argan Oil shampoo
* Condition with a handful of MH's Silk18 conditioner; let sit for a while
* Rake in a quarter size of amount of Suave Essentials strawberry conditioner; squish
* Get hair wet again, rinsing out some (but not all) of the conditioner
* Add another quarter size amount of Suave Essentials; squish
* Plop in t-shirt turban for 20-30 minutes
* Spray heavily with pure aloe vera gel; squish
* Shake hair into style; spray on some more aloe vera gel
* Air dry
* Scrunch"
NormaKin,eebjxr,"Looking for a good leave-in myself, but SheaMoisture's Manuka Honey & Mafura Oil Intensive Hydration Hair Masque is definitely my holy grail for deep conditioning. You can get it at Ulta, both in stores and online."
Pixie2343,eebjxr,"If they carry Briogeo, this is a fantastic CG line! I love the banana/coconut shampoo and their don't despair repair hair mask, and the new honey mask in a bear bottle"
THEJinx,eebjxr,"Some Not Your Mothers are quite good. Check ingredients, of course!

Don't let them convince you to get Deva or Pattern.  Deva is being shown to cause hair loss, and some Pattern products have silicones.

Perfect Hair Day Living Proof and Dermorganics are two brands that I like."
fakeprincess,eebjxr,"Favorite leave in and deep conditioners at Ulta?&&&My mom has hinted that she would like a leave in and deep conditioner for Christmas. I’d prefer to get something at Ulta just because of the rewards program. 

I typically only buy drugstore (not your mother’s is my favorite brand), however I’d prefer to get her something a little bit nicer as it’s a gift and she can afford to buy another if she likes it. She’s not someone who typically likes drugstore products. I’m overwhelmed looking at all the mid to high end options at Ulta.

Any recommendations would be appreciated, cruelty free would be preferred however that’s my preference not hers. Thanks much :)&&&Thank you !&&&Thank you!&&&Thank you !"
sincerelyanonymus,eebjxr,"AG is a good brand, especially in the winter since they have stylers that are glycerin free."
trevorishy,eebjxr,"I second the suggestion for AG products, for hair that likes protein or prone to getting flat, the AG recoil is a good styling product, but it can be drying because it contains salt. Ouidad has the anti humidity gel and the Vitacurl cream that's also good but pricy."
Cmtch,eebil3,"That is insane, your hair has grown so much in two months too and looks so much thicker! It's so pretty. Do you have any treatment secrets? Hahaha"
WonderNoodle09,eebil3,"Been on CG for about 2 months now and it’s really transformed my hair!&&&&&&I love my waves now! Before starting i’ve really been curling my hair with a flat iron almost every day and didn’t even realize I could achieve almost the same look naturally just by taking care of it properly 🤦‍♀️ Pantene was really killing my hair too. I’ve had “fluffy straight” hair all my life but I guess it was just dried out and poofed by sulfates. The no sulftates made the biggest difference for sure.

2a high porosity hair!

Routine:
 1x a week shampoo with loreal eversleek no-poo

Turn head upside down

Squish to condish (bowl method) with Suave Essentials coconut conditioner 

Use roping technique to apply kinky curly curling custard and scrunch (don’t overscrunch)

Plop with tshirt for as long as until it gets uncomfortable or I need to remove it, maybe like 1-2 hours

Remove and use tshirt to scrunch out excess water. Air dry, flipping hair side to side so the roots don’t dry totally flat. 

After it’s totally dry scrunch out the crunch (takes like 3 hours to dry but it’s worth 😭)&&&The only treatment I do is like a random keratin protein mask that i’ve already had, once a month or so. After I use that up I’ll start looking into other treatments. I think it’s just that my hair is super high porosity and thirsty for moisture (especially from damage and the dyed ends) so the protein and conditioner moisture has changed it a lot. I believe the suave conditioner also has protein in it. For me, I think the trick is to not be afraid of leave in and leave just the right amount of conditioner in my hair with the squish to condish method...I’ve had days where I accidentally rinsed out a little too much and my hair goes back to looking puffy and stringy like before.&&&Curly girl as in the curly girl method, if you look in the about section of the subreddit they have a guide for it and a beginner’s routine.&&&Thank you!"
Writer90,eebil3,Beautiful!
catwithheadinbread,eebil3,Curly Girl
tuffbunny3469,eebil3,"New to the subreddit, what does CG stand for?"
auburrito,eebcan,"Two years ago, I didn't know I had curls.&&&&&&Just realized I had a picture of myself at my desk at work that are two years apart. I always thought I had “straight but frizzy” hair growing up and I would constantly straighten it before I found sulfate and silicone free products like Maui Moisture shampoo and conditioner, which is what my routine consisted of in the before picture. A year ago I discovered the CG method and it just amazes me how much my hair changed.

 
Current Routine: 
Shampoo with Kinky Curly Come Clean, Condition with Kinky Curly Knot Today, rinse out and use Denman brush upside down while hair is still wet in shower to form clumps. Pray in a tiny bit of DevaCurl Touchable Curl Definer Cream and scrunch out extra moisture still upside down using hands and microfiber towel. Scrunch in a generous amount of Giovanni LA Hold Styling Gel and diffuse upside down until 80-90% dry. Clip roots for volume and do the rest of my getting ready routine before taking out and gently scrunching out any leftover crunch.


Edit to add: I deep condition every so often using Shea Moisture Manuka Honey and Yogurt Protein mask under a thermal cap for about 30 min."
DarksideoftheFunk,eeb526,I just stick my head in front of a conventional  room fan on blast for like half an hour I find it works pretty well.
Gearnerd69,eeb526,"I shake the shit out of my hair after showering, then dry with a 100% cotton t shirt, then air dry. Hope that helps"
cuddlyasacactus,eeb526,Look for a diffuser attachment for your hair dryer! And then look up the diffuser tutorial on YouTube by Manes by Mell! You can keep your curl AND use your dryer :)
ferroxbee,eeb526,I’m open the same boat. Hoping there’s a good answer.
nruthh,eeb526,You can plop and diffuse with a hair dryer.
turtlefishdragon,eeb526,"How to better dry hair ?&&&I have curly hair and thinking about starting CG, but there is a little problem. When I  don't blow dry my hair I get sick easily. Is there anyway to dry your hair faster and/or safer (in regards of curls)?&&&u/Gearnerd69 has a nice check that out.&&&If it's not too much trouble can you explain how you dry using a tshirt. Thanks for the answer it definetly helps.&&&What exactly is diffuse, I looked it up on google translate but I still don't know what that is can you explain please?&&&That's great :). Unfortunately I don't have that kind of luxury.&&&Thanks for your reply will definetly check that tutorial. :)"
AMillionFreckles,eeaow3,"Wash day today VS around 1 month ago pre CG (+haircut and better lighting) Im happy to see some ringlets coming back!&&&&&&Thank you ! I think the haircut cut off most of the dead ends and it got almost immediately curlier&&&Routine:

\-Shampoo 1× per week with Neutrogena Anti Residue Shampoo

&#x200B;

\-Wash every 2 days (ish) with Pura D'Or conditioning cowash, then condition with the tresemme conditioner with aloe.

&#x200B;

\-With head upside down in the shower, comb with wide toothed comb while conditioner is in hair, then rinse out.

&#x200B;

till upside down, use praying hands to apply Ecostyler Krystal Klear gel and then scrunch with a towel. Air dry.&&&Thank you!! Still trying to figure out the routine but hopeful to see more change over time :)&&&
Here's my routine for now :) still trying to manage not washing my hair for more than a day. I think the haircut made the biggest difference

-Shampoo 1× per week with Neutrogena Anti Residue Shampoo

​

-Wash every 2 days (ish) with Pura D'Or conditioning cowash, then condition with the tresemme conditioner with aloe.

​

-With head upside down in the shower, comb with wide toothed comb while conditioner is in hair, then rinse out.

​

till upside down, use praying hands to apply Ecostyler Krystal Klear gel and then scrunch with a towel. Air dry.&&&Thank you! Merry Christmas :)&&&Thank you!! I love turquoise and teal for clothing. Merry Christmas :)&&&Curly Girl method!  :) So no sulfates/silicones in products and using a conditioning wash rather than traditional shampoo. I think all the products I use follow it"
Axilllla,eeaow3," Wow, the difference is astounding! The girls on the left looks so healthy"
Bee_Hummingbird,eeaow3,Have you looked at the recommended products in the cgm doc? They are all very cheap grocery store ones like Tresemme and LA looks!
FraudFr0g,eeaow3,Oooh girl so luscious
NormaKin,eeaow3,Holy cow! So much amazing change in such a short time 🙌
Poopoopeepeeworm,eeaow3,Wow my hair is extremely similar to yours!!
Rutschkitty,eeaow3,"These posts are so inspiring. My hair is still looking more like the right picture because I just dont have the money for the hair products right now, I hope when I finally start my hair comes out looking half as good as yours 😊"
aandemomma,eeaow3,"Ginger to ginger, so awesome"
anotheraccount3124,eeaow3,What is your routine??
bananacirclesquare,eeaow3,Your eyes are so dynamic in that shirt color
fire-on-pink-snow,eeaow3,Beautiful!
gibgab-,eeaow3,Wow!! You have the prettiest hair!
gretfed,eeaow3,Gorgeous color and definition!
pinchecody,eeaow3,CG?
treetorpedo,eeaow3,"It looks like you have pretty thick hair? My hair looks similar to yours on the right most of the time-maybe a little less curly, but mine Pretty thin. 

I love that your routine doesn’t include styling or heat. I’m LAZY and refuse to diffuse."
yeetbix_,eeaow3,"Your before looks so much like mine (only just started CG)! You're giving me so much hope, the after looks so amazing!! Keep it up!!"
