index,id,comments
enzaemily,dxyb5p,My little girls curls. Just cut 5 inches off!&&&[removed]
minniesnowtah,dxyb5p,"Your post has been removed because we require a routine (products (if any), drying method, etc.) for all photo posts, even if the photo is not of yourself. Please reply to this comment with your/their routine and we can reapprove it for you!

We require this because it helps keep the sub focused on learning and helping each other instead of just selfies.

Thank you!"
aoyfas,dxy16v,Gorgeous
oliveYouG,dxy16v,"Violet, your curls are turning violet!&&&&&&Routine: wash with Maui moisture coconut milk shampoo and condition with same Maui moisture curl quench coconut oil conditioner. Comb with wide tooth comb outside of shower, scrunch from bottom up with aussie instant freeze gel. Scrunch with Mofaijang Hair color material in purple (cream type colored hair wax) in sections. Air dry about 2hrs. Shake out crunchy hair wax cast, was very crunchy and may have used too much! Separate curls a bit with hands. Color lasts until next wash, will transfer to a light colored shirt or pillow case, and if you touch your hands it comes off lightly. Washes out and doesn't stain. Very happy with how it came out! Want to do it permanently in the future!"
Deltawolf363,dxxisl,"[Help] Quick Question on when to do what.&&&So my hair has been awful lately and I've decided to try something a bit different. My hair is wavy with some strong curls on the end so i figured some of these methods might be worth trying.

So I've bought a conditioner and some co-wash, and from what I understand. I use the conditioner when I shower normally (Every other day) and then the co-wash once a week?&&&Ok i see. So Since im gonna literally start tomorrow. Should i do a couple showers conditioner only and then one with the co-wash? Or should I use the co-wash tomorrow as a sort of hard reset kinda thing?&&&Ok awesome!"
Trev_x,dxxisl,On Wednesday cowash to clean your scalp and rinse it all out and then condition.
alanita,dxxisl,"The cowash is a cleanser; use it whenever you want to cleanse! The conditioner is a moisturizer; use it after you cleanse, and if you want, you can use it during a non-cleanse shower as well."
PikettySpaghetti,dxxffw,This is random but wow your hair colour and skin tone are so beautiful!
jevoudraislepoutine,dxxffw,"Complete newb- this is after the reset wash! Even when I had long hair, I always thought my waves only started around my chin...but it seems like I may have been wrong. I'm so excited!! (Excuse the pumpkin, it's the only recent pic I have of my hair)&&&&&&Routine: Live Clean Keratin shampoo, Tresemme perfectly undone conditioner on roots to tips, Dippity doo sport gel while hair was still dripping wet (applied upside-down), scrunch with tshirt, diffuse/air dry then SOTC. 

I keep reading that your hair keeps getting curlier the longer you stick with CGM, I can't wait to see what I end up with!"
azooey73,dxxa4w,"Omg!!!&&&&&&Lightbulb moment tonight while scrolling through CGM posts here: don’t touch while it’s drying!!  It dried while I ate dinner, so no touching and lookit!  Wowsers!  About 2 months in...my scalp used to itch, my hair was frizzy or staticky, none of that now!!! 
Routine:
Wash with Shea Moisture Moisture Retention Shampoo
Condition with Tres Semme Botanique Nourish & Replenish
Leave-in Shea Moisture Curl Enhancing Smoothie
Loose twist in old tee shirt
Air dry and hope for the best!! 
Of course tomorrow will be a different story...."
LabLady0,dxx97h,GVP conditioning balm from Sally's.
radiatelight67,dxx97h,Absolute favorite conditioner&&&What's your favorite conditioner?
iNevernude,dxwmp3,"I straightened my hair every day for over 14 years. 62 days into CGM, I’m starting to get the hang of working with my natural curl.&&&&&&Top left is day 1, bottom left is day 2. The picture on the right is day 62 (yesterday). Routine: Shea Moisture coconut and hibiscus Curl & Shine shampoo daily. I tried shampooing every 2nd or 3rd day but my curls behaved poorly. Tresemmé perfectly (un)Done waves conditioner (squish to condish). Curls passion fruit curl control paste and Herbal Essences Totally twisted curl boosting mousse at the roots. Praying hands followed by plenty of scrunching. Plop for 15-20 minutes and diffuse until 80% dry. Once fully air-dried, I scrunch out any remaining crunch. I found all products at the pharmacy and all well under $15 (except for the Curls control paste). 3 months ago I never would have dreamed I would be wearing my hair curly. So glad I came across this subreddit!"
Miz_Izzik,dxwf2l,"Finally getting somewhere ...thanks to whoever recommended Manes by Mell&&&&&&Obviously Mell has much more coily curls than me but dang that video helped me understand the order of products and the great idea of using oil or serum to SOTC.  That was really the missing piece! 

I'm on week three of a CG routine: wash once a week with OGX coconut curls shampoo, 2-3 other times a week I co-wash with OGX coconut curls conditioner. After trying different gel/cream combos and proportions, today I followed Nell's advice and used my Miss Jessie's Leave in Condish (very small amount rubbed between palms and raked through), followed by Shea Moisture Curl Enhancing Smoothie, Eco Gel, diffuse a bit then let air dry, and SOTC with a few drops of a random hair oil I got from BirchBox a long time ago. Before doing the oil my hair felt so grungy and nasty after SOTC. My hair is 2a/b and very damaged from bleaching."
thisis_Jac,dxwf2l,I love her videos! She the first one I followed when I decided to go curly. Entertaining and instructive!
LabLady0,dxwcke,Herbal essences totally twisted seems to be a crowd favorite.
alanita,dxwcke,There's a holy grail products list in the sub sidebar!
kmccar38,dxwcke,Mousse&&&Affordable curly-approved mousse that you guys love!? Typically use Original Moxie but looking to cut costs where I can this holiday season ;) thank you!!!&&&Thanks!!!
pibble_smiles,dxwcke,I just bought Cake The Curl Whip mousse and I really like it. Seems to have more hold than the Aussie Instant Freeze or HE Totally Twisted.
GirlWFlowerTattoos,dxvctk,"Thought I should get my hair cut after two years. My hair is happy. 🙂 hair routine down below.&&&&&&Routine in order:
•Shower with coconut curls by OGX shampoo 
•Conditioner is Marc Anthony Strictly Curls
•Towel dry 
•One pump of Deva curls leave in decadence
•Then I use Deva frizz free volumizing foam
•Diffuse it for like 5 minutes 
•Finish off with Aussie mega hair spray 24 hr flexible hold"
HarlanPeppersPineNut,dxvbi2,"Ah this makes me so happy! I’m adopted and the first curly girl in the family. So my lovely mum relied on my friend’s mum to teach her how to deal with super curly hair and I’ll always remember how cute it was how hard she tried. In a long night in the 90s she achieved the impossible over a course of about 12 hours - Scary Spice hair on a wriggly and impatient 9 year old. And now, after years in the straightening wilderness, I’m back to team curly and I LOVE it! Thank you for being a great mum 😊"
LabLady0,dxvbi2,"Way to go, Mom!"
Olramllits,dxvbi2,"The things you do for your low porosity, crazy curly girl! As a straight haired mom, I had no idea how much work goes into curls! Routine in comments.&&&&&&I found CG in September and realized maybe my daughter’s frizzy lion’s mane wasn’t just puffy hair! We use the VO5 clarifying about once a month and have been co washing with the Suave Essentials coconut. However, I now know she has low porosity hair, which is why all the Shea Moisture pure Shea and Cocoa butter products I’ve been buying haven’t done anything but weigh her hair down to droopy.

Tonight we did a reset wash with the VO5, used a bit of Loreal El Vive Smooth Intense conditioner (not listed on CG, but checked ingredients on the isitcg? Site and was ok) and Suave Coconut conditioner to brush through and put in Saran Wrap. Had her get out of the tub so I could hair dry the Saran Wrap, which she thought looked and felt hilarious! After rinsing most but not all out I put on the home made Flaxseed Oil Gel I made from Naptural85’s video on low porosity hair (https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=os0gI1vx1tw). It was pretty gross putting on since it looked and felt like snot and drool mixed together 🤣. Then I went through and finger curled the ones that needed direction and defused on medium heat and low velocity for a really long time. It’s still wet, though- at least I know why now! She sleeps “on” a silk pillowcase, but doesn’t usually end up there in the morning so frizz and flat curls have been a problem for us.
We have the Dep gel and Herbal Essences mousse we had been using too, but she HATES the crunchy feel when it dries. Here’s to hoping the Flaxseed oil gel works well!"
LabLady0,dxuh63,"Glycerine free KY jelly for the frizz.&&&No. I wash when my scalp feels dirty. The feel of product in my hair doesn't bother me. I use suave essentials tropical coconut conditioner and Ouidad curl immersion low lather coconut cleaning conditioner cowash. Don't really notice a difference. The key for me is scrubbing for several minutes with the pads of my fingers, then continuing to scrub as I wash it out.&&&Scrubbing my scalp, I mean."
PauseAndThinkAboutIt,dxuh63,"First of all, if gel and curl cream is making your roots feel greasy and gross, you're applying them too close to the roots.  The should only be applied from mids to ends.  Using a leave-in conditioner alone probably isn't going to help you control frizz.

When you cowash, you need to make sure you're massaging your scalp thoroughly.  Using a scalp brush helps, but if you don't spend enough time scrubbing your scalp, it won't come clean enough.  I have fine and thin hair that can build up easily, and I have no issue cowashing the majority of the time.  The only time I need to use a shampoo is if I go way too long between washes and get itchy.

I'm thinking your biggest issue is technique."
_im_just_a_girl_,dxuh63,"Can anyone recommend a co wash/conditioning cleanser that will make my scalp feel as clean as lathering shampoo but moisturize like a cream? More info and routine in comments&&&&&&Does this method make you have to wash more frequently though? That's the other reason I've stopped using gels and other creams... my hair felt so dirty and grimy way sooner than I was needing to wash when I was using them.&&&Current routine: wash once or twice a week with Cantu's cleansing cream shampoo (it lathers which drew me to it), Tresemme botanique conditioner and I leave in some of the conditioner or use some Knot Today by Kinky Curly. Heat free for months, color free for years.

When I tried co washes/conditioning cleansers in the past, I didnt feel like my scalp was getting as clean as I thought it should, so I started using this lathering shampoo and I have so much frizz that I cannot get rid of at my crown down to my ears. I also felt like leave in products like gel and curl creams made my roots feel greasier immediately upon drying. It just goes from frizzy to greasy so I've been only leaving a conditioner. Please help!"
catgirl1359,dxuh63,Eden bodyworks coconut cowash cleanses really well.
heartbrokenandok,dxuh63,"My hair is fine and wavy and seems to get dirty really fast. I'm also prone to the ""dirty itchy scalp"" feeling from scalp build up. Lately I've been absolutely in love with the As I Am Coconut Cowash. It comes in a big tub, my hair always feel amazingly soft and moisturized afterwards, and it feels CLEAN. From scalp to tips, my hair feels just as clean as if I'd used shampoo. I'm currently playing with how often I need to poo my hair, but I use this stuff at least every other time I wet it, and I'm in love."
HarlanPeppersPineNut,dxubch,Oh wow what a transformation - dem ringlets tho! 🙌🏻
chandlerhhhh,dxubch,"My curly hair progression! I started taking care of my curls in August 2018. Here's my hair from November 2017 (the worst it's ever looked) to November 2018 to October 2019! (Please ignore my general appearance in the first pic, I was on a lot of pain meds for a shoulder injury 🤣)&&&&&&My routine: wash with DevaCurl's original low poo, condition with DevaCurl's original one condition. After rinsing, spray all over with Maui Moisture Heat Shield Mist. Then use 3-4 pumps of the DevaCurl styling cream and brush through with my denman brush. Section hair and add DevaCurl's Ultra Defining Gel, brush through with denman brush on each section. Scrunch, then diffuse until about 75% dry and let the rest air dry!&&&That's so crazy! Here's hoping you have similar results!&&&Thank you! I never thought it'd be possible, but my hair is a completely different curl pattern!"
thatveggal,dxubch,Starting the cg method as well.... I have similar hair and I'm doing it with shoulder pain! The struggle is real! Hopefully it gets curlier  soon!
