index,id,comments
Grendelbeans,bysw5h,"I have very fine wavy hair. Without gel, though, it’s almost straight. I have had issues with some products being too heavy for my hair, including some much loved favorites on this sub. A lot of brands have a line meant for fine or wavy hair. I recommend trying those products."
HaveCourageToExist,bysw5h,"What curl type did you have before you cut it? I wonder if anything in my routine would help. If you want to go to my profile, my most recent post has a fairly detailed routine in the comments. I can try to troubleshoot with you if you want. 

So far, gels have not weighed down my hair at all, they've helped keep my waves/curls in tact all day."
spideyboye,bysw5h,"Advice for newbie??&&&I cut all my hair off (as in all of it, I donated it), and was excited for new growth and healthier hair ect, and it does seem healthy to me, but my waves/curls just lack so much life. After freshly washing I can see them trying to form, but heard so easy “pulled out”, leaving me with really weak waves, if that.

Before I cut all my hair off, my hair would be kinda flat at the crown, start waving around my face and then fully curl once it passed my jaw. 

Stumbling across this sub has given me hope I can achieve the hair I want, but I’m anxious in choosing the right products and methods for my hair. I don’t want to pick ones that will weigh down the curls, such as gels or mousse, or just putting so many products in my hair. 

Any guidance or experience shared would be lovely!!

Edit: I have read the whole guide, I’m just wanting to hear from peoples personal perspective.&&&I’m gonna say it’s probably 2B, with a bit of 2C sometimes. But they fall out pretty easily if I keep tugging on them/brush them ect. 

I’ll go check out your routine now!! Thanks for the reply!!&&&Ah ok, that sounds very similar to mine. Obviously this is my first steps into this method, but in the past I’ve noticed certain products make it near-straight.

Edit: I mistook your username for someone else JSJSBSJNS sorry about that. Thanks for commenting!!"
RiddleMeThis1213,bysv9f,What is a good chlorine removal shampoo for curly hair?&&&I am in a chlorinated pool 5 days a week. Right now I have been using Ultra Swim Shampoo between one and two times a week. I have only used it a few times and it doesn't seem to dry my hair out too much. I noticed today that it does have ingredients that aren't CG approved. Are there other swim shampoos that would be better?
freesmarches,bysv9f,Ion Swimmer's Shampoo.
Arr0zconleche,bysczq,"Hello! First post here. Help me find out my curl type?&&&&&&Currently I only wash my hair once every 3-4 days with not your mothers volume shampoo, and condition every 1-2 days with not your mothers volume conditioner.

I use MIELLE twisting soufflé when my hair is pretty damp to define my curl. I use an open finger methods and comb through my curls while my head is upside down."
mangoswisherguts,bysczq,3a-b
Primin_Bard,bys85o,"I want to straighten my 3A curls while they grow out but want to make sure I can protect them while doing so.&&&I really feel way more confident with my hair straightened because it falls down nicely below my ears instead of curling upwards. I know I should be patient and just let it grow but it's such a confidence boost to have it down for the time being.

My routine at the moment is showering at night cowashing with a silicone free conditioner (Tresemme nourish and replenish), letting my hair dry overnight, using a heat protectant (Tresemme keratin smooth heat protect spray) and then using a flat iron at 400 defrees. I'm looking for a sulfate free strengthening shampoo and silicone free conditioner, and I guess a leave on conditioner to further protect it? I'm not really sure what I'm doing and having difficulty finding information. I don't wanna damage my hair permanently, I love my curls, I just want to feel confident while I'm growing it out."
dxrlingdxrko,bys85o,Shea moisture Jamaican black castor oil is sulphate and silicone free shampoo and conditioner and it’s designed to strengthen heat and chemically treated hair
fives8,bys780,"I have this issue too! I’ve been thinking about clipping my roots from the back of my head while still in the shower before I add my final products. Haven’t tried it yet tho. I’ll report back if I do haha! Sometimes adding layers or a fresh cut can do more for volume tho.

I do find that adding my products NOT upside down but rather flipping my hair from side to side solved my weird cowlick clumping problem but it is a bit more frizzy. I try to just do the very top parts of my hair upside down but it’s super hard 😩"
lalacurls,bys780,"I don't have a cowlick but I quit washing etc. Upside down because it was making weird clumps that didn't look right when right side up. Now I dangle with conditioner right side up, take the top section like 3 inches wide from my forehead to my crown and comb it straight up with my fingers, then I let it fall and s2c tilting my head right and left as I go. I rinse right side up but then scrunch excess water upside down and apply gel etc upside down using prayer hands to not bust up my clumps. I still get volume but no awkward scalp clumps."
lebaronmama,bys780,"Curl direction after s2c&&&I'm hoping I can explain this well... And fyi I have a pretty strong cowlick on the back left of my head, on the crown of my head. It is where my part used to end (when I brushed and parted my hair before CG).

Okay, so I'm struggling with the direction of my hair after my entire shower routine. I flip my head up and the roots are plastered forward on my scalp (I think this is why I am having trouble getting volume).

When I s2c, I try to run my fingers through my hair and keep my head really far down (like I am almost bent in half) to try and pull all the roots off my scalp completely. Then I s2c, apply my products, use microfiber to get a,bit of water out, but by the time I flip my head over to apply a but more product and finish getting ready, my roots have collapsed forward and my cowlick is flipping hair from the back of my head up over the top....

 So I guess my question is: how can I maintain volume in my roots? How can I get my clumps going in a good direction, instead of falling forward when I stand upright? I hope this makes sense, any help is appreciated!&&&Thank you, this is awesome! I'm going to try your method today, here's to hoping I get the same results 😊&&&I can definitely try that. Do you diffuse upside down?&&&I feel your pain! I'm only a few months in, and it feels like a constant game sometimes... Do I want less frizz and more cowlick? Or do I live with the frizz to get my cowlick to lay nicely?? Let me know if clipping in the shower helps!!"
playbyk,bys780,"I blow dry my hair upside down and this helps a ton! I use a concentrator attachment on my roots and do that first. Then I diffuse the rest. IGK’s 30,00 Feet Powder Spray and Rahua Voluminous Spray help with root volume too!"
sillywabbitcurls,bys780,"I habe this exact problem. What I’ve found works somewhat for me. Diffuse my roots first before drying the rest of my hair.  Clip the roots back while I diffuse the rest of my hair starting with my cowlick. When the cowlick is 1/2 dry, I clip that section so the roots are standing up. I can do this with 1 claw clip. It’s helped but not 100% solving my problem"
MarchKick,byrfe8,What is this product called? I saw it on a TikTok and I want to try it out and the girl's hair was so pretty.&&&&&&Aight cool! Thanks. Is it a leave in or?&&&Routine: Wash 2 days a week (about 3-4 days apart)with nexxus shampoo. Then use kinky curly leave in cond. and frizz buster from fantasia. Sometimes use hair silk from Mixed Chicks.
WitchSlap,byrfe8,Marc Anthony  Strictly Curls! I just finished my first bottle of the gel and I'm def picking up more. No 'crunch' in that scrunch!
fives8,byrfe8,Pretty sure it’s not CG (if that’s important to you) but I know many curlies who love it regardless
daniellamaria777,byr7wf,"I finally did it! Homemade flax seed gel&&&&&&1/2 cup whole flaxseeds, boiled in 2 cups of water, strained through a nylon, added the meat of one huge aloe stalk from my plant and two drops of essential oil for scent. I’m loving the shine and softness!&&&I’d say it feels less “heavy” if that makes sense and almost no frizz despite the super-humid day&&&Thanks! My hair seems to really like aloe too. This had that very goopy slimy texture, like the aloe does, so I was worried,  but it acted just like my usual hair gel in that I got a nice cast and hold and it scrunched out nicely.&&&Oh I almost forgot, applied with praying hands in 3 sections and then scrunched in. Air dried and SOTC when 100% dry (most of the day lol)&&&Wow thank you !😊"
freesmarches,byr7wf,Gorgeous!
wolfelena724,byr7wf,"My hair **loves** aloe, but it doesn't give it any hold or definition. I bet the flax seed gel makes up for that! Sounds like an excellent combo, and looks great!"
lollersk8s,byr5sp,"Sticky/tacky/frizzy... starting to get a bit overwhelmed and frustrated. Please help with routine!&&&&&&Ok I’ll give that a try thank you! My only concern is that I’m trying to get more moisture in, so not sure how to do that without weighing it down as well...&&&I have been on CG for maybe a little more than a month

Routine: Co-wash daily with Suave Essentials. Condition with suave essentials, Squish 2 Condish until most of the conditioner is out (leave some in), lightly scrunch out water with microfiber towel so it’s not dripping wet, put some more suave essentials on my hands and run fingers through hair to coat all my curls, leave to set and then scrunch out the crunch. Sometimes I do the last step with Devacurl light defining gel instead. I usually get a similar outcome. I only used both suave essentials and devacurl gel together once as it really weighed my hair down and made it unmanageable and tacky to the touch.&&&My two main complaints with my routine right now are that my hair is still frizzy and that it feels tacky/sticky to the touch which makes it more difficult to style in a neat way. Before CG I conditioned with OGX Argan Oil conditioner, then sprayed the heck out of my hair with Enjoy leave in conditioning spray followed by Argan Magic oil. I feel like my hair was getting a lot more moisture then and was also less tacky/sticky and more manageable.  However, none of those products are CG friendly. 

My hair is in a somewhat difficult transition length, so I just want to be able to style it into a neat, natural Jew fro with defined curls all around, nothing fancy as long is it doesn’t loop sloppy and frizzy. What products would you recommend to get more moisture in and let me have more manageable, neat curls? I just bought the Tresemme Botinique coconut and aloe conditioner and the Shea Moisture Curl Milk. Would a combination of those two products get me closer to what I’m looking for?

I used suave essentials for conditioner and the Shea curl milk today and it came out messy and tacky to the touch still.  I’d love something that gives me more moisture but leaves the curls feeling and falling more naturally. Thanks for all your communal wisdom so far!!"
okpickle,byr5sp,"Maybe rinse out all the conditioner and not put more in afterwards--and especially not after it's towel dried? I know a lot of people on here like to keep some conditioner in, but my hair gets weighed down and gross if I do that."
KareBexar,byqqji,"Finally did my Big Chop™!&&&&&&Luckily my hair didn't have a lot of damage so I'm going to donate my hair to a charity. 

Routine: 

-Shampoo with SheaMoisture Jamaican Black Castor Oil Strengthen & Restore Shampoo (as needed)

-Condition with Deva Curl One Condition

-Apply a quarter size amount of SheaMoisture Fruit Fusion Coconut Water Weightless Styling Mousse to roots

-Apply a quarter size amount of Deva Curl Wave Maker to lengths of hair and scrunch

-Diffuse until dry

-Frolick through the Texas heat for 3 mins before it's still too damn hot even though you just cut off 10 inches of hair

Edited for easier readability&&&Thanks! I'm excited to be back to short..I started my CG journey when my hair was about shoulder length and just grew it out from there. Super pumped to cut down on time and product use."
altge0,byqqji,I love it! Suits you a lot!
ParkLord97,byqk28,"Curlies CAN rock hats!!!&&&&&&For clarity, I used to be told my hair was too poofy for a hat to sit “right” without looking clownish. I think not!!!! I’ve posted my routine here before(: looks a little shiny here bc it was still damp.&&&Thank you so much!!(:"
Shay_Mar,byqk28,You are stunning!
e1dar,byq2g3,"Curly haired adventurer’s guide to the outdoors&&&&&&As an outdoors-woman I really appreciated this article from the wonderful resource Melanin Base Camp. My 2c-3a hair is easier to manage outside, but so important for folks like me who adventure and lead trips with people who have different hair types."
LittleTinyFriedEggs,byprff,Can you explain the ion protein treatment?
WeAreStarless,byprff,oh man your curls are so great! wish i could copy your routine but it's not CG approved :(
piglewiggle,byprff,"So happy I finally found a routine that works for me!&&&&&&My routine:

I wash every other day with Marc Anthony coconut oil shampoo (which I really like because it’s paraben and sulfate free). I scrub my roots with that and then I comb out the excess with a wide tooth shower comb. After, I flip upside down and put a huge squirt of the matching conditioner in my hand and squish to condish, then I rinse out (while still upside down and still scrunching gently). 

After that I scrunch out all excess water. Then I scrunch in some Carol’s Daughter Mimosa Hair Honey, and plop for 40 min/ an hour. 

Every 2 or 3 weeks I cleanse with an apple cider vinegar and baking soda paste. Once a month I use an Ion protein treatment!

Edit: also I’m realizing this pic sorta sucks... does anyone else have a super hard time getting a good pic of their curls?!?&&&Thank you! I used CG as a base when coming up with a routine and then tweaked it (a lot) to fit my lifestyle and hair type. I viewed it more as recommended guidelines haha."
Bilinguallipbalm,byprec,Garnier Whole Blends Conditioner&&&I'm super new to the curly girl method and it's kinda hard finding the right products where I live. Is the cranberry and argan oil conditioner from the Whole Blends line curly girl approved?
fives8,byprec,I think the only one that’s ok is the olive oil one.
freesmarches,byprec,The only CG-approved conditioner in the Whole Blends line is the Legendary Olive one.
lady_fire,byprec,I don't think any of the whole blends are CG approved. Pretty sure they all have silicone in them.
cantbanme69,bypgms,You're not supposed to use towels on your hair. Use a cotton t-shirt. Some people use a microfiber towel tho.
maybe-im-real,bypgms,Have you tried using the gel recommended in the basic routine? I’ve also tried the herbal essences gel and it worked really well to get refined curls
nicklebackisgay,bypgms,"Need help&&&Ive been trying the curly girl method(i think) and haven't gotten much results and I'm not sure how to get curls to stay pretty or look nice. Ive been doing the squish condition thing and then towell drying my hair and using a curl cream the one from btz i think and it hasnt made much of a difference please help( reddit wont upload my images for some reason but you can see my hair on my ig @siouxsielouwho)
Edit: products i use are the joico color endure shampoo(my hair is dyed pink sulfate free is a must) and the bed head dumb blonde conditioner( i dont rlly like it its very thick and its bright yellow lmao) and curl cream is btz noodle head&&&No! I dont really no too much about the method I'm very new to it and haven't tried to much yet, what gel is recommended to use?&&&Oh okay i didnt know thank you!"
sebvonna,bypey9,"I'm not having much success yet, but thanks to this sub I'm learning so much about my hair&&&I've been doing CGM for about two months now. My hair is starting to get some of its ringlets back, but nothing impressive.

Something I've started noticing is that my hair is freaking t h i r s t y.  I didn't realize just how desperately it needs motorizer until CGM. I'm also using agreeable products instead of just trying (and failing) with random products that usually just made my hair greasy.

I guess those silicones just hid all the damage to my hair?"
