index,id,comments
grimalkinlake,ehgxli,"First time trying some of the things I've learned here plus LUS curly products&&&&&&Routine:
I wash about twice a week with the LUS shampoo, then condition mostly the ends with the matching conditioner. First time trying the squish technique! I leave it in for a few minutes while I shower, then detangle with a wide tooth comb. Rinse most of it out except for the ends. 

(I've seen some reports of the LUS shampoo drying out hair, but so far I'm happy with it since I use it pretty sparingly and my hair tends to need a strong cleanser anyway or it gets kind of gummy.)

Next is the all in one. I found the key to the LUS leave-in really is using it on SOAKED hair and that I can use a lot less of it that way, which is nice because I'm used to going through a ton of leave-in. (Helps that I shaved the sides a few months ago too, lol) Comb with a wide tooth comb, shaping any errant curls. Air dry or use a diffuser on cool for a couple minutes if I need it to dry quicker.

The leave-in dries clear. It can leave a bit of crunch, but that goes away after an hour or two of having it down.

All in all, I'm really happy with the LUS products. I used to swear by Alaffia Beautiful Curls, but they discontinued it for good, so I was scrambling for a replacement that gave me the kind of look and feel I liked. I hadn't found anything that worked until now. A nice plus is that althought the Alaffia made my hair look great, the buildup on my scalp was insane. So far my skin has been happy with the LUS products, which is really rare for me."
b00bpunch,ehguf6,"Suggestions for increasing definition without too much product?&&&&&&Thank you for the suggestions! I thought protein would be a bad idea for me due to the low porosity, but honestly I haven't tried it so might as well. I just bought 2 liters of GVP conditioning balm (contains glycerin) because they had a sale :( I guess I'll start with the protein first and then try a different conditioner a little later. I've avoided glycerin before, but willing to try it again.&&&Current routine:
Wash with RenPure Lemon Tea Tree Sage shampoo, then condition with GVP Conditioning balm. At the end of my shower, I flip my head down and squish in Curls Blueberry Bliss Repairative Leave In Conditioner and Aussie Instant Freeze gel. Just yesterday I did a deep condition with Cantu Deep Treatment Masque.

Then I scrunch out excess water with a Turbie Twist and usually plop or pineapple a few minutes. Today I diffused but not always. It feels like it need lots more moisture, but I have issues with my hair getting sticky and weighed down if I use too much product or products too heavy for my hair (such as Carol's Daughter Hair Milk). I believe my hair is low porosity. I also live in a very humid climate."
trevorishy,ehguf6,"Add protein into your routine(products with protein or DIY gelatin and rice water rinse), keep using the strong hold gel, and use products that are lightweight and glycerin free because humid air would make your hair limp or frizzes with the excess moisture, making it to loose curl definition."
nruthh,ehgfnc,Goals 😭😍
paradaart,ehgfnc,Washed hair- Dried after wash and 2nd day after wash with a trim.&&&&&&Awwww thank you! I stopped straightening my hair for more than 3 years and I’ve never dyed it.... That made a big difference.&&&Routine: I wash with shampoo every 3 days but condition almost every day. I comb throughly with my fingers. I apply Garnier Curly smoothie while damped through out the hair and let it air dry. My hair stay good for two days.
SerenaFit,ehgbfr,What kind ?
barbellsnbooks,ehgbfr,"You could try Lush’s Jungle conditioner bar. It’s pretty easy to use (see video on their site). 

https://www.lushusa.com/hair/conditioners/jungle/05987.html"
carinabelle,ehgbfr,"Trying Conditioner Bars To Help Reduce Plastics...&&&&&&Routine: This was Wash Day: Plaine Products Shampoo and Viori “Terrace Garden” conditioner bar. Squished to condish the best I could after applying the conditioner bar (first time use), and just air dried. 

Question: Curls seem okay, but the conditioner bar seemed hard to use with my hair and felt rough on my curls during application? I know there is a learning curve, but is there any recommendations and or tips/tricks for using the conditioner bar and getting an even coating? 

Thank you in advance! I appreciate this community so much!"
wakalish,ehgbfr,Looks great!
WeAreStarless,ehg742,"check out the stickied post on top of the sub called ""start here! beginner info"" for all the (links to the) information you need to know! the [curly guide](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Q6Dj9WAZxlfBhJSyS5on2rw3-if5cOV3oV-dQ3B0AHA/edit#) in particular is very informative"
juliemariesmith3,ehg742,"Help on switching to natural styling after years of heat styling&&&Hi! I desperately want to switch over to styling my hair with the curly girl method-I have 2c hair that is highly porous and dense. I have fine hair, but a lot of it. I’ve been blow drying and straightening my hair for years, but I want to get my hair to be healthy again! I’ve been reading up on products, but is there any other advice I need to know before taking the plunge?"
Kitten7383,ehg45n,I’m interested!
banana_bunny,ehg45n,"Giving away ""Bonnet Hood Hair Dryer Attachment Hair Flair Deluxe Softhood""&&&I'm giving away this hair dryer attachment:

https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00AELX08E/ref=ppx_yo_dt_b_search_asin_title?ie=UTF8&psc=1

I used it once and it didn't work well for me - I just have too much hair. I am happy to ship it to anyone in the US who is interested  (please PM me).

I think this would work well for someone with short - medium hair."
jbinkl01,ehg3w8,"Well, I am glad someone enjoyed it, I think I love the version with Winona Ryder too much to accept this new one. Probably didn’t help that this rude elderly couple behind me would not shut up! Lol

I thought it was hilariously misfitting that they had Bob Odenkirk as the father! I’ll never be able to see him as anyone other than Saul now."
lydiebug225,ehg3w8,I just saw it tonight and I came here looking through the 2B posts to see if anyone had posted pictures with their hair framing their face the way Jo’s did because I’m getting my hair cut tomorrow 😅 I love that I came across this in my ~research~
surf-actant,ehg3w8,"The wavies and curlies of Little Women&&&Just saw it, EXCELLENT. Everyone and everything is beautiful, and the story (kissing my fingers)  delicious...

But the hair! Saorse Ronan and Timothee Chalamet especially.  She has fine 2a 2b, and he has full on 2c 3a. Luscious.

In the hour since I've seen the movie, I've checked out the pr featurettes and interviews on YTub... She seems to have naturally straight hair, but he is full on naturally wavy. My gosh, he is so gorgeous.

See it, and not just for the hair! :-)&&&MY FRIEND AND I LAUGHED OUT LOUD WHEN HE CAME ON SCREEN, TOO!!!"
FractiousPhoebe,ehfyi6,Its possible. I had a childhood friend who's hair was straight until puberty then it went to a 3c. I had the lightest wave in my hair before I had my son then hormones decided that my hair is now 2c/3a.
JustASadBubble,ehfyi6,"Idk if you want to get into genetics, but 
 Curly hair is dominant, so they could still both have the straight (recessive) allele, potentially giving you both recessive alleles making your hair straight 

Hair genetics doesn’t work quite this simple, but it’s fine for your example"
sne4ky_snak3,ehfyi6,"Why my parents have curly hair but I don't?&&&Both of my parents have curly hair but I have straight hair. Will my hair change during puberty from straight to curly? I hope it does!

It happened the same to my dad, when he was a child his hair was straight but when he was 14-16 years old his hair turned curly.&&&whats 2c, 3a...??"
whatspoppinwhatsgood,ehfyi6,"Could potentially happen, my mom has curly hair and my dad has straight hair, my three siblings have pin straight hair and I have wavy/curly hair that only hit at puberty. I’ve heard lots of people saying their hair gets curlier with puberty and other life changes"
WeAreStarless,ehffb5,"for gel, i use aussie instant freeze, which is free of all humectants including propylene glycol!"
greendaze6787,ehffb5,"Propylene-Glycol-free product recommendations for a Beginner Curly Hair Routine?&&&I am looking to start a curly hair routine soon. But, I'm having trouble finding good products to use, because I have eczema and have gotten patch testing done in the past that indicated that I am allergic to propylene glycol.

Tresemme botanique nourish and replenish coconut and aloe vera conditioner does not contain propylene glycol, so I will probably use that for cowashing. But, I am having trouble finding a good clarifying shampoo and a good gel without propylene glycol that is also a CG approved product. Can anyone help me out?"
AdderallNaps,ehfbgv,"I've had similar situations, and my theory is that it's the refresh that helps things bounce up. If you continually used that sulfate filled shampoo, your hair would get really dry, but when it's been healthy and moisturized for a good while then you scrub all that build up out, it's so bouncy!"
ClaidissaStar,ehfbgv,Unfortunately when I'm too lazy to apply my styling products it dries into a stringy rat nest 😞
Crucial_times,ehfbgv,Amazing curls!!!
ErrantWhimsy,ehfbgv,"I do this on purpose, I've got wavy hair and I hit it with clarifying shampoo once a month followed by a deep conditioner. It makes it so much happier!"
Kinae66,ehfbgv,You may have had some product build up and the hotel shampoo cleaned it off. ?
Princess_Amnesie,ehfbgv,"You know what, sometimes after I've been swimming and my hair air dries, it turns out utterly perfect. There is literally no rhyme or reason. Actually the only constant is if I'm TRYING to not have terrible hair, that's when it dries badly.&&&That face is hilarious. That's EXACTLY the face I make when I have a great hair day because usually I can't figure out why tf it happened lol"
ProjectStarscream_Ag,ehfbgv,That’s talkin ta gosh stuff that’s not I never said gosh darn I don’t even know how I understand what’s being said about arise ste haze arise and fix this fking mes
StarryLindsay,ehfbgv,"Gorgeous! And I mean both your hair and your ""Hey, not too shabby!"" face you're making! LOL
Today I'm having an incredible hair day... While tending to the sick husband man. What a waste."
Tarutarumandalorian,ehfbgv,I love the look of surprised acceptance on your face; second only to your darling hair. Looks beautiful!
ThatSwirledGirl,ehfbgv,"In addition to gorgeous hair, your eyeliner looks great!"
allymumu,ehfbgv,"Recently realized that my hair looks better without product. It’s just so fine right now that a tighter, more defined curl actually makes my hair look thinner and stringy. Maybe one day I’ll find a product for me, but for now I’m just winging it without 🤷‍♀️"
awesomeblosom,ehfbgv,This is what I was thinking - I'm sure it clarified the hell out of her hair! Every once in a while it might not be a bad idea to use the harsh stuff.
b0op,ehfbgv,Your top (dress?) is gorgeous (so is your hair)! Where did you get it?
backwardsbloom,ehfbgv,"Yes! About once a month I use head and shoulders, then 3 minute miracle (pretty sure that’s not cgm either, but eh) I have such bouncy, albeit lightly frizzy, hair."
bingbongtake2long,ehfbgv,"There is something about the water in hotels, I am telling you..."
blckrainbow,ehfbgv,"Yeah while that sounds good and your hair turned out awesome, BUT if you have been CG for some time and use non-CG products, obviously you won't see the 'bad' after just one use. Just like CGM takes a while to work and see results, same applies going backwards."
burnzie43,ehfbgv,Gorgeous curls and that’s a lovely color on you!
emmalump,ehfbgv,"I was freaking out about forgetting my toiletries and having to use hotel shampoo/conditioner the day of a wedding. Ended up having one of the best hair days since starting CG&&&&&&Oh no!! That’s how it usually goes for me so I was fully expecting a hot mess today and brought lots of bobby pins and hair ties in my purse&&&Routine:
Like I mentioned, I’m on an overnight trip for a wedding and had timed wash day so that it would be day of so I would have the best chance with my curls. I realized after I checked into the hotel and didn’t have time to run to the store so I prayed to all the hair gods and washed with the shampoo and conditioner they provided (no idea what they are, they’re hotel branded). 

After I got out of the shower I followed my normal routine: Liberally spray with Redken One United multi-benefit spray with head upside down, tousle near the roots to break up clumps and scrunch product into hair. Squish excess water out with t shirt 
Mix fructis garnier all clean gel with Pantene curl affair cream (a few pea-size blobs of each) and then scrunch in upside down. Air dry scrunching periodically (not sure this helps, I just can’t help touching my hair) then tousle again at the roots for volume!

Edit: I can’t believe I forgot to mention that it was an outdoor ceremony and it RAINED so this was my hair after getting soaked and redrying!&&&Believe it or not it’s a wide leg jumpsuit made by Romwe and was $20 on amazon!! It’s SUPER comfortable and cute and I get compliments every time I wear it&&&Thank you!! It’s a wide leg jumpsuit I found on amazon for $20 and it’s now my go-to holiday party/winter wedding outfit&&&That’s what I’m assuming happened, although I just did a clarifying wash a few weeks ago so I wouldn’t think I’d have that much buildup!&&&That is exactly my face&&&Thank you! I’m actually TERRIBLE with eyeliner so I just load mascara on at the base of my lashes&&&Absolutely!! I just did some sleuthing this morning and it turns out the shampoo and conditioner are shockingly GC friendly! The bottle said “organic” on it so I was trying to convince myself that meant it wouldn’t have crap in it but at the time I thought I was just telling myself that"
farmerbrit,ehfbgv,Yes! Sometimes your hair just needs to breathe. I'm a firm believer in that.
hatarnardethander,ehfbgv,"My best hair is when I do the least with it - shower, get the excess water out, brush it into place or use my fingers to comb it, and just leave to airdry.

When I start using shampoo, conditioner, leave ins, styling products thats when I want to just shave it all off. Also for the fact that Ive never found a styling product that works for me (mousse, gel, wax, saltwater, beewax, pomade, you name it Ive tried it) so I just got used to leaving it to airdry."
hoderyeeterson,ehfbgv,"Her face is like ""Oh fuck. I ain't even mad"" lol"
imabroodybear,ehfbgv,The other day I used a new conditioner and my hair looked amazing. The next time I got in the shower I realized it was actually shampoo - I had just double shampooed and not conditioned! What?!
jacketwithlegs,ehfbgv,And that’s the tea
kayemdubs,ehfbgv,My hair always looks great when it rains. I think it’s the extra moisture!
kiklulu,ehfbgv,Hotel soap is incredible.
lionorderhead,ehfbgv,I've heard of doing a clarifying wash once every few months. Maybe using the sulfate shampoo helped
lissawaxlerarts,ehfbgv,This happens to me a lot too! I look forward to it.
liveoakislander,ehfbgv,Unrelated- love that dress!
lunalily22,ehfbgv,I’ve noticed with my hair that switching up my products every couple months keeps it fresh!
neutralsky,ehfbgv,"Honestly, one day I gave up on always reading ingredients and having to go to a special store just to get shampoo and spending 10 years drying my hair on the cool setting. So I started being more relaxed about CG. I still have a routine that I stick to and certain rules I never break, but honestly there's no noticeable difference. I have good hair days and bad hair days, just like before, only now my life is a lot easier. I even bleached and dyed my hair the other day! It still looks and feels great."
r2_me2,ehfbgv,"Not to be the bearer of bad news but... the pantene cream you're using isn't CG, it has silicones in it. Your curls look great with it though, so who cares, I'd keep using it."
ravenclawster,ehfbgv,"Not getting married but I went through something similar yesterday. I had taken the hotel's little samples of conditioner and body lotion into my shower instead of shampoo. I've heard of co washing before, so tried to drench my hair in conditioner and leave it up to that. Best decision. My hair was looking so good, so glossy and somewhat frizz less."
rochellep504,ehfbgv,I never put product just wash and condition and let dry. I often dont even scrunch and if pieces aren't curled good all I have to do is spray those pieces with just water then scrunch that piece and my hair normally works out good for me. That's with my bleached hair and dove shampoo and conditioner. So nothing special or expensive or even time consuming.
sqrk_,ehfbgv,Smb make a shocked Pikachu meme with curly hair
stopmakinghumans,ehfbgv,"You should try Redken Curvaceous full swirl. It’s the gel and cream in one! I don’t have curly hair, but my clients that do, love it! Unfortunately the one product probably costs the same as the other two combined. (But you can get points at Ulta?!? 😊)"
surpriseDRE,ehfbgv,"Occasionally after I wash my hair I’ll be too lazy to put product in, scrunch, etc and it’ll often turn out JUST as good! Makes me wonder if we’re all fooling ourselves sometimes haha"
timory,ehfbgv,"My hair definitely looks like garbage without product BUT it doesn't matter if it's CG. My theory is that as long as you go through the basic motions  (S2C doesn't matter but detangling with conditioner does, as does putting in gel while it's really wet), it looks great. Silicones are my friends."
valeryrpmohrman,ehex6t,"Live casino in Malaysia, roulette, baccarat, blackjack – WGW93&&&"
BedazzledGarbage,ehehfe,"I break out from literally anything, but I have had good luck with Aussie Instant Freeze Gel.

It is very strong and a little goes a long way. I live in Southwest Florida so I need something with that kind of hold to avoid frizziness."
DoYouWannaB,ehehfe,"Help with products&&&I recently started using the CG method (approximately 4 months ago). It's been great to my hair and I am pleased with the results.

I have sensitive skin so I have to be careful on products I use. I found a shampoo and conditioner that work. I doubt it's them because I used them for about 2 weeks before adding in the styling step and didn't have issues then.

No, I'm having issues with gels. Everything I've tried has caused me to have serious break-outs and/or rashes. So far I've tried:
Deva Curl B'Leavin
LA Looks
Kinky Curl
Herbal Essences

I know there are a ton of others that are on the CG list but this is getting expensive and frustrating. I've never really had skin problems until switching over to CG. I would really love for some suggestions on products that are good for others with sensitive skin because I'm getting close to giving up.&&&Thanks for the suggestion! I didn't have too many issues using Aussie products in the past (other than the shampoo/conditioner drying my hair out) so it's good to know that they have a gel that works.&&&Thanks for the suggestions! I really appreciate them.&&&My scalp hasn't had a ton of issues. It's more my neck, face, and shoulders that are breaking out everywhere. I might try to the homemade route if I keep having issues. Good to know that flaxseed is one that works/does well!"
Trev_x,ehehfe,"Do you plop with gel in your hair? My scalp tended to itch after plopping, so I don’t bother with it. I also try not to get the gel all the way to my roots either. Have you tried homemade flaxseed gel?

Right now my gel is AG gel-mousse but my skin is only somewhat sensitive."
trevorishy,ehehfe,Try Free and Clear styling gel or styling gel without fragrance for kids.
flannelthief69,eheec2,awesome curls!
send-cats-asap,eheec2,"I’m jealous, your curls are amazing! They look so shiny and healthy!"
the-persian-km,eheec2,"Can't get enough of this christmas photo which is making me really thankful for curls&&&&&& 

Routine: I wash once or twice a week with oneka shampoo and  conditioner, and use artnaturals leave-in every day and after shower . AcV rinse one every month or two. Also use emu oil and peppermint essential oil for frizz every so often&&&Why thank you!! If it makes ya feel better I have high porosity hair so moisture retention is terrible"
2c_throwaway2,ehe7kr,"One year of wavy hair progress. Healthier, happier, and curlier!&&&&&&Suave clarifying shampoo, suave coconut conditioner (scrunched in for 5 minutes and rinsed most of the way out), devacurl wave maker, LA looks blue gel (mixed w/wavemaker and scrunched into sopping wet hair). Wash 2x/week, refresh by spritzing with water. Plop in a t-shirt while I do my makeup, diffuse dry and scrunch off the gel cast.

It has been one year to the day since I started using the CG method on my hair. I love the progress my hair has seen! I also lost roughly 15 pounds between these two pics (which is a lot for a not-quite 5’ lady) and all around feel like I’m closing out 2019 on a much better note than 2018.&&&I do what water-lilies said! I put a little bit of my conditioner in a spray bottle with water and mist until it's nearly comletely wet again and then I diffuse and scrunch with a tshirt&&&It's actually only about an inch shorter in the right, i just have the longer back layers swept forward in the left pic. I did add in some minor layers though and I think that helped a lot!&&&Good thing your preferences mean absolutely nothing to me!"
Gotebe,ehe7kr,"The right one is too much for me, left looks better."
MegW1,ehe7kr,Love it!So gorgeous
SeparateOrange,ehe7kr,"Wow, gorgeous waves!"
biogenmom,ehe7kr,"You look great! I'm trying to work out my refresh procedure. Day 1 hair looks like yours but I can't wash daily and my refresh has not been good. Do you spray, add more product and plop?"
couchisland,ehe7kr,"Love it! Great job on the weight loss! My routine is similar to yours, I’m going to look into the devacurl."
gtfohbitchass,ehe7kr,From Dexter's sister to Robin Scherbatsky
mermetermaid,ehe7kr,"I love your hair! I've actually got a fairly similar curl pattern, so I might take a look at your routine and see what works for me. Aaaaaalso you look a little bit like Rachel Weisz. ;)"
myyusernameismeta,ehe7kr,"I already use this shampoo and conditioner, now I just need to try those other products, because my hair is a LOT like your before picture.

Your hair is absolutely gorgeous. #goals"
rosielombo00,ehe7kr,"I love this! My hair is a little curlier than the left picture and I’m wondering if you felt like chopping it shorter helped your curls? I’m going back and forth with leaving it long and cutting it the length on the right. If it will make my curls curlier, I’m so down!"
tignasse,ehe7kr,Jolie femme
tyrannosaurusflax,ehe7kr,Yes I see Rachel Weisz too!
water-lilies,ehe7kr,"Not op, but sometimes that's worked for me is putting a bit of the conditioner (I use the devacurl one condition delight) in a spray bottle and fill it up without water. Shake so they mix well, spray throughout, and diffuse a bit. It's really helped for 2nd and even 3rd day looks"
borntoBreewild,ehe6ay,"Just realized my ""unruly"" hair is wavy. Need help!&&&&&&Ok. I was sent here from hair care science because I was/am having hair issues. Ive had stick strait hair my whole life. Over the last 10 years its gotten incredibly thick and unruly with wavy patches. After visiting here and trying the mousse scrunch these easily popped up! I have no routine, but now I also look like a poodle. I just cut my bangs a few weeks ago but they are kinda wavy. I chopped off my hair in my bathroom a few weeks ago to shoulder length out of frustration. So please give me advice for your favorite shampoo/ mousse/ product whatever. I think I also need some layers. Well, alot of layers.

I should probably add too I have hard water issues and dye my hair about every 6 weeks."
ladyjangelline,ehe6ay,Check out the beginner post at the top of the sub.
Direct-HIIT,ehduow,I’d save the mask looking jar product that is all the way to the right as a once a week event. Perhaps try mask Monday’s.
ghost_sanctum,ehduow,"my hair is around 3A-3B when it’s not frizzy. I got some products for Christmas and I’m unsure how to incorporate them into a new regimen ? Any suggestions ?&&&&&&So usually my regimen is like this. ( when I’m not being lazy and just wearing hats/ beanies)

- Shea moisture curl & shine coconut and hibiscus at least once a week.

- Daily co-wash Shea moisture
- conditioner everyday. 
- I’ve been running my fingers through my hair in the shower.

- at night I have a night cap , I wet my hair and usually mix in the leave in conditioner mixed chicks and wear my night cap when I’m sleeping.

So I have a Shea moisture curl enhancing smoothie and devacurl moisture lock finishing spray, devacurl scalp and curl revitalization, and devacurl coconut curl styler I have no idea how to incorporate into my regimen.

I also like using this product callled not your mother’s beach babe texturizing sea salt spray. My hair seems to really like salt water"
gigililbee,ehduow,"That’s Shea Moisture’s curl smoothie, which is a fairly heavy curl cream. It should be used sparingly after the shower before gel or mousse if any is used."
trevorishy,ehduow,"I think the Devacurl super cream and the Shea moisture smoothie is pretty much same thing like the Mixed chick leave in but more moisturizing and heavier, and it wont make a difference when paired with one another useless you pair one of them with gel. The only hold product is the Devacurl set it free but I dont know how strong the hold is compared to using a gel."
