index,id,comments
George_Bush_Did_420,bij0bc,"I'm finally committing to growing my hair out, any tips for a beginner? (Btw I'm leaning because I dont fit in my mirror)&&&&&&I wash my hair with Tresemme Luxurious Moist about one to 3 or 4 times a week depending on my activities. (I'm in Florida so lake water things like that I always shampoo out).  I dont use any gel,(AutoMod sais to include that), and my long term goals are an afro, although that is more of a dream."
grethrowaway21,biilax,"Rice water for the win!&&&Started the CG mehod two weeks ago. There's been a lot of ups and downs. I have wavy hair and they just fall out so easily. 

Tonight I did my first rice water rinse. The results were marked. In the link the first pic is after rinsing it out, with no curl enhancing mouse/conditioner. The second is day two hair with curl enhancing product. I think things are looking up! 

I'll continue this experimentfor a couple more weeks, hopefully I can coax outsome more curls! 

https://m.imgur.com/a/89nez9T"
NessieV70,biifiv,"D.I.Y. Clarifier: Has anyone tried using an all natural home made clarifier, such as 2 Tbsp. lemon juice in your regular amount of conditioner?&&&&&&I can also add sea salt to remove the silicones & oils.&&&I believe lemon juice is the sane pH as vinegar & can be used in its place in this formula.&&&Dawn “takes grease out of the way”, LOL!  Did she use a microscope to be sure?"
catgirl1359,biifiv,What are you trying to clarify away? An acid can help with mineral buildup but if you’re trying to get out silicones or oils it’s not going to help.
freesmarches,biifiv,"I use apple cider vinegar clarifying rinses sometimes. I use a (quite strong) 1 part ACV to 3 or 4 parts water and apply with a squeeze bottle all around the crown and sides of my head. Massage with a slight lifting motion for a few minutes until you get a waxy feeling on your fingertips, or your hands are too tired. Rinse and then low-poo or co-wash and condition/style as usual. 

I've recently read in this sub that these types of concentrations of ACV are too strong for regular use. I only do this maybe once a month, so maybe that's why I've always had good results ."
wrendamine,biifiv,"There's a blog post off Google in which a woman details her experiments with removing silicone with various different methods. Only two things really worked; clarifying shampoo, and dish soap."
MISERIGRAD,bii060,"I plop while I dry off, scrunch out some more , then diffuse using pixie method. Game changer. Lots of demo videos available."
sneakyfromme,bii060,"Diffusing tips for beginners?&&&Hi! My hair tends to be flat, and up until now I have always air-dried. I am considering diffusing to add some volume—ideally no longer than 10 minutes per wash, and ideally without any heat. (My hair is pretty breakage-prone and thin as it is.) My #1 goal is to minimize any potential damage that adding a diffusing step might cause.

Does anyone have any tips or technique recommendations for me? Should I do the 10-minute diffusing when it's soaking wet, post-plop, etc.? Thank you!!"
Eve0529,bihxny,"I also microwave my mask before applying it so every step is consistently hot. I wash with hot water, deep condition with hot conditioner, and keep my hair warm with saran wrap + a good beanie. Then I rinse out in cold water to seal the moisture, and ignore my moisturizing products for the day since my hair is sealed shut."
halyc0nAK,bihxny,"I also have low porosity hair and moisturizing it is a three step process for me. First I wash my hair with as hot of water as I can stand to open up the cuticles, then I slather it in a protein free deep conditioner (I use the not your mother’s matcha mask) and wrap it up with Saran Wrap for 5-10 minutes (sometimes I’ll blast my blow dryer over it for for a couple of minutes) and rinse. The this works for low porosity hair is because the hot, hot water opens the cuticles *before* conditioner goes on it *in addition to* heat helping the conditioner penetrate deeply."
ricekrispycrumbs,bihxny,"Help!!! How do i moisturize this hair??&&&Hi everyone, I have very low porosity hair and can't seem to get any moisture to get in. I've tried heat, shock treatments, and everything else under the sun.

My hair is only able to be moisturized during the summer when it is always hot and the cuticles are almost always open.

Recently, my hair has gotten so brittle and dry that is has started falling out with a light tug (like when using a pick or comb)

&#x200B;

Any and all suggestions are welcome thanks!"
crochetpanda,bihkuh,"4 months CGM! Still experimenting with product and routines.&&&&&&I stopped using heat at the start of the year and I haven't looked back! I got a devacut and started using Devacurl products. I was using no-poo and one condition but I found that I had a lot of build up so I've switched the the Raw Shea Butter line from Shea Moisture and my hair is so soft for days after I wash. 

Routine: wash ~ every 5 days. Wash with Raw Shea Butter Moisture Retention shampoo and condition with the Raw Shea Butter Moisture Retention conditioner. S2C with my head upside down using cold water. With dripping hair I add B'leave in, styling cream and ultra defining gel, plop in a t-shirt for about 20 minutes and then air dry! 
I am still experimenting with diffusing and don't always get consistent results. I think my hair type is 2c/3a."
Grendelbeans,bihi0e,"I have super fine hair also, and I recommend double checking your current styling products to make sure they are free of silicones and sulfates. Several companies have products that are made for fine hair or wavy hair. A problem that I have had is that I noticed that my hair curled better with moisture, so I thought heavier more moisturizing products would be ideal. Unfortunately for my fine hair that’s not the case; it pulls the curl right out. I use lightweight stylers now and deep condition every week."
drodeo,bihi0e,"So my hair has been changing. I need suggestions on the best routine for fine wavy hair that curls up in humidity&&&&&&The top left is what my hair normally did if I did nothing to it after a shower.  The next two pictures were from my recent trip to Disney where my hair curled on its own in the humidity of Orlando...because it curled up more than it ever had before I decided I wanted to try and encourage my hair to curl more since my dad has extremely curly hair and maybe I have been doing it wrong my whole life??

The bottom right is after a clarifying shampoo and conditioner with devacurl conditioner and a little bit of scrunching with a mousse I have ( it's Paul Mitchell but I forget which it is)

My question....is what do you think is a good routine to encourage my hair to curl more naturally? With what I have my hair ends up tangled and frizzy my the end of the day and making it look good for day two is next to impossible. My hair is fine and brittle and desperately need. Cut but I've been trying to grow out an shaved side and have been holding off.  I'd really like to cut down in Korea damage by getting rid of heat styling....but also don't want to look like the top left (I have just had shoulder surgery and couldn't do anything with my hair)&&&Thank you! I'm also noticing that my short side doesn't seem to try to curl yet and I'm not sure if that it because it isn't quite long enough or if it's because it isn't dyed and my hair curly is entirely from it being processed 🤣&&&Thank you! I bought the Deva curl starter pack with the super cream, no poo, conditioner, and leave in conditioner. I never really used alot of styling products because I just always straightened my hair except some mouuse if I was feeling frisky and hairspray! I am going to probably have to get new stuff to try out living this curly life!

I definitely don't know how to go through the second day though... My hair ends up a big tangle and it's not long enough to put up"
luna-petunia,bihi0e,Moisture moisture moisture!!! The humidity in the air probably provided your hair with some of the moisture it needed to get those curls poppin! Try some nice deep conditioning treatments :)
NanasTeaPartyHeyHo,bih6pi,Yes
curlygang,bih6pi,"No, it doesn't have protein try it, your hair will love it believe me"
van_ct_girl,bih6pi,"Does flax seed gel have protein?&&&I have protein sensitive hair. I would like to try flaxseed gel, but not sure if it’ll cause protein overload in my hair.."
pennycenturie,bigox6,"I'd call this volume progress, curly comrades. Pre-cgm to 5 weeks in, with 2 inches trimmed off in six layers with craft scissors at my vanity in three installments. Next step: DIY devacut : ) I can't be stopped, friends. I will triumph over this mop.&&&&&&I wash almost every day, deep cleansing with either tresemme boutanique or devacurl no-poo, the rinsing halfway, then detangling with suave essentials conditioner and doing s2c to rinse, beginning my bowl method at this step. I then use a randomized (trial and error process) combination of cantu curl activator and cantu coconut curling cream, using an s2c and bowl process with that styling step. Once I microfiber towel squish dry, I squish in flaxseed gel. FUCKING HELL I LOVE FLAXSEED GEL SO MUCH. Today I diffused at 25% dry til 50% dry, then sat in the air, and it went well. Once dry, I fluffed, not just scrunched, and I did it raw, with my bare hands. Then I cut my bangs going curl by curl.

Good day.

[edit] Side note: I used to get results like this using a 450' F curler. Never again."
monderson,bigmo3,"Slowly figuring this out!&&&&&&Pictures from Nov 2017, Jan 2018, March 2019

I recently started using the denman brush which has seriously changed my routine for the better.

My curls used to fall flat throughout the day. 

Current Routine:
Cowash with Aunt Jackie’s cowash conditioner

Comb with wide tooth comb then wash completely out

Once out of shower, I work in sections to:

1. rake through Leave in conditioner ( I alternate between Mixed Chicks leave in conditioner and  Cantu curl activator cream).
2. Rake through Cantu define and shine custard. 
3. Use the denman brush to brush product in.
4. Then shake the curls I have just brushed

Once done, I plop for 10-15 minutes.

If I have time , I diffuse about 4 different sections for about 10 minutes.

My hair is never completely dry when leaving the house"
JaymieSalt,bigmj4,Trusted curl stylist co springs&&&Cross posting from the co springs thread. I'm moving at the end of June & will need am looking for salon/stylist recommendations.
crimsonknight4,bigmj4,"So I haven't actually gone here yet, but when I was looking for a salon online I found that J. Gregory salon has a deva stylist- Katelyn Garcia."
leenavb,bigmj4,"Kind of a late comment (sorry!), but depending on where in Colorado Springs you'll be living there an AMAZING curl stylist in between Monument and Palmer Lake. The salon is called Johan Hair Studio and Kathy is who I see and I love her to bits. She's level 2 Devacut certified along with other certifications and even went to Devacurl conventions and met the creators on multiple occasions! She does a curly boot camp and everything. Highly recommend!!"
granolaismyfav,bigl4m,Heres another one from the same day&&&&&&Thank you!
historygeek978,bigl4m,Awesome hair with bonus skyline!
Grendelbeans,big2zd,It did the opposite for me.
beautylovaaa11,big2zd,Not really. If you put enough in it’ll weigh down your hair nicely
msanonymous000,big2zd,"Does the cantu curl cream add volume?&&&It says ""volumizing"" and more volume is the last thing I need for my hair...&&&Cool thanks for sharing 😛&&&How so"
