index,id,comments
Wavyhaircare,kha84w,"Well, I don't think your hair looks ratty at all! 

But getting hair to stay clumped/defined is often dependent on using the right styling product with enough hold. Most people rely on gel for hold, I prefer mousse. Did you get a cast from the mousse? If not, I'd recommend trying to use more next time to see if you can get a cast and then if you get a cast, you'll probably maintain definition longer. Your hair looks thick (in terms of density) so you may have to use quite a bit of mousse to get good coverage.

A lot of people really like that mousse but I found it only gives me a medium-hard cast not a hard hold, and only gives me 1 day of definition, where I can get up to 3 days out of other mousses. So that mousse may not have quite enough hold for you but if your initial results weren't well defined from it, then i'd definitely try using more to see if it's an amount issue."
WeAreStarless,kha84w,"for me what makes all the difference when it comes to definition is tons of gel, on soaking wet hair. the way i do this is to apply my gel while i'm still in the shower. i rake it through my hair, and then i use a wide tooth comb or a denman brush to distribute it and to create frizz-free clumps. then i scrunch scrunch scrunch, sometimes spraying more water on it to make sure it doesn't dry out. (then i plop and hammock diffuse.)

this might not work for everyone, but that's my recipe for frizz-free hair!"
jeepkat4011,kha84w,"My hair always looks so ratty. It wants to curl but then just goes flat and icky. How do you keep your curls clumped and not all frizzy?&&&&&&I had to watch a video on hammock plopping but that makes a lot of sense! Thank you so much for that tip!&&&Interesting. I haven't had the cast effect. I usually only use a small pump and put it in while my hair is wet and plop. I'll definitely try way more next time!

How wet should my hair be? Will I still get a cast if my hair is pretty wet or should I let it dry a bit?&&&I'll admit, I have no consistency in hair products or routine! After good reviews and how cheap the line is I tried today,  herbal essences curl shampoo and conditioner. I get out and put coconut milk oil on it with praying hands. I put some herbal essences totally twisted mousse in it too.

I've tried the deva curl and hated the shampoo with my crazy thick hair. I never felt I could get it to not look greasy. I've tried perfect hair day shampoo and detangler and it's far to drying. I've tried Shea moisture shampoo and conditioner and liked it, but my hair is still ratty like this. I've tried 10 types of mousse and still frizzy. Leave in conditioner, frizzy. If I use a clarified shampoo it's just super frizzy. Dont even get me started on how much worse it looks if I dare try and diffuse it. I have the bottom half of my hair shaved off (undercut) and while I still have plenty of volume, it's just ugly. Half wants to be curly, half wants to be straight. Hot iron curls do not hold in my hair. Very tempted to get a soft perm.

I'm so lost in my journey....help :("
PastaM0nster,kh9hi4,"Traveling advice&&&So I’m flying somewhere for a couple days, and my leave in and curl cream I can easily pack in a small container in my carry on, but I’m having a problem figuring out how to pack my styling foam, and I can’t find any mini bottles of it online. Anyone know of a way to pack foam products or should I just skip it those days?&&&I only have a carry on, i can’t take the full size on board&&&That’s what I’ll probably end up doing, was just wondering I anyone know of a way to pack it"
WeAreStarless,kh9hi4,"just skip it, it's only a couple of days"
anisomabun,kh9hi4,For foam products I normally tape top and then out it in a plastic or ziploc blag. This way it is less likelyto spill and if it does the rest of your stuff doesnt get wet.
BebEggHed,kh9ghn,"Try coil hair ties! I use them all the time and they really hold onto my curls (3A) without leaving an imprint. You can find them easily online, but here’s an example: https://www.ulta.com/traceless-hair-ring?productId=xlsImpprod13221269"
Franticdesigner,kh9ghn,"How do I wear a bun without ruining my curls?&&&I typically go 3 days between washes to avoid damaging my hair, but I find that hair ties make an impression on my hair. Does anyone have any tips that would allow me to wear my hair up one day and down (presentably 😅) the next.&&&Queueing the YouTube how to videos now! Thank you!&&&Mostly (presumably cotton) scrunchies or elastic bands if I want it to hold. Do you think silk would be the way to go?"
LettuceJizz,kh9ghn,"Your mileage may vary, but I use a hair stick (or a sharp pencil or a chop stick - whatever's handy). I can lightly twist it up and just hold it that way with the stick, but you don't have to do it tightly."
Liv_NB,kh9ghn,"I use an invisibobble to pineapple my hair but I wear my pineapple at my crown rather than further forward. It doesn't dent my hair at all.

I do this to sleep, in the evenings, for the gym, or if my hair is annoying me, and then can go back to hair down."
SavedForSaturday,kh9ghn,What kind of ties are you using?
StarMazyy,kh96vv,Can I ruin my hair if I straighten it?&&&[removed]&&&I was just think of only straightening it the day I get the hair cut but I don’t know if I should go to a regular salon or a curly salon( idk what they’re called).
WeAreStarless,kh96vv,"Your post has been removed due to Rule 3: Keep posts related to curly hair.

This includes posts about straightening, troll posts, and other off-topic content.

Please keep this in mind for the future. Thank you!"
applebeesknees18,kh96vv,"Depends. If you start straightening every day or every other day you'll change or lose your curl pattern. If you straighten once a week, and use hear protectant, I think that's fine."
AE0NFLUX,kh7w4l,It’s saying you’re required to deep condition
Aaruni_2008,kh7w4l,Me a curly haired girl:
Altostratus,kh7w4l,I came across this askreddit post and I was looking for this comment to pop up!
Always_Worry,kh7w4l,Lol
ArbitraryBaker,kh7w4l,"Ahhh. I have 2b hair, and about one year in to CGM I’ve finally realized a big reason that big parts of CGM don’t work for me might just be because my hair isn’t curly enough. 

Oil? No 


Plop? No

Dry with a t-shirt instead of a regular towel? No need, and I never understood whether the reason to avoid a towel was because a towel is too absorbent or not absorbent enough. 


Refresh? No such thing unless you mean complete wet down. 

Pineapple? No, because refreshes are just never a thing that works. I’m either going to have to restyle it from scratch or cover it up all day."
Ayertsatz,kh7w4l,"Fellow Aussie here, and I only put effort into my hair in winter! It's too bloody hot to wear it out in summer, plus it just gets drenched in sweat by mid-morning."
BlipsInTheRoad,kh7w4l,Haha I've seen elsewhere people saying CG groups are too strict but I didn't understand because I don't encounter that here!
BuddhistNudist987,kh7w4l,Not posting your method? SUPERMAX JAIL.
CapK473,kh7w4l,One of your products isnt curly method approved but it really helps your hair? JAIL
CleverAmbrosia,kh7w4l,"No dye? I'm new to CGM, but not new to curly hair; had it my whole damn life.  Whatchoo supposed to do when you get old? Or turn 27 and get your first grey? We all supposed to have natural grey hair color just because we're curly?"
DJChestRaisins,kh7w4l,Can someone explain plop??
DiligentDaughter,kh7w4l,"Uh oh...

Sorry, kids!"
ENA16,kh7w4l,"This post on r/askreddit talks about curly girl method groups and I'm dying it's hilarious 😂&&&&&&Lol I felt this so much I needed to post something with my routine!&&&😂🤣&&&Haha so what do you do the other 6 months??&&&Ooof you'll never get out with that crime lol&&&Hope this post is allowed because I find it too funny. I know some groups can honestly feel too strict with curly girl methods, but this sub is so supportive and welcoming this just felt amazing lol


...I've never posted a fluff/humor post, so I don't know if I need to still do the whole ""routine"" part of the post, but shampoo and conditioner changed almost weekly for me 🙃 but my GO TO product right now is curl foam! Holds well, but not too heavy. It's amazing 👍

Edit: Im still getting used to even posting on Reddit so I'm not sure if this is what I do (?) But thanks for the awards peeps! I feel so loved here 🥰&&&Ooof man, some 2C girls on youtube get so much crap for saying they have curly hair, it's ridiculous! Straight hair when it's wet? No, not curly. jail! Lol&&&I know! It feels great to see all different kinds of approaches and styles accepted and loved!&&&I totally get that, I feel like it was pretty obvious I had wavy/curly hair growing up and it would have been so cool if hairdressers actually told me what to do with it instead of straightening or having constant frizz! I used to curl the front of my hair with a straightener so it would match the back of my hair more 🙃 

I only started doing anything CG since this past March and don't think I could have done it without everyone on this sub!&&&That absolutely helped me get my curly hair on track when I started this year. If I only saw one type of hair or perfect curls I would have felt way too intimidated to keep trying&&&Lol I posted about having an Aussie cowash when I first started CG and immediately trashed it cuz I found out it has silicone 😂 so silly, it was a wonderful cowash!&&&I was surprised I didn't see this shared here sooner, this absolutely made my day lol&&&Plopping is putting your wet/towel dried hair up on top of your head in a t-shirt or microfiber towels/turbine style and letting it sit there for some time while to keep shape while it absorbs excess water....at least that's why I do it 🤷 lol&&&😂😂 it's all about that natural hair or jail for you lol. Idk really though...I've had grey hairs popping up since I was 18 and have just rolled with it and only died my hair a handful of times&&&Lol it's definitely the perfect place to dip your toes into the world of curls&&&😂 yes all my hair problems will be solved if I use professional quality products! I've been following that mentality all my life and have had the healthiest hair in the past 9 months trying cheap curly hair products&&&😂 right after starting to trying CG stuff this past February I proceeded to break my foot...lemme tell you, 10/10 would NOT recommend bending/flipping over in the shower on one foot, my hair was proud of me for getting past those troubling times lol&&&Hmm I've never been on that sub! There should be a short hair sub so that you can alternate between them when you switch up your style, and everyone is just as supportive as her. There I solved all problems lol&&&Well dang I've never had that experience here! Though I guess I always try to at least follow the silicone/sulfate rule and that's like the ONE golden rule everyone apparently must follow lol&&&It's a process for sure! I think I'm like ~10 months in and have finally gotten the feeling for what works as a long term routine instead of just perfect cu ls for one day. Youll get there!&&&👏👏 get it! I had such a fun time trying to get my curls to finally cooperate. Though it has caused me to have so many products I'll never use again just piling up haha&&&Anytime I go through a wash day and realize I didn't squish I briefly die inside knowing I failed my curls lol&&&That's why I love that most people on this sub are pretty accepting of whatever style you call ""curly/wavy"" and are mostly just trying to help you achieve the style you want!&&&I never figured out salt spray on my hair and always wanted it! It makes my hair feel super gunky and doesn't add to the curls lol I'm jealous of your amazingly simple routine!&&&Slowly but surely we will bring the whole world into the cult that is curly hair care...muahaha&&&Ugg I totally feel that though! I have been getting my guy friend into taking care of his curly hair (though he has like 4C hair and I keep telling him I am NOT the person to give actual advice on his hair lol) and he thinks it's hilarious that he's following curly girl methods lol. All in favor of curly dudes method 🙋, emphasizing that were all dudes, one if the best movie lines ever lol&&&Lol no, you go to jail if you DONT do deep conditioning 😂&&&Exactly! So much support her, at least what I've seen!&&&Lol don't worry, all of us in jail will take care of you&&&Pretty sure I don't deep condition enough! I live in Wyoming where it's nice and moisture sucking dry here year round 🙃 lol and if I visit anywhere remotely humid, the ""Monica from friends in the Bahamas"" look is completely real&&&I'm gonna need to know this too lol. I think I saw somewhere that the longer your hair is actively wet you can damage it? IDK though Ive definitely forgot about a plot for a good hour and I think I survived 😂"
EdenAshe,kh7w4l,I came to make sure someone caught the Pawnee reference.
Feeya_b,kh7w4l,Oh I found this too! I gave the person an award because my first experience with the curly hair community I was scared... but thankfully this sub is pretty chill.
Fitncurly,kh7w4l,I’m thinking of doing the same but I’m soooo scared to damage it!  It’s like 3b/3c and down to my butt—I’d hate to mess that up so I’m waffling about either going light blonde or henna jet black.  Are you tightly curly?  Do you notice any breakage/thinning?
Fraunoctua,kh7w4l,Mainly out of jealousy lol&&&It’s so true thou. I’ve had curls my whole life. Once I posted a picture here (later deleted for privacy reasons) with my routine of sulfate shampoo and no deep conditioning and I was very criticized and downvoted although my hair is healthy and looked (looks) great (to me anyway). It made me think the CGM community is all about the rules and not about the results.
Ilovepug95,kh7w4l,omg lmaooooo I've been doing cg methid for years now and whenever I convert someone to the method it feels so good
Lagena15,kh7w4l,Why am I reading this in Fred Armisen’s voice?
MarshmallowTurtle,kh7w4l,I feel like I'm looking at the wrong charts because the only one that doesn't look very curly to me is 2A. It's still wavy though.
MisterTruth,kh7w4l,"The shade thrown on us dudes who do this too. Yeah we are far fewer in number, but we should change it to either Curly Dude Method (Since I'm a dude, he's a dude, she's a dude, we're all dudes) or Curly Grylls Method since Grylls is very manly but his name sounds like girls."
Mofzilla,kh7w4l,"Oh my lord. I feel this. I asked for some advice on diffusers on hairdryers in a facebook group and was immediately met with ""you shouldn't bleach your hair"". When I replied ""I didn't ask about bleaching"" I was told not to be so rude. 

You offered unsolilcited advice, hun."
Mstislava,kh7w4l,"Lindsay, who has taken over administration of that group, is dictatorial and will not accept any straying from strict CGM, or criticism of Lorraine Massey's methods whatsoever."
MuttonDressedAsGoose,kh7w4l,"There are Curly hair groups that are not like that. Look for names like ""Curly Girl rebels"" and suchlike.&&&I have heard that about the Facebook groups."
N0blesse_0blige,kh7w4l,"My husband has straight hair but the way he dries his hair stresses me tf out. He takes his towel and just vigorously scrubs it back and forth across his hair for like two minutes. Like you're drying a dog, or scrubbing burn marks out of a pan. Still has beautiful hair ofc."
Neferhathor,kh7w4l,"You've lost your Curly Card. It has been REVOKED!&&&Right? I'm 35 and my natural color is super dark brown. My silver fairy hair is VERY noticeable. I'll embrace the silver all in good time, but for now I'm going to color it with the strong chemical stuff that won't rub off and stain my furniture and sheets. NOT TODAY, SATAN."
OnyxPanthyr,kh7w4l,"Shit... Just flat ironed my hair yesterday. I don't wanna go to jail! 😭

(And that was a fun thread to read lol)"
P0t4t012,kh7w4l,"What I found works really well for me is loading up my hair with conditioner and then brushing it through (with a regular brush, not a wide-tooth comb) IN the shower.  Gets the conditioner distributed nice and well, detangles easily, and all the dead hair ends up in the brush instead of down the drain.  I just squish to condish after that and it retains my curl pattern just fine

Quick edit - I’m not recommending that you change your routine because you know what works best for you, I just thought I’d add my anecdote about also finding brushing useful ;)"
PastaM0nster,kh7w4l,Lol I loved it
Queenofeveryisland,kh7w4l,"I like how few gatekeepers we have here. You can have super tight curls or loose waves, silicones or not, what ever, and find someone with similar hair to talk to or at least tell you your hair looks cool."
RSherlockHolmes,kh7w4l,I normally don't like these things but omg. This one is hilarious.
RedSquirrelFtw,kh7w4l,"Haha that is pretty funny. 

Also, being a guy with perfect curls and saying that you don't really have a routine.

""IDK I just use Pert 3 in 1, towel dry and head to work""     MULTI MAX JAIL!"
SENDPUKEPICS,kh7w4l,"I have very frizzy curly hair and I like to keep it that way because, y’know, it’s pretty metal, but all the curly hair friends I have get so mad cuz I guess I have the potential for amazing curls - this may be one of the biggest sins in the curl cult"
Saratrooper,kh7w4l,"I sometimes give myself a break and do ALL THE WRONG THINGS for a day or two (use just shampoo, brush it out with a paddle brush, flat iron it straight), and then get back to it on my next wash day. I don’t think my routine is complicated, I just occasionally grow extremely weary of doing it over and over again. 😂"
Schattentochter,kh7w4l,"I've been subscribed to this sub for almost a year now and still have no clue what's going on half of the time. 

Can confirm."
SecretSquirrel_,kh7w4l,"They did what now?! That's hilarious.  
I'm only in them for the location accurate product lists and recs. Which I only need when I finally finish a bottle and go ""yeah, no, that didn't work as well as I wanted, what other options are there."" which happens every like 12 months, lol.

With more brands being created, and available internationally, I probably don't need the groups now, and I feel like here I'm more understood. Not to mention this sub is the one that got me to make a reddit account nearly 8 years ago. :)"
SethMarcell,kh7w4l,Oh crap!  I swear I am sleeping on a silk pillowcase right now.&&&Plop = parole&&&But did you plop?&&&NO PLOP *STRAIGHT TO JAIL*&&&Plop keeps you out of jail
SilverGirlSails,kh7w4l,"Your hair hates every gel, including the uber worshipped flaxseed gel? Jail forever!"
Snoo28371,kh7w4l,"Cult all the way. I refuse to ever get a Deva Cut. The whole thing feels like profiteering. Its a freaking haircut, not rocket science. I certainly do some of thr CG method stuff, but the whole business is so overwrought. Curly girls and guys think there's some magical way to do it, and the truth is: THERE ISN'T. Different things work for different people and not everyone wants the CG style of flat, glossy curls. (I dont, for one.) Lorraine Massey herself has said she has moved on from a lot of it and prefers a more textured curly look for herself."
StatusBake3,kh7w4l,R/parksandrec
Stepane7399,kh7w4l,"Hi, what brand of curl foam? I’m currently experimenting with foams and mousses."
Taegeukgies,kh7w4l,GOD ABOVE PROTECT ME FROM THIS HEATHEN
Thikki_Mikki,kh7w4l,"I actually found this group because of that post! Lmao

Last night, My sister and I were discussing how to get our hair back to being “curly”, and she showed me some CGM TikToks. I was like “cool, but confusing “.  Then came home and was browsing Reddit and can across that thread!  

We’re heading to the store together today to get the quick start products listed in the master doc. 

I’m so glad I found this group!"
Thin-White-Duke,kh7w4l,"I have to shampoo my hair every day. I've tried shampooing once/week and rinsing or cowashing for the remainder, but it just does not work for me. I feel gross and my hair looks gross. I just make sure to condition well. Sorry, y'all, I'll turn myself in."
Truffluscious,kh7w4l,I see no lie
WTFGrendel,kh7w4l,"THIS THIS THIS. I do as much curly stuff as I can, but I love being blonde too much for it to truly have results."
WeAreStarless,kh7w4l,"in the cg guide we refer to the cgm as the curly girl / guy method! still haven't found a good gender neutral option, though :/ since i don't consider ""dude"" to be gender neutral"
Widabeck,kh7w4l,"Saying you have ""curly hair"" when it's 2C/3A - Jail for you and for families."
Yellowtoblerone,kh7w4l,no squish to condish? also super jail
anonymoususer98545,kh7w4l,"i saw that! i laughed because i've *never* felt that way here which is why i subbed. i've even asked a ""dumb"" question and didn't get mocked, just helpfully directed <3 i, 100% have seen it elsewhere though. 

i so love this particular community; it feels so inclusive, it's encouraging, i love looking at other people's journeys, and it's making me feel motivated to try my own."
ayshasmysha,kh7w4l,Did it impose jail on you?
betacarotene4,kh7w4l,Calling your wavy hair curly? JAIL
bubblyelephants,kh7w4l,This is so so funny😂 thanks for the laugh!!!
catwithahumanface,kh7w4l,"Yeah I have seen the problematic stuff happen in Facebook communities the most and it’s awful&&&I feel like I’m going to catch flak for saying this but I think /r/longhair is so much more guilty of seeming cultish. They don’t have outright rules or anything, but sometimes the hive mind gets so worked up. Someone will say “I’m thinking of cutting my hair all off, what do you guys think?” And it’s just a sea of people trying to convince them not to. Then when you’re the dissenter that’s like “I think you’d look cute with a bob” you get downvoted right away."
chambers797,kh7w4l,"My hair would be curly if I followed all the ""rules"" but I find it too fussy to plop and diffuse, I sleep like a wild animal at night and my pineapple falls out,  and I don't like how my hair feels with all the products curly girl method recommends, so the best I get is slight curls with pathetic waves. I'm ready for my life sentence."
cluelesssquared,kh7w4l,"Serious question, I'm really curious now how one overplops?"
cottagecorer,kh7w4l,If you’re in the UK there’s a great one called Sensible Curly Girls And Guys UK. There are probably other versions in diff countries
dillpicklez18,kh7w4l,"Totally commented in the thread but in my defense, I suggested this sub to someone looking for tips without “drinking the Koolaid” of Facebook groups 🤣"
dramsa41710,kh7w4l,"I'm 29 and I've always had straight hair, out of no where this year I developed wavy hair. I have no clue where they came from! Since I'm new to CGM I don't know the rules!! Lol. Hopefully I don't get executed this early into my CGM journey, im still trying to figure out what works for my hair."
electrickumquat,kh7w4l,"Idk if this will work for you, but I was also having issues with my hair feeling weighted down with so many products, so I tried watering them down. Literally just mixing some of my leave in conditioner with water (I also use hair oil, watered down creme, and aloe). Its been working SO well. My hair is much lighter and I don't have that issue of feeling like there's a bunch of product in my hair anymore, and my curls are just as nice as when I was using them at ""full"" strength."
friendlyfish29,kh7w4l,Well guess I'm straight to jail. I use aussie cause my hair likes it. I plop alot because my hair likes it.
glassmountaintrust,kh7w4l,"I've been maintaining dyed platinum curly hair for years. Olaplex 3 is basically life on parole. 😂 Not a single wrong move or back to jail!&&&I don't deep condition - max jail for me! 

In reality: I live in NYC, where it is humid as dicks all year round and anything other than absorbing the moisture from the environment makes my hair greasy as shit because humidity = sweat. I have 3a-c uncooperative jewish curls that I bleach only the roots on every 6 months, but it knows when i'm trying to trick it with fake moisture."
happiestmo,kh7w4l,"I've heard of these extreme methods and groups of CGM but never seen them myself, so this was funny. I think a lot of people who post on here, especially at first at least, don't even know what CGM is, I didn't at first, and you certainly don't get banned for it haha"
isabel-thevt,kh7w4l,I almost didn’t get the parks and rec reference but somehow read it in the Fred armisen voice?
jflanyall,kh7w4l,Don't follow CGM to a T- STRAIGHT TO JAIL
jmtomato,kh7w4l,"Reddit had NOTHING on TikTok, my god. I have actual ringlets most days and I swear some of them would say my hair was wavy."
justjokay,kh7w4l,r/unexpectedpawnee
kittychii,kh7w4l,Ugh this group made me feel so gross
ktal_koala,kh7w4l,I saw this and died lol I bleach my ends and color hair. It’s black and blue right now! I’ll turn myself in 🙃🤣
laurandisorder,kh7w4l,"This is hilarious. 
Fun fact about me: I only CGM for 6 months of the year (summer in aus) and I am due to be executed any day now."
likatika,kh7w4l,r/PandR
lilchilipeppa,kh7w4l,I thought this was the realist thing EVERER lol
lithium142,kh7w4l,Meta post?  J A I L
madiphthalo,kh7w4l,Bleached my hair recently from med/dark brown to platinum. I am now in maximum security jail with no chance of parole. 😂
meep_Meep_MEEP126,kh7w4l,Wait are we not meant to deep condition?
minniesnowtah,kh7w4l,"Gatekeeping: JAIL!&&&If you can't find some things, don't panic, the pandemic has caused a run on some products (especially LA looks). Herbal essences totally twisted is a good, also cheap but not quite as stupid cheap alternative.

Best of luck with figuring out your curls!!"
mybloodyballentine,kh7w4l,"So sorry, but you knew the rules when you signed up. We will miss you. I will plop in your honor."
myfriendsfoundme-1tm,kh7w4l,"Hairdressers in general feel like this - they always gotta blame something, like “oh you prepoo with coconut oil? U use Hannah? That why your hair crap. Please buy this $50 silicon conditioner from the salon. THAT will fix it” 

Meanwhile your hair been like that since you were born, lol"
naomiesther01,kh7w4l,"Same tho. I use Tresemé because my hair likes it..does it have silicone? Yep. Alcohol? Sure does. Hair is fine 🤣 I wash once a week, co-wash often🤷🏽 if it works it works!"
nosyknickers,kh7w4l,Can you tell me more about curl foam and why you use it?
palladium422,kh7w4l,"I’ve never felt like this group is judging me or anything but my hair itself definitely judges me like this. I had food poisoning earlier this year and didn’t feel like bending over and s2c in the shower, and my hair definitely let me know how disappointed it was in me."
peasolace,kh7w4l,"I‘m in a facebook group like this and they just make me feel bad for doing things a bit different??? For example I just can’t not brush. I hate all the hair in the shower and find it absolutely disgusting. It still works good for me and I have nice waves but WHY make people feel bad for doing something that works for them or maybe even brings them joy (like having straight hair once in a while or using hair die)??? 

That feels so negative and stresses me out."
pericardialFluid,kh7w4l,wait what's so bad about using hair oils?? I use argan oil to scrunch out my gel cast.
purple--pig,kh7w4l,Lol yes! Curly girl method is such a cult.
raimbowfright,kh7w4l,Wait why no deep conditioning???
rizzo1717,kh7w4l,"I use Monat products - because it’s what works for me, and their curly gel is the only thing that gives me defined hold without weighing my hair down - and I always get downvoted into oblivion if I dare mention it."
sassysassysarah,kh7w4l,"Ugh I feel this one in my soul

My hair is naturally an espresso color, but I like doing fun stuff with my hair colors so we bleach 🤷‍♀️"
shinivii,kh7w4l,This is so true. I had to leave the Curly hair Australia group because of how obsessive they were. They even banned discussing hair oils.
somethingelse19,kh7w4l,It's the truth though. Curly girl method can be like a cult.
sunsandcinnamon,kh7w4l,Haha I just use a salt spray for my curls and blow it out 50% of the time. I’m going to mega jail.
teddy_vedder,kh7w4l,"I like that this sub is supportive. I think groups like this pop up so often and are so tight knit because the world of haircare/salons weirdly isn’t particularly helpful or supportive of natural curls, which is so strange to me because when you get down to it it’s just as common if not more common to have waves or curls than straight hair. It’s absolutely insane to me that most licensed hairdressers simply cannot cut or style natural waves or curls when there’s a MASSIVE untapped clientele just waiting for them to. 

Of course I am speaking from my own experience with salons that primarily deal with hair on folks that aren’t black — not sure how black salons are with styling natural hair so I can’t speak on those."
tenebrigakdo,kh7w4l,"Ooofff, that's me. Luckily I never mentioned it in numbers :D  
I was pretty sad after a few months when it turned out they will never curl more than 3A on a wash day and drop right down to 2A/B before the next one, but hell they look so much better than back when I used to attempt to dry them straight."
tiny_butt_toucher,kh7w4l,"Posting your method? Believe it or not, also jail."
twentybrink,kh7w4l,r/unexpectedpawnee
vrnkafurgis,kh7w4l,The best part of this whole thing is that it’s the top comment in the whole AskReddit thread!
whateverluli,kh7w4l,"🤣🤣🤣🤣my straight haired best friend jokes about ""the method"" being a cult also!!! im dead!!!!"
yourworkmom,kh7w4l,This is great.&&&I colored mine with Swarztkopf and it did nothing bad to my curls.
CurlyBot,kh7k6u,"Hi! Gentle reminder: hair care routines are required for all photo posts, within 1 hour of posting. 

The bot is having hard time locating your routine! Please make sure you have a comment containing the word ""routine"" (and your actual routine, of course!) so your post can stay up!

FAQs:

* __I don't have a routine!__ If you wash your hair at all, that counts! Just let us know what you did for your hair.
* __I'm just asking for help!__ We're happy to help! This is much easier if we know what you are currently doing for your hair.
* __Included the info but the bot can't find it? Different situation? (E.g. asking about a product, etc.) [See here for more info.](https://www.reddit.com/r/curlyhair/wiki/routine-requirements)__

_This is a beta test! Please [message the mods](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fcurlyhair) if you have any issues._"
Snoo28371,kh7k6u,"I also bleach my curls. I've found that really moisturizing conditioner and styling products help a ton to boost the curl. Right now I'm loving Curls Lavish leave in and Curls Creme Brule. Also, I've found that a couple years after bleaching it, my hair has kind of gotten used to it and is as curly now as before it was bleached."
Winterblood21,kh7k6u,"Bleach and dye took away some of my curls. Any suggestions for keeping colored hair curls nice looking?? 2nd pic is my natural hair at maximum curl 😉&&&&&&My routine is washing with sulfate free shampoo once a week, (I shower 4 times a week but don’t wash my hair eveytime). And I bleach and dye my hair myself&&&Awesome thank you. Are there any good protein treatments you would recommend?"
dorothysideeye,kh7k6u,"I have a similar issue. Protein treatment and deep conditioner have helped, as well as changing up what products I use. My curls aren't nearly as poppin as they were pre-bleach, but I notice a difference after the protein especially."
Axilllla,kh7baa,You have a amazing hair! And eyes and skin
WeAreStarless,kh7baa,"Hi! Your post has been temporarily removed because you have not included your hair care routine. We require this for all photo posts, even if the photo is not of yourself. Please reply to this comment with more info and we can reapprove it for you!

Here’s what we mean by “routine”:
- Which shampoo, cowash and/or conditioner you used
- Any other products (your gel, mousse, etc.), their brand/name, & how you applied them
- How you dried your hair (air dried? diffused? etc.)
- Anything else that’s helpful to know!

We require this because it helps keep r/curlyhair focused on learning & helping each other instead of just selfies.

Thank you!"
butterscunt,kh7baa,"Wash day 🥰&&&&&&Ohhhhh apologies!! 
Here’s what I do... 
•wash with Tresemme Shampoo, leave in Conditioner (moisture rich) for 3 mins and rinse out.
•in the shower while my hair is soaking wet, I apply Aunt Jackies Curl La La, curls defining custard, comb it though my hair, concentrating on the ends as I tend to have a greasy scalp. Scrunch and try not to squeeze a lot of the water out
•wrap my hair in an old cotton T-shirt and leave until my hair is about 75% dry and let the rest air dry

I do recommend this hair product as it defines the curls without having that crunchiness and also makes them really soft. I also use a home made hair oil for my scalp and hair which I use once a week as a hair mask and leave in overnight which I tend to put in the day before wash day!"
doots,kh7baa,Woah
overunderinout,kh7baa,"Wow, both you and your curls are gorgeous!"
whateverluli,kh7baa,wow! you are so beautiful! and your curls are amazing!
ChampionPuzzled9206,kh77jo,Buffs&&&Any recommendations for good buffs to buy? I want to try sleeping in those.
Taurpy,kh77e8,"SERIOUS PROBLEM! Curls went Straight!&&&Hi everyone! I (17F) used to have curls that were I believe 3A, low porosity, but over the years it’s become straight and wavy and it’s making me feel very depressed and a bit stressed. I’ve used the following products but they don’t work for me: Pantene, Cantu, Head and Shoulders, Shea Moisture, Maui Moisture. Every time I wash my hair, it feels/looks unwashed. I feel like my hair has thinned and I want to revive my curls any way how.

Can you please tell me what’s wrong or recommend me products that can restore them? Thank you so much!&&&Yeah I’ve gone through a lot of stress this year, and being stuck indoors definitely hasn’t helped. Sadly my parents won’t let me get prof help, so I’m on my own for that. And what are some products that’d help?&&&I put Maui Shampoo and Conditioner, though I think it’s too heavy because they’re creamy in texture. And I’ve also used some gel for my hair recently and it’s made it really poofy and curly but only temporarily. And I got a short haircut I believe last month."
Winterblood21,kh77e8,I use sulfate free shampoo. It’s a lot gentler on curly hair!
elrineswag,kh77e8,"Hey! So a few questions. How many products are you putting on your hair? I've noticed that if I put any creams on my hair out of the shower it sits on my hair and looks greasy. Also, how long has it been since you got a hair cut? I was surprised how much curlier my hair became after getting the split ends cut!"
oleblueeyes75,kh77e8,"OK, breathe. Have you had any dietary changes or health issues....new birth control...change of school or employment...family or relationship issues...

2020 has sucked big time. Just that stress alone could be messing with your hair. Sulfate free products are definitely the way to go. I would suggest that you seek professional help. 

Hang in there."
rmvmanagement,kh74jz,Afro Hairstyle Tips&&&
I-Shank,kh63q2,"I have the jessicurl deep conditioner treatment. It has no added fragrance, but it smells like cardboard. Not strongly, but noticeably."
RedheadedCyclone,kh63q2,"Unscented leave-in conditioner?&&&I am new to having curly hair. I am kind of desperately looking for a leave-in conditioner that does not have a scent. I have tried all sorts of products, but they all have such strong scents and I am super sensitive. 

I have super dry hair and a psoriasis dry scalp, so I can handle some pretty heavy moisture. I tend towards more “natural” products and I’m willing to put some money into a product that will really work. 

Help a girl out! 😁🧐&&&Woot! Their whole line has no fragrance options! I just ordered samples of their whole line!"
deejahvuu,kh63q2,"Kristin ess fragrance free detangling tonic, for light weight moisturizing or detangling, and Seen fragrance free moisturizing curl cream both brands have good price points and good ingredients and very moisturizing!"
floridfallon,kh63q2,"I don't have first hand experience but I've heard of a brand called ""no nothing"" that is completely unscented and free of any other irritating ingredients,  they're supposed to be good and have a ton of products"
freesmarches,kh63q2,"Unfortunately I don't have any first hand recommendations, but Jessicurl has no fragrance options for all of their products, and they state that all of their conditioners are also useable as leave-ins. Maybe that's a place to start?"
mi-dragon,kh63q2,"The Ecoslay rice pudding leave in conditioner is my favorite. It isn't fragrance free, but I think the scent is pretty light and doesn't hang around very long."
Liv_NB,kh614d,"What's your hair porosity? 

Coconut oil is a funny one. It can be really good for some people but if your hair is dry, stiff, brittle or coarse its best to stay away from it as it can cause breakage. (Google coconut oil bad for hair if this sounds like you, apparently it can cause protein build up)

Personally I have stopped using coconut oil and instead use curl creams. I never fully wash out my conditioner in the shower and then apply curl cream as I found it thicker and more moisturising than the leave ins I tried. I also reapply a little on refresh.

Also as the other person commented, regular trims are essential if you have split ends to stop it splitting further up the shaft 

If you don't want to frequently pay for haircuts, I recommend the pigtail cut that Manes by Mell has videos for (I have cut my own hair for years)."
SamiaIslam1,kh614d,"How to best moisturise hair between washes?&&&So I have 2b hair that’s quite dry especially at the ends. I find that my hair splits very fast. As a result, I’ve been trying to keep my hair as moisturised as possible to prevent some of the split ends. I usually use coconut oil everyday or every other day to moisturise my hair but I wanted to know if leave in conditioner would be better? Or a combination of both? What do you guys think?&&&Low porosity, I believe. My hair pretty much stays at the top when I put it in a glass of water. & yeah, I make sure to trim my hair very regularly. Quality is more important to me than length"
CurlyBot,kh5wue,"Hi! Gentle reminder: hair care routines are required for all photo posts, within 1 hour of posting. 

The bot is having hard time locating your routine! Please make sure you have a comment containing the word ""routine"" (and your actual routine, of course!) so your post can stay up!

FAQs:

* __I don't have a routine!__ If you wash your hair at all, that counts! Just let us know what you did for your hair.
* __I'm just asking for help!__ We're happy to help! This is much easier if we know what you are currently doing for your hair.
* __Included the info but the bot can't find it? Different situation? (E.g. asking about a product, etc.) [See here for more info.](https://www.reddit.com/r/curlyhair/wiki/routine-requirements)__

_This is a beta test! Please [message the mods](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fcurlyhair) if you have any issues._"
GuinnessGirl50,kh5wue,Curlsmith Air Dry Weightless Style Cream would be perfect. It doesn’t build up but adds good moisture.
another_nickel,kh5wue,"Help me find products for my boyfriend as a gift for Christmas!&&&&&&This is when it looked the best. But normally his hair is extremely dry and frizzy. He has the potential to have amazing curl definition, but is reluctant to try product because he doesn’t like when he feels like he has “stuff building up in his hair”. So perhaps something lightweight? I have curly hair myself, but don’t know what differs when its comes to men’s hair that is much shorter.  Thanks so much"
soapypinz,kh5wue,"maybe the aussie curl serum for when it's dry, any paraben, sulfate free creams and a nice gel like the cantu gel to scrunch it (:"
_runs_with_scisssors,kh5p3q,"Probably the hormones from pregnancy. It might come back, might not but there isn’t really a lot you can do until it decides to come bac."
basicfishy,kh5p3q,"Why did my hair’s texture change?&&&I noticed around a year or so ago that the texture of my hair seems to have changed from wavy to nearly straight with just a bit of a bend to it. Around that time I henna died my hair. I had also recently had a baby, and now I have had a second. I’m wondering if anyone has experienced hair texture change after having a baby? Or is it the henna die? I would love my wavy hair back but I’m not sure if it will ever be back!"
