index,id,comments
bsurrett7,ib6u1a,"sleeping on wet hair in a silk bonnet?&&&Quarantine has given me a great opportunity to spend time on doing my hair and caring for it. My routine is usually done in the morning, but i’ll be heading back to school soon and as I take earlier classes and tend to want to enjoy my time in bed as much as possible i’m not sure i’ll have as much time to wash + style my hair in the mornings. Before CGM I always just washed my hair and slept on it and let it dry overnight, and that was one less thing I had to do in the morning.

If I do my routine at night and sleep on it wet in a silk bonnet, would that allow me to SOTC in the morning and go? Or is there another way I could make it easier/less time consuming to do my routine? I’ll do it in the mornings if I have to but I really want to find a way to be able to stay in bed longer lol."
mononoke85,ib6u1a,"Do your full routine at night, can you wash your hair a few hours before going to bed so it can air dry? Or difuse with cold hair to speed up drying? Going to bed with wet hair is not great.

You can leave the gel cast, put your hair in a pineapple then satin bonnet. In the morning, your curls should be ok and can be revived after you scrunch it out with a little bit of hair oil or serum.

If you wake up not happy with your hair in spite of this , you can also wet your hair with a water spray and reapply a couple of products that can refresh your curl: some curling cream or gel. It’ll still be much faster than doing a full routine!"
chikoritaaaaaaa,ib6qps,I love the Derma E Scalp Relief Shampoo!!
nsk49,ib6qps,What shampoo should I use for dandruff?&&&I usually use sulfate free shampoos and can't find a good sulfate free shampoo for dandruff. Does anyone have any recommendations?
CurlyBot,ib6bey,"Hi! Gentle reminder: hair care routines are required for all photo posts, within 1 hour of posting. 

The bot is having hard time locating your routine! Please make sure you have a comment containing the word ""routine"" (and your actual routine, of course!) so your post can stay up.

[See here for how to fix this.](https://www.reddit.com/r/curlyhair/wiki/routine-requirements) Common problems: info included but the bot can't find it, I don't have a routine, this is a photo of someone/something else (not me), etc.

_This is a beta test! Please [message the mods](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fcurlyhair) if you have any issues._"
SilverBells20,ib6bey,"Is it wrong to envy my son’s gorgeous curls?&&&&&&Routine: cleanses (rarely!) with Mustela, conditions with Honest Co. sweet orange vanilla leave-in detangler, air dries, and spends lots of sweaty time in the sun! Mostly does nothing at all and looks amazing."
sabhaahmed,ib6bey,Stunning
AlliBaba1234,ib5gu3,"What about a scalp scrub that maintains moisture, like a co-wash? 

Maybe that could help you get your scalp really clean, but also go a few more days between washes."
chikoritaaaaaaa,ib5gu3,Try co-washing instead of washing with shampoo every day? I live in a hot and humid place and if I worked out outside or got super sweaty I’ll wet my hair and use a bit of conditioner and scrub my scalp with my fingers. Helps it get clean without stripping it.
elphiethroppy,ib5gu3,"How to keep hair moisturized when I shower everyday?&&&Hi!! I live in a very warm country and it’s always really hot here, so I get sweaty really easily. Apart from that I work out quite a lot so I have to shower or my hair feels very dirty and itchy. What are some tips you guys have to keep it from drying up even though I shower everyday? Thank you in advance!!

Edit: 
I use Dove shampoo and conditioner every time I shower, and if I don’t feel as sweaty I’ll use only conditioner. Afterwards I scrunch my hair up and add a curl defining mousse, and usually I’ll plop for about ten minutes then let it air dry.&&&Thank you for this :D!&&&Yeah I’ll deffo look into it. Thank you!"
CurlyBot,ib5dbu,"Hi! Gentle reminder: hair care routines are required for all photo posts, within 1 hour of posting. 

The bot is having hard time locating your routine! Please make sure you have a comment containing the word ""routine"" (and your actual routine, of course!) so your post can stay up!

FAQs:

* __I don't have a routine!__ If you wash your hair at all, that counts! Just let us know what you did for your hair.
* __I'm just asking for help!__ We're happy to help! This is much easier if we know what you are currently doing for your hair.
* __Included the info but the bot can't find it? Different situation? (E.g. asking about a product, etc.) [See here for more info.](https://www.reddit.com/r/curlyhair/wiki/routine-requirements)__

_This is a beta test! Please [message the mods](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fcurlyhair) if you have any issues._"
HMSBee,ib5dbu,Cantu and Eco Style are pretty heavy products that are probably weighing your hair down. There's a CG lite page you might want to check out: [www.curlsbot.com/cg-lite](https://www.curlsbot.com/cg-lite/) Good luck!
Ramirez1921,ib5dbu,"hello all! I recently got my super straight hair permed and this is the result. It is very nice and curly after the shower but no matter how many products I add or how I blow dry it, it always ends up looking semi straight.I love curly hair. Any tips ?&&&&&&I bought a wide tooth comb but only brush my hair in the shower. I used cantu curling cream when my hair is damp and rake my fingers thru my hair. Then I use the eco style gel and scrunch the curls. Then some mousse after.&&&I don’t really have a routine I just started into the curly hair world but I used OGX coconut curls shampoo and conditioner in the shower and some of shea moisture daily hydration coconut conditioner. Then I use Cantu leave in conditioner cream and Eco Style and rake through my hair and the Suave mousse to hold my curls. I am still in need of help for a routine! Thanks!"
tarius88,ib5dbu,"Are you using a brush? Using a brush can disrupt curls so it looks like a simple finger rake after the shower or a wide tooth comb is about all you need if you plan to wear your curls down. And what kind of products are you using? 

Since your hair texture has changed, your products need to as well. Curls need a lot of moisture and do not need to be shampooed daily. I'd suggest to get the waves to stay to use a a curl cream like Garnier fructise right after a shampoo and condition and distribute it while wet with a wide tooth comb; then go in with the spray gel by Garnier and scrunch from the bottom just to see how it goes. 

If you want to get a really defined curl you can get soft rollers or the bendy curl rods from Amazon and put those in your hair at night with a satin bonnet for curls in the morning that just need a bit of hairspray or mousse to stay for your day. Lots of tutorials out there. Have fun with it!"
NotSoNewYorker,ib58ll,Can you go see a dermatologist who may be able to give you more info than this sub? Or an endocrinologist? Not sure if that's the right specialty but I empathize with having doctors not able to figure out what's wrong with you.  I wish I could help you more but I hope you get your anemia treated soon 💗
geereads,ib58ll,"Is an iron infusion an option where you are? I'm in Australia and struggled with taking iron supplements, so I got an iron infusion and felt a difference really quickly, which helped me know that at least my new hair growth moving forward would be healthy and the hair loss would slow down dramatically. There's also reasons other than diet that can cause anemia and therefore hair loss. Hope you find a solution soon."
icecream_oracle,ib58ll,"Significant hair loss and thinning. Stress and chronic anemia.&&&I'm too embarrassed to post a picture. My (low-porosity, 2a) hair is thin and stringy at the bottom. It falls out. The canopy of my hair is also not in good shape, i.e. damaged and fails to hold curl shape. I've had iron deficient anemia since 14, and now I'm 24. Looking around, there doesn't seem to be a lot of discussion of it in this sub, but please correct me if I'm wrong.

Putting an iron pill in my mouth once in 10 years is impossible, it seems. I'm depressed and I struggle with self care. But I always tried to take care of my hair. When my hair started to fall out in chunks, it was psychologically scarring beyond words.

I went to my doctor a few times; he said that it was stress causing the hair loss. Blood tests obviously confirmed anemia, but my doctor never drew a parallel. Which is disheartening.

I found out in this sub that the state of my hair can be due to anemia. I've been eating healthy, but the damage is done. Does anyone struggle with this? Does anyone have any tips in any way? I'm sorry if this is a little disjointed&&&Thanks... I'm going to look into this&&&I was hesitant due to covid concerns and the cost. I've seen a derm. in the past for my skin, and my doctor really grilled me and didn't really seem to want to refer me. I'm really ashamed of my hair so it would be hard for me to feel like I'm playing up how bad it already is to get a referral from him.

Thanks for your reply and empathy"
flobobunny,ib4quf,I'd say its inbetween a 3a and a 3b
notmyplant,ib4quf,"is this curl considered 3A or 3B? (ignore the stuffed animals in the background)&&&&&&most of my hair is made up of those and i think i noticed a much tighter one a few days ago but i think its gone now :(. i usually say my hair is 3A bc when i look up girls with 3A hair vs girls with 3B hair, mine looks more like 3A most of the time.


routine: i wash my hair with the “not your mothers naturals coconut milk & african marula tree oil high moisture” shampoo and conditioner then i put the “shea moisture jamaican black castor oil leave in conditioner”. after that i use “paul mitchell’s super skinny serum” and then scrunch with the “garnier fructus curl shaping jelly”"
tdt5826037,ib4quf,Thats curly .....
Jade-night,ib4i63,"Something else you might want to consider beside the very important protein vs moisture (p vs m) balance is the [dew point](https://www.naturallycurly.com/curlreading/wavy-hair-type-2/the-411-on-dew-points-humectants) of where you live. Most of the year where I live the dew point is low so my hair is ok with products containing humectants like glycerin. We had a couple of weeks of hot weather and suddenly my hair couldn’t stand it at all, was incredibly dry and I had to use loads of emollients.
I recommend not trying loads and loads of products. Read up on the 5 or 6 major ingredients of a product and understand what they do and if they work for your hair p vs m balance, porosity, strand thickness and region dew point."
NotSoNewYorker,ib4i63,"What worked for you before this happened? Might make sense to start over and therefore you call then ease back products in your hair one by one. Perhaps do a reset wash with your products before you went CG and see how you feel. FYI not your mother's has several lines without coconut etc.

I had the same issue with protein overload. I also get a similar problem with coconut. Good luck!"
Professional_Dog_564,ib4i63,"PLEASE HELP!&&&Hi there! I’m at a complete breaking point with my hair and have no idea what to do. It is INSANELYYYYY dry no matter what I do. And when I say dry, I’m talking like dryer than any hair you’ve probably ever seen - seriously. I’m in lots of hair care groups online and I’ve genuinely never ever seen another person with hair as dry and gross as mine. It’s INSANE. I follow the cg method and I’ve tried pretty much every brand on the market but NOTHING works. I deep conditioner regularly and clarify as needed. I do not have hard water and I don’t heat style at all. At first I thought I had super low porosity hair because it takes a while to get wet and if I sprits it with water it literally beads up, but then it dries super super fast (into a super gross dry frizzy poof) which sounds more like high porosity...I have no idea. For the record my hair is a mixture of 2b/3a and berg course/thick but since it’s so insanely dry and frizzy it basically have no curl pattern at all rn. This has been going on for a few months and It’s starting to really affect my mental health.. I just don’t know what to do. I cannot describe how dry my hair looks and feels (it feels like ACTUAL straw). I have a feeling that things like aloe, coconut oil, and glycerin MAY be the culprits but for the life of me I cannot find natural, cg method friendly products that don’t contain these things. I’m so stressed out and now have to wear my hair up EVERY day. FYI This is my first time on here so I have no idea how to add a photo. Thank you in advance for any advice! I feel very alone:("
foolishtactician,ib4i63,"Your hair drying super fast sounds like possible flash drying. If you're not using much protein in your routine, try cutting out all forms of coconut. Aloe and coconut can both act as protein mimickers, but coconut is the more common one. Keep your routine as simple as possible. If you need a new conditioner Tresemme Perfectly Undone conditioner and Not Your Mother's Naturals in the yellow bottle are both coconut free. Try not to freak out! There's a surprisingly finite amount of things that can truly mess hair up, and you've already ruled out hard water and product buildup. You'll get to the bottom of this, I promise."
acatreadingamap,ib44rr,"Anyone else hate product in their hair?&&&I never used product in my hair before starting CGM and now that I’m trying to add definition and hold to my messy frizzy waves I find I’m using quite a bit of mousse and gel... but I absolutely HATE the way it makes my hair feel. As soon as I start adding product it turns into stringy frizzy ramen noodle hair. It feels so tangled and producty!! Basically I hate how products make my hair look and feel but my hair also won’t hold a wave/curl without them. Am I using the wrong products/ingredients or is anyone else struggling with this??&&&I’m still experimenting so I’ve tried: just mousse (herbal essences totally twisted mousse), scrunched in on wet but not soaking hair (I found it gave me more volume when applied this way). I’ve also tried just gel (Giovanni L.A. hold styling gel) glazed and scrunched on soaking wet hair. Also tried mousse then gel mixed with a bit of water (mousse scrunched in first, then gel glazed and scrunched in). I always diffuse on low heat and sometimes plop for 15-20 before diffusing. Honestly my hair looked and felt better before I started using products&&&Is it possible for your hair to just hate product? When I started CGM I didn’t use any product other than leave in conditioner and that’s the best it ever looked"
barbellsnbooks,ib44rr,Most likely the products you’re using and maybe the way you apply them. I barely feel my gel. What’s your routine?
bitchybisexual02,ib44rr,My hair doesn't like gel or mousse either. I LOVE the Maui Moisture curl smoothie. Defines hair without making it crunchy
Reallyfeprincess,ib3yut,"Curly Q /Took a min to get to this stage of curly don’t give up after years of damage I finally am happy Main Products Used:ELVIVE Total Repair system And the Aussie ApricotOil smells and feels amazing, and finally for a quick wash and go method most def use Miss Jessie’s curls&&&"
Oooohhhsparkles,ib3pdl,"My hair went from ringlets everywhere to frizzy, hardly curls—maybe due to hormones/stress? What can I do?&&&&&&I did hear about that (just a month ago sadly) but I didn’t start Deva Curl until awhile after I moved back, and the cream ended up helping my hair a lot. I did quit the shampoo/conditioner from Deva Curl.&&&I recently moved to a new apartment, but at my old location we had a softener. Not really sure how well it was working but it was there lol Definitely nothing at my new apartment, but I’d say the water is pretty bad. My hair has been worse since I got here. Aside from softening the water is there a way to help that?&&&Back in the day (late element through freshman year of college) I had CURLS (top two pics). It was thick and super curly. I was literally just using herbal essence curly hair shampoo/conditioner every single day and using the same kind of mousse. (Sometimes other mousse, but that was basically it.) My sophomore year of college, I got broken up with and it destroyed me. (I had also started birth control my senior year of high school and wonder if that played into it.) I cut off a lot of my hair and within that next year my hair turned to crap. Limp, wavy, thinner, and undefined. And it basically stayed there until I moved to a subtropical island in Japan two years ago (bottom left pic). I was still using regular shampoo and conditioner (Garnier Fructis I think) herbal essence mousse but my hair was doing so much better in the daily 70%+ humidity. Still not as curly, but before I left it was so limp and terrible. 

I moved back to the states and my hair (and skin)was WRECKED. It was so much drier here. I had more dead ends than I’d ever seen in my life. I still have quiet a few even after trims, and I’m not sure why.

(Current routine stuff here!) So I started trying to do better by my hair and found that protein helped me a lot. I used these pink packs of Hask keratin protein deep conditioner, wash my hair weekly, and use deva curl cream and/or shea moisture cream. I also use some mousse and touch up with either mousse or cream, although sometimes the cream weighs my hair down. Also, on my wash day, I comb my hair in the shower and immediately add all my product while it’s soaking. Then I plop for a bit and actually lay with my hair flat. If I keep my hair in a plop over night it makes it super flat. For some reason I get the best curls by letting it dry flat, but it’s a pain in the butt because my hair is wet. 

My hair has been doing better but it’s still nothing like it was. And it’s always terrible in the back (bottom right). My shampoo choices aren’t great either, but I did try deva curl shampoo/conditioner and I felt like it made my hair even drier. I’m just lost and tired of my hair looking like limp, undefined crap. 

TLDR: has anyone else had their hair go from super curly to crap without any real change in routine? Any advice on something to try to make it all better. I miss my high school hair :’(

Edit: formatting (Jk, it changed nothing. Sorry ya’ll)"
aerosmithangel,ib3pdl,"It could've been the climate change being harsh on your hair. Also, I've heard of many people having their hair damaged by using DevaCurl products."
foolishtactician,ib3pdl,Your hair changing so much by location makes me think it might be the water. Do you currently have hard water? Check your shower head for white scum if you're not sure.
mononoke85,ib3o2x,"Ohhhh think about all the scalp massages you’re going to be giving yourself!!

I would think that given the short length, you can let your curls live their new healthy life without using too much product for a bit.  I would focus on hair health: the aforementioned scalp oil massages are gonna stimulate blood flow and give you strong roots ( I personally loooove almond oil: so light, so soft and it has a drier finish that some other oils!) , you should obviously make sure you deep condition whenever the length allows you to and maybe play with gel, mousses and styling products when you’ll have more of a pixie length?

In any case, I feel like it’s the best time to slow down the product layering and really pamper those roots and new growth by just helping mother nature :)"
whirlwhind666,ib3o2x,Product suggestions for hair post-buzz cut?&&&i shaved my head to the scalp about a month ago and i know it will look very awkward over the next couple months while my curls haven’t formed yet. Any CGM product recommendations for styling my hair while it’s less than 2 inches? Thanks
FineLetterhead5,ib3cu0,"Herbal Essences Totally Twisted Gel (glycerin-free); great hold, minimal drying time. It costs anywhere from $2.68-$3 at Walmart, etc... If you want to splurge, Curlsmith Curl Defining Soufflé is good for a medium-hold but takes a while to dry since its consistency is like Jello. Their ingredients are organic so it's on the pricey-er side ($27). Occasionally, ULTA will have really good deals such as BOGO or 50% off."
SerenaFit,ib3cu0,I like Pantene & dippity do girls with curls mousse the best.
X0utlanderX,ib3cu0,Did they leave a residue&&&Do they leave residue?
bestloveddevice,ib3cu0,"Gel or mousse for low-porosity curls?&&&Hi, a guy here with 3a-b, fine and low porosity hair. I've been using gel for some time on top of a leave-in conditioner in order to get curl definition/ tame frizz. So far, the only gel that seems to consistently work is the LA Looks Extreme - other gels leave my hair dry or flakey or make my hair limp and weighed down. I have been thinking of switching to a mousse for a while to try something different and was wondering if anyone with low-porosity hair has experience with mousse, and whether it tends to weigh the hair down less than gel. Any mousse suggestions? I'm thinking of starting off with a cheaper drugstore mousse first, but open to more expensive brands.&&&Thanks!!&&&Thanks! I'll give those a try&&&Thanks so much these are great recommendations! I'll definitely try some of these - especially interested in the Eco Krystal gel. I tried the olive/argan oil ones and the gel hold was great but the extra moisture wrecked my hair with build up."
das_maro,ib3cu0,"I have 3b-3c low porosity hair and am a guy too. Depending on how you style your hair here are a few things I use...to reference, I do a fade the sides and on one side I have a natural part and the top it's too long. 

* Eco Krystal gel. Not the ones with Olive Oil or Aragon Oil in them, they are heavy on my hair and pull the curl out. 
* Check out pomades and creams too.
* Pacino's Pomade, it's very light weight and not like a typical oil pomade. It is something in between a gel and wax. Very easy to wash out of your hair though, not like a regular oil pomade. After your conditioner, wait for it to dry a little bit then add it in and use a hair drier with a defuser on medium heat and you will see your curls pop. 
* Fix Your Lid medium hold hair cream works pretty well. Easy to put in the hair not as ""wet"" of a look, but still really nice. 
* Suavecito oil based pomade - this one for me is tricky but the results to me are really worth it. Usually the night before or even a few hours before I'll add this into my dry hair not a ton just enough to get it all in there. Maybe like a quarter size amount rub it in my hands to warm it up and then put it in. I'll take a shower and just put conditioner in my hair no shampoo, then some leave-in and let it dry naturally or you can do it with a drier too. Your curls will really pop and tighten up and it will last in your hair for a few days and it really nourishes the hair. You could probably even just add it in and wet your hair down too if you didn't want to do the extra steps.

All of these are pretty affordable, I think the most expensive one is the Pacino's it's like $15.00 ish, but it will last you awhile.  These are all products you can use in hot climates too and they give you a lot of good hold no frizz. 

Mousse for me personally, and I have not used it in many years so things might have changed, however, I find that they can be really drying, it doesn't show off your curls as much as in it makes them flat kind of, if you are looking for that ""wet"" or ""professional"" look after the mousse dries you won't get that, if you live in a hot climate...it's a no go lol it does not hold well and your hair will get frizzy too. But like I said it has been at least 10 yrs since I have used mousse in my hair, so I am sure things have changed.

If you want to try some mousses out though, I would look into Creme of Nature, Shea Mouister, Mielle, Carol's daughter...these brands are more geared for Black and curly hair, so they are going to moisturize and not strip your hair. Just do your research and make sure you are getting things that are for low porosity so they don't weigh your hair down. 

Hope this helped!"
happyhippoking,ib3cu0,"I'm not a mousse only person but I love to pair a mousse with a gel! My favorite mousse is the SheaMoisture Coconut and Hibiscus or LottaBody mousse. Other good mousses are the Aussie Instant Freeze Mousse, Herbal Essences Totally Twisted or Body Envy, Dove or the NYM Curl Talk mousse. Personally, I don't think more expensive mousses are worth it."
JasonMomoasScrunchie,ib3bwt,I suspect the bleaching of your hair is part of the problem. I have heard others saying that bleaching their hair ruined their curls. Have you tried an olaplex treatment or a hair mask?
digbyz,ib3bwt,"9mo CGM. I don't know how to describe what's wrong with my hair, but always looks stringy/tangled/dirty. 1 day after using the Aphogee keratin treatment and it's better than it's looked in months, but still nothing like my curls 1Mo CGM. How do I bring back those thick shiny ringlets?&&&&&&ive been doing keratin treatments but i havent tried olaplex! its pretty expensive and im not sure one bottle is enough for my hair so i'll have to save up&&&First two pictures (blonde hair, bleached in march) routine was:
Wash with Hask Keratin Smoothing Shampoo
*Aphogee Two-Step Protein Treatment
*Aphogee Balancing Moisturizer
Cantu Coconut Curling Cream
Shea Moisture Hold and Shine Moisture Mist
LA Looks Sport Extreme Hold Gel

I don't find plopping to dry my hair very effectively and always left flat spots, so I towel dry and this time I diffused upside down for a few minutes. *Generally instead of the Aphogee treatment I will cowash with Vo5 conditioner and use Shea Moisture Coconut & Hibiscus Curl & Shine conditioner, then follow the rest of the routine as stated.

Last two pictures (brown hair) routine was:
Wash with Hask Keratin Smoothing Shampoo every other week
Cowash/detangle with VO5 conditioner
Cantu Coconut Curling Cream
LA Looks Sport Extreme Hold Gel

I think a big issue might be that I need a haircut? With my brown hair I would soak it with Vo5 conditioner then detangle with a wet brush in the shower, then finger coil, but now using a wet brush destroys my curl pattern and my hair tangles too quickly to finger curl it, even after brushing it with conditioner and a wet brush. It tangles almost instantly and is difficult to separate. I'm thinking this might be a dryness problem too? But I'm worried about over hydrating my hair and weighing it down. Thoughts?"
wellhere-iam,ib3bwt,I was having an issue with my roots being really stringy and it was because of product buildup. I used the Aztec clay mask with apple cider vinegar and a little bit of grapeseed oil and it really helped my hair!
