index,id,comments
CristiJ411,glt7vj,"I like to use Curls blueberry bliss leave in.  It's pretty light weight on my hair that is easily weighed down, and you only need a little bit."
OhSoSchwifty,glt7vj,I like the Giovanni Weightless Moisture leave in.
ZachOdinson,glt7vj,What’s a good silicone free leave in conditioner for 2c/3a hair? Preferably not a spray&&&&&&Thank you!
mind_thedrop,glt7vj,"This! I literally asked for 4 bottles of this for Christmas because this stuff just works. OP, I also has 2c-3a hair and this has been a constant in my hair routine for 3 years."
GlowInTheDarkSpaces,glt2ae,It sounds like your hair is really porous. I think a protein treatment would seal up the cuticle a bit which should help with dry time.
Nana24_95,glt2ae,"Hair never dries!&&&I showered yesterday and put my hair in twists hoping it will dry with curls. Woke up and my hair still wet. Went about my day and 24 hours later my hair is still wet! 

I untwisted it and used blow drier. I have been trying to stay away from heat but my hair is driving me crazy. 

What can help dry hair faster without creating frizz?"
SeaHareKingdom,glt2ae,The same thing happens to me! What made it work was Letting my hair dry almost entirely before twisting it.
glitterabyss,glt2ae,"This happens to me all the time, i have super thick coarse hair, there's pretty much no way i've found to stop it. You could try smaller twists? I've slept on pin curls a bunch of times and the only way i've found to work is wait until your hair is just damp, then put it up in smaller sections than most tutorials say to do."
NikiVes,glsydz,I am just starting this cgm. My hair is similar to yours:) well hopefully it will be again once I get this cgm process:/ There’s so much to do! I Am so new to this. Should I not wash my hair at night?
enigmatic-dr-scully,glsydz,Are.. are you Moana 😍
shypye,glsydz,I was scrolling through and my 4 year old pointed and asked if you were Moana ❤
usr28064212,glsydz,"A little frizzy after picking out some leaves and sticks due to an impromptu photoshoot on the ground..&&&&&&aw that’s the cutest thing ever :,)&&&I wish I had a before picture! I shampoo once or twice per week with cantu shea butter shampoo, and cowash daily with TRESemme curl hydrating conditioner. I wrap my hair up in a towel while getting out of the shower for a minute or two, and paddle brush starting at the ends. Then I rake Cantu Wave Whip Curling Mousse throughout my hair, and scrunch to regain my curls. Air dry!&&&I personally don’t like washing my hair at night simply for the fact that I put it up or in a braid, and it takes forever to dry that way. If i bathe at night i’ll wear a shower cap or take a bath! If i absolutely have to wash it at night after a long day, I’ll put some coconut oil for moisture and braid it loosely so it doesn’t tangle while i’m asleep. 

When i’m planning on styling it for the day I always cowash (or at least wet it completely, especially when i washed it the previous night) beforehand because my hair is doomed for frizz if i try anything while it’s dry."
adamdoev92,glsv6x,"I sometimes model for my roommates photography.&&&&&&My hair routine is a apple cider vinegar wash twice a week, using bad and bougue shampoo twice a week (depends) and then finishing with a leave in conditioner."
DumpsterRaccoons,glsb4g,No advice but god I wish I had your curl pattern
Jessachelle,glsb4g,Embrace it! Your hair is super beautiful.
RepublicOfNope,glsb4g,"I had the same problem!

The easiest solution is this: when your hair is still wet, like water dripping from it wet, split into two parts, add leave in conditioner. Rake is through the hair with your hands and use praying hands method as well. If it's straight, it's fine. Then you can apply your mousse the same way. Use more product rather than less.

Once that's done, I personally find that putting Biosilk hair oil in my hair helps me tame my frizz. It's not CG, bit it's the only thing that works for me. I put it right after my leave in conditioner, but before gel/mousse.

Then when all the product is there, and your hair is straight, flip upside down, take the towel and gently scrunch up to form the curls. Once your hair is close to your head squeeze out the water, all the while being gentle. I do this about 5-6 times, then I plot for 20-30 minutes with the towel, and then I air dry.

Diffusing makes it frizzy for me, even with gel.

Good luck!"
avandermay,glsb4g,"Your hair looks similar to mine in curl type and texture and I found that when I used the shea moisture shampoo, my hair was super frizzy. I started using Aveeno Fresh Greens Blend Shampoo which is more of a ""low poo"" and it got rid of so much frizz. I think it was just too much product build up on my fine strands."
cytowrecknologist,glsb4g,"I have a couple questions that might help.

When are you putting in the gel/mousse? I've been finding that putting it in before I towel dry my hair yields a more even application than after. (My routine: rinse conditioner out with my head flipped forward, squish-ro-condish Cantu Curl Activator cream on the ends, prayer-hands in some Garnier Fructis Curl Construct mousse, scrunch out excess water, turbie towel that shizz. Air dry in my sleep. LOL at the ease, volume for days.)

And, on that note, you're using a microfiber towel but how are you drying it? Any sort of friction is going to cause frizz, so try plopping or using a turbie towel if you're not.

I agree, honestly I love your hair here and I've come to embrace that curls are always going to be at least a little frizzy and it's okay. What's funny is some of my worst hair days have yielded the most compliments!"
elrojosombrero,glsb4g,Your face is so precious
iama-canadian-ehma,glsb4g,"I agree with the other poster, your hair is GORGEOUS."
mind_thedrop,glsb4g,"For what it's worth, I think your hair looks gorgeous and I wouldn't change a thing! You mention you blow dry it, do you blow dry until it's completely dry? I believe you're supposed to dry to maybe 80% (give or take depending on your hair) and then let the rest air dry. Also, a denman brush could encourage clumping and would keep the hair in curls rather than frizz out."
mushlove96,glsb4g,Do you sleep with the towel still on your head?
myhubbytheantichrist,glsb4g,"MONTH 1 - Looking for frizz advice!&&&&&&Thank you! I usually towel dry my hair and then put the mousse in. So that may help me out to do it the other way! And I usually just tie the towel up on my head to dry it. I tried the plopping method but really could tell the difference so I stopped. Lol there’s so many little things you can do that might dramatically change your hair, it’s crazy!!&&&Current Routine: 
Wash and condition with Shea Moisture Retention shampoo and conditioner then dry with a microfiber towel until damp. Then I add Dry Bar Southern Belle Mousse all over and scrunch. Flip my hair upside down and slowly dry with hair dryer on the low setting. 

My hair does not do well with gels so far. I have tried kinky curly gel and a few of Shea moistures coconut products. My hair didn’t like those at all.

Looking to cut down on the frizz and make my hair look softer. If I don’t use a mousse my hair has zero volume. I think I maybe have a protein overload problem. I used to be vegetarian and my hair never had split ends or looked dead. Now that I’ve switched back to eating meat my hair is awful! It’s dry and brittle. Any advice? 



Also if anyone knows a good mousse that has a better rating on EWG please send my way!! I’m trying to use products with little to no harmful products in them.&&&Thank you for the advice!! I’m so happy I have so many new things to try for all these comments!! This community is the best. Do you have a leave in conditioner that you would recommend?&&&Awesome!! I will order it and try it out!! Thank you for the suggestion&&&I usually make my own avocado mask every two weeks. Do you have any masks you would recommend? I think adding another type of deep conditioning mask once a week might help.&&&Thank you!!! I’m just starting my curly journey so that gives me an extra confidence boost to keep going 🥰&&&Thank you 🥰&&&Thank you!! I’m gonna pick up that mousse on my next target run!"
nixi-e,glsb4g,"I had the same issue! My hair is naturally pretty frizzy, but I found 2 things that help mitigate that; 

1) Put your mousse in when your hair is still wet. I find that this helps the mousse hold better, weigh down frizz and the hair dries smoother. 

2) I personally find products with coconut really heavy for my curls, so I stick with the eco styler gel. They are pretty cheap for a lot of product and they have A LOT of different types. I love the argan one (red jar) and I put it in my hair after the mousse while it’s still wet, and it adds a lot of hold + shine and very little to no frizz! I know you said you don’t like gels, but I would consider giving eco styler a chance if you’re interested!

I also had an issue with protein overload from a conditioner I using, so I switched a very light protein based conditioner that’s heavy on the moisture side, and do a protein mask about once a week to once every two weeks. Generally dry and brittle hair needs more moisture. As for mousse recommendations, I LOVE the air dry sea salt mousse from Kristin Ess. It’s very light on the hair and provides movable hold, but also gives beautiful curl and volume. And it’s only $10 at Target!"
teenagegumshoe,glsb4g,"Do you use any deep conditioning masks? That might work to ‘smoothen’ your hair and deal with the protein overload.

Also, if commercial gels aren’t working for you, maybe a home made flax seed gel might help"
thankingyouu,glsb4g,"1. Your hair loos absolutely beautiful. 
2. If you really want to help frizz (even though your hair looks amazing), I would try experimenting with leave in conditioners. The Jamaican Black Castor Oil Leave-In is my favoriteeee. It is a bit thicker but it makes my hair feel so soft for DAYS and i have never had a frizz problem since starting it! But again experiment with different ones for your hair!"
belleisafan,glrw1v,"Mine too but reverse. My top layer was super wavy/sorta curly and the bottom was pretty straight.&&&So, no reset (I believe that's what that is called), then? Also, hun, ya got curl. You belong here."
darryljean,glrw1v,That’s what my hair was like before I started doing the curly girl method!
lets-go-to-the-zoo,glrw1v,"Do I belong here? This is my hair about 50% dry, no product. Underside is serving texture but topside is like nope I’m straight.&&&&&&Seriously?  And what is it like now??  Tell me your secrets!  Mostly I’m just concerned about the overall effort.  My 3 yr old daughter has curly hair, which is how I stumbled upon this sub, and I am trying to teach her healthy habits to manage her curly mane.  I want her to love her hair and not fight with it, but MAN am I overwhelmed by the sheer task of it all!!&&&Routine: for years I’ve just co-washed because my hair is not oily (verging on dry).  I co-wash once per week.  This time with Shea Moisture Coconut & Hibiscus Conditioner.  Combed through while wet, rinsed, and this pic was taken about 2 hrs later.  No other products this time."
mind_thedrop,glrsi5,"I get my hair dyed and recently went a little colorful that required some lighting. I keep my products the same and just add a deep conditioner that's meant for colored hair. You can transition over to all color treated hair products but I didn't think it was necessary since I only wash my hair every 5ish days. The biggest thing is to keep hair washing down to preserve color and moisture to repair the hair and keep it healthy. Most curl products are already focused on moisture so that's why I didn't feel the need to really change anything.

Oh! And my stylist did and olaplex treatment between lightening and coloring my hair and I think that really helped prevent damage. My hair is the exact same before and after coloring :)"
spo0kymeoww,glrsi5,"For those who have their hair professionally dyed...&&&What’s you routine following a fresh coloring? A reset wash? I’m new to CG and will be having my hair colored soon, wanting to know what to do to not ruin progress!"
LadyBubsFluffy,glrm0o,"I don't have too many suggestions, because I myself have an inconsistent curl pattern, but I love your eyeshadow! Can I ask what it is?"
PANTSorGTFO,glrm0o,I feel your pain.
barbellsnbooks,glrm0o,Try using lighter products.  Your hair is probably being weighed down.
singing_softly,glrm0o,"Tips to make curl pattern more consistent, peep the little curl sticking off the top of my head lol&&&&&&James Charles x Morphe pallette&&&Routine:
Cantu complete conditioning co wash, tresemme botanique aloe and coconut conditioner, detangle and squish to condish in shower, scrunch and smooth in Cantu coconut curl cream, Cantu Shea butter conditioning repair cream in ends, Aussie instant freeze or tresemme gel. Plopped for an hour or two and air dried, then scrunch out the crunch."
AboutStella,glrl7g,Ughh I love these curls!
PepaMarcos,glrl7g,"Perfection!

How long are your bangs when wet and combed out (pulled straight)?"
animadeup,glrl7g,craziest part is that her hair isn’t even short - she said her bangs are down to her chin. shrinkage is like magic
bloodyfoxxy,glrl7g,gorgeous curls! so bouncy & juicy! you’re looking fabulous as well
cinnybunn82,glrl7g,Holy wow you are gorgeous!! Beautiful curls!!
crowmami,glrl7g,? Cut ur hair?
curlynstressed,glrl7g,Shiny curls + big hoops 😍
jalfe,glrl7g,"Livin La Vida Curly!!&&&&&&Thank you so much! Quarantine has made me take care of myself and my hair ❤️&&&Hoops are always a must 🥰🥰&&&Product List~

So I used all Cantu products. I started with Cantus Curl cream and then I used their avocado hair gel and scrunched those curls! I diffuse for 15-20 medium heat switching to cool every 3-5 minutes, then just let my hair air dry. Lastly I put tea tree oil on my hands to separate the curls naturally and give myself a little scalp massage & use a wide tooth comb to give the curls some volume ❤️

P.S. I used a semi permanent hair wax in Gold!&&&Thank you! They’ve come a long way 😊"
princessscookie,glrl7g,Dream curls right there!
reallycoolsnail,glrl7g,I’m jealous of everyone with short hair
soundstragic,glrl7g,Gorgeous!  Those curls! The whole look! <3
wondychon,glrl7g,almost thought this was skincareaddiction!! hair and skin goals
SY2003,glrkgh,How do I know if my hair is actually curly or wavy?&&&my hair is super frizzy and straight when I blow dry but frizzy and curly when I air dry. It has a dry texture and the only thing I can do with it is put it in a bun because it's kind of stiff.
mind_thedrop,glrkgh,Have you tried the curly girl method yet?
nidhidki,glre9b,This might be the first time i've managed to get a good hair day on camera.&&&
unarolaenusa,glrdu1,Day 4! Wow! It looks so great. What do you do at night?
unidioterousse,glrdu1,"Despite my hair only seeing buns and tight ponytails throughout quarantine, I'm relieved to see that my curls are still there&&&&&&Day 4 hair, 17 months cgm!

I rinsed my hair in cool water, and then I used two pumps of Bright Body's moisture locking spray (locally made in Richmond, VA!) raked through my hair. I did a quick spray of water before using two pumps of Cantu's wave whip curling mousse, by raking through and then lightly scrunching. I squished a condition with Curlsmith's curl defining styling soufflé. 

I scrunched my hair with a t-shirt and then plopped for 10 minutes with the t-shirt. After plopping, I air dried.

I hope all y'all are doing well out there!!&&&Thank you! I either have it loose or in a loose ponytail with an invisibobble, but the real game changer for me was silk pillow cases! When I'm rinsing my hair with cool water, I also massage my scalp, and I think that really helps reduce any buildup."
goodtimesonlyxD,glqr53,"Need a new shampoo&&&Hi, so even though I have curly hair, my hair at the root is oily and I am looking for a shampoo that will help with that because doing the co wash and then doing another layer of conditioner is making my head more oily and my face break out. I am also losing hair and I was looking into possibly buying a biotin base shampoo but I wanted your opinion. 😊 lmk what your recommendations are."
catgirl1359,glq78r,Any chance you could get an allergy test done? That way you can be sure of what ingredient(s) to avoid.
cbee6390,glq78r,"Ingredients in Devacurl Wavemaker and CURLS Blueberry Bliss Leave-in Conditioner causing irritation?&&&Hi all, longtime lurker who mostly follows CGM but occasionally uses products with silicone. I've got 2c/3a hair that is recovering from years of heat damage and typically needs products with a good amount of protein to encourage the curl. (My hair also loves Olaplex #3 and Aphogee protein treatments.)

Recently I've noticed that I get hives and itchiness around my hairline and forehead when I use either Devacurl Wavemaker or the CURLS Blueberry Bliss Leave-In Conditioner. (I've only noticed recently that those 2 are the culprit - not that the hives are a new development.) 

Both products are by fair my favorite in terms of results, but unfortunately both cause the hives without fail. I compared the ingredient lists (below) and it seems like its the fragrances or something called ""Phenoxyethanol."" I do know about the DevaCurl controversy but haven't had issues with their gel (don't use any of their other products but also don't use the gel often TBH).

I'd like to try another hair product that has a similar result - and I'd prefer a cream (or even a spray) over a gel - in terms of creating/encouraging waves. I'm curious to try other products before going really simple like the Jessicurl unscented option - but I'm nervous to shell out $20-30 to try a new product that might give me hives again. So, maybe I should just go straight to the unscented options...

Any recommended products for sensitive skin? Also, anyone else have a bad reaction to both Wave Maker and Blueberry Bliss Leave-in?

**Ingredient comparision**: [https://www.skincarisma.com/comparisons/wave-maker--vs--blueberry-bliss-reparative-leave-in-conditioner](https://www.skincarisma.com/comparisons/wave-maker--vs--blueberry-bliss-reparative-leave-in-conditioner)&&&Not during COVID :/ Maybe in the future..."
