index,id,comments
SerialKnitter2222,nze2bi,"If you get a snozzzle pro, it will fit any dryer ☺️. You can find it on Amazon.  Love that diffuser."
buffy122988,nze2bi,I have the Babylisspro nano titanium and it fits the black orchid.
neptunoneptuneazul,nze2bi,Good hair dryers that fit black orchid diffuser?&&&I have a curly pixie cut and need to find a hair dryer that fits the black orchid diffuser. I’m on the fence about the Infinitipro Conair because of the force of dryer. Any suggestions for a decent affordable hair dryer that fits the black orchid? What dryers do you use? Any suggestions are appreciated!
Jew_Unit,nzdvkw,"Hello, I'm a guy with a similar hair type and porosity, and in a month or so, I could tell you how it turns out with my new routine. Waiting on products right now, though I still don't have a good leave in. Have you found a good one?"
KafkaesqueLife,nzdvkw,"Product Reqs for thick high porosity hair?&&&My boyfriend is jumping on the CGM train and we're trying to figure out what products work for him. He has thick, high porosity hair that's very dry and frizzy. We live in a high humidity area and he has sensitive skin and a dry scalp. Type 3b/3c hair is my best guess. 

We're still in the process of figuring out products and an order/routine for him, so any recommendations or tips would be much appreciated! Just got a denman brush + a few new cowashes/conditioners/leave ins/gel/hair masks to experiment with.&&&He's been using the Cantu leave in conditioner for now, and hasn't had complaints. But I'm still looking around for even better options. We recently - FINALLY - found him a hair stylist and the trim really helped with frizz! She also gave us a few product recommendations, but I need to ask her about leave ins."
2boredtocare,nzdonw,"Me this morning: Do I want good *hair*, or good *coffee*, because I did not leave myself time for both.  Today, the coffee won and my hair is still not fully dry 3 hours later."
Arthur_GC,nzdonw,Same
BitterChildhood2327,nzdonw,"I think I should plan my wedding for only when my curly hair routine discovery is done, it's more of a challenge than finding the right guy :)"
Catharas,nzdonw,It really is a struggle
Ceallach1770,nzdonw,Me too.
DarthNarcissa,nzdonw,"That was me this weekend. 

""I need to re-apply my Arctic Fox dye this weekend.  Hmm... Wash day is Sunday.  I can move wash day to Friday night, re-dye, then just deep condition Saturday morning and cowash on Sunday..."""
Earth2Monkey,nzdonw,"Wash and deep conditioning is always on Saturday, unless I have plans on Sunday"
FerociousFrizzlyBear,nzdonw,"Just cut my hair from waist to jaw and this is waaaay less of a concern than it used to be.&&&I think “wash” is often used as a catchall to refer to soaking your hair in the shower vs. just reviving some frizz or squished curls in your dry hair in other days. It doesn’t differentiate between the actual products used in the shower. When wash really means wash, sometimes the difference is that you have to layer in some oils or heavier products."
FletcherFletch80,nzdonw,😂
HikariTenshii,nzdonw,"My hair only starts to look good a day after I washed it, I normally only wash it once or twice a week because it looks better the longer i go without washing"
Japatts,nzdonw,"This quickly became my life after starting cgm…&&&&&&I had to go back into the office for two weeks in a row…I decided it was best to wake up 4 hours before work and recondition between washes to get my hair to *nearly* cooperate. Not ideal but I once forgot I hadn’t touched it all day, jumped on a teams call, and got audibly laughed at. Luckily it was just my boss and not any of my clients.&&&For me it’s a roll of the dice…wash day looks decent. Day 2 or 3 *might* look better if my hair feels like it I guess. Otherwise I get greasy and wispy, or frizzy and poofy.&&&I’m honestly thinking about it…but then I get a great curl day like once a week and am reinvigorated by my curls.&&&YIKES. I thought my last place was a frankenhouse…built in like 1900 (which I’m finding is fairly new in the Boston area) and had a stove hood over the washing machine in the basement. I’m told it was because most houses didn’t have a/c so they put a stove in the basement for baking during the summer. Being from the Midwest, that did not compute with me. Luckily back then I hadn’t embraced my curls yet and my hair was short bc no a/c in the summer is pretty much a guarantee that my hair would never dry. It would just transition from shower damp to sweaty damp.&&&I wish I could get away with that…&&&Mine hasn’t even reached my shoulders wet yet… 😰"
Livlaughthug,nzdonw,My day 3 curls are the best so all outings correspond with day 3.
MavisEnderby,nzdonw,"See, I have curly hair and I’ve never really understood this whole “wash day” thing because the only way for me to get my hair to do what I want is to take a shower. 

I don’t technically “wash” it because I haven’t actually used shampoo for, like… six years? But I either thoroughly wet it or use conditioner on it, and then I brush and style it while it’s wet and let it air-dry. In the summer, I dunk my head in the shower a couple/few times a day to get it sopping wet again. 

So I don’t get what people mean when they talk about wash days and how long it takes, and how they have to schedule it in! It takes me a few minutes in the shower and then another few minutes to brush it and that’s it."
MisforMisanthrope,nzdonw,"OMFG I feel seen!

LOL I think I'm on day 9 or 10 of the same bun because I'm not sleeping well and thus too tired to have a wash day."
Mistress_Cinder,nzdonw,100% Truth!!
No_Market7566,nzdonw,r/emaxlouise
Ok_Comment_7901,nzdonw,"Try to wash only 1 to 2 times a week, but it can be hard. Have to fight pulling it all back into a bun after I wash it!!"
PinkNGreenFluoride,nzdonw,"As an air-dryer, I feel this.  So much.    


I live in a 120 year old Frankenouse with decades of DIY alterations and additions, where I don't plug anything in in the bathroom.  When we moved in, the bathroom had a single, wreathed-out, slightly singed socket *in the ceiling*.  In our poorly ventilated bathroom.  What a horror show.  When we had a kitchen outlet fail and need replaced, I made a point to show it to the electrician.  Yeah, he was happy to remove that.  Air drying takes like 8 hours (and that's without using a gel), but in order to diffuse in this house I'd pretty much have to install a mirror in the kitchen, which seems silly."
Red7336,nzdonw,"This was a part of the reason I cut my hair short lol, I was like ""my hair has become the boss of me.. I must regain power!"""
RedLobster_Biscuit,nzdonw,A lot of us are the opposite– wash days look a mess! It takes a day or more before my volume reaches it's peak.
Seitanic_Hummusexual,nzdonw,"I usually wash my hair on Thursday nights, so it looks good for the weekend and for the rest of the week I don't care :D"
Smooth-brained-bicth,nzdonw,This is to relatable I hate it
SwirlingGalaxies,nzdonw,"It's so difficult whenever you get scheduled on your weekly washday and have to make that mental decision wether you can hold out a few more, or wash a day earlier and waste your day off. Just curly things 😌🌟👩🏻‍🦰"
Thorhees,nzdonw,"S A M E. I just got a gym membership again and I'm realizing juggling my shower/hair schedule with my workout and work schedule is actually very difficult. As an added bonus, I have a fresh healing tattoo on my back that makes showering even more of an ordeal for the time being."
WW76kh,nzdonw,"Especially when you know day 4 hair is when it looks it's best, and you want to squeeze in a few workouts to gets some sweat and grime in there. Pro-Tip: Never get too close to my hair to smell it. 😂"
androgynous_potato,nzdonw,Being on lockdown and working from home has been so freeing for this reason. I can just wash my hair whenever I like. If I ever have to go back to an office my entire hair routine will have to be reevaluated. Or maybe I’ll just embrace the crazy witch look.
bass_kritter,nzdonw,Omg this is a mood.
cappuccinokitten,nzdonw,and if you wash it too quick u gotta retrain it - so annoying
chan_jkv,nzdonw,SAME. I also usually do a mud mask or some sort of facial while I wait on the deep conditioning.
heckingdarn,nzdonw,this might be the most reposted meme on this sub lol
hi_im_kai101,nzdonw,i wash mine once a week :)
kgberton,nzdonw,I see this post a lot but it totally doesn't fit with my life at all. What happens to your guys' hair that takes significantly longer to deal with when you shampoo vs when you just condition? For me styling is the same.
kknight20,nzdonw,Oh god this is me. Like I want to do intense workouts everyday but I also don't have time to wash my hair everyday. UGH
lynbin,nzdonw,Too real... 😂
mantistobogganmMD,nzdonw,Me aligning my workout schedule with washing days
neon_dreaming,nzdonw,Wait I thought we weren’t supposed to be washing?!
seulauclairdelune,nzdonw,RELATABLE
sleepigrl,nzdonw,So much this! Especially now that it's summer.
spring_bred,nzdonw,"^ me contemplating if I’ll sleep less so that I can wash my hair in the morning. 

And deciding I’ll just go another day without washing my hair"
troglo-dyke,nzdonw,When you've got 2 dates in a row...guess I'll just have dull hair next week
ultimomono,nzdonw,"Tangential, but... I find deep conditioning removes my semi-permanent hair color.  Do you add some dye to the conditioner?"
v_jade,nzdonw,Gorgeous Loki
zeddyx0,nzdonw,Oh if this ain't just accurate!!
CurlyBot,nzdobt,"Hi! Gentle reminder: hair care routines are required for all photo posts, within 1 hour of posting. 

The bot is having hard time locating your routine! Please make sure you have a comment containing the word ""routine"" (and your actual routine, of course!) so your post can stay up!

FAQs:

* __I don't have a routine!__ If you wash your hair at all, that counts! Just let us know what you did for your hair.
* __I'm just asking for help!__ We're happy to help! This is much easier if we know what you are currently doing for your hair.
* __Included the info but the bot can't find it? Different situation? (E.g. asking about a product, etc.) [See here for more info.](https://www.reddit.com/r/curlyhair/wiki/routine-requirements)__

_This is a beta test! Please [message the mods](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fcurlyhair) if you have any issues._"
Soockamasook,nzdobt,I also want to know. Except that my hair are more straight than I am
abi533,nzdobt,any product recommendations for my hair? it always gets frizzy and tangles up so much especially after i sleep&&&&&&my routine is using this shea moisture hydrate # repair mask before washing. I then rinse that and use function of beauty shampoo and conditioner for wavy hair.
KindFuzzybee,nzdmyz,"Im so confused with my hair please help. Low porosity but better looking results with protein & Moisture making my hair frizzier?! (Check comments)&&&&&&Okay sorry this is going to be long. 
My hair is low perosity, wavy with a few curls. I've been working on my natural hair for a year now as before that i used to just brush it out everyday/twice a day. 

The firts picture is my hair on mostly moisturizing products. This is after a really good wash day. My hair is somehow frizzy but felt soft and healthy. 
Routine: - shea moisture wavy hair shampoo
- garnier mask (either moisture or nurishing)
- shea moisture moisture wavy hair conditioner (moisturizing)
- curl activation cream by shea moisture
Then i style with a curly gel with lots of water, denman brush and diffuse. 

I wasnt happy with my hair as it was very frizzy, it would loose its curls on the second day and the ends were very stringy. 

The second picture is my hair on protein products. I decided to try them out even with low porosity hair just to see what it gave but still encluded moisture products.
Routine:
- same shampoo (moisture)
- imbue curl restoring protein hair mask
- mix of shea moisture moisturzing wave conditons and shea moisture curly hair protein conditioner (ration 3/1)
- same styling & curl cream


I noticed my hair is a lot less frizzy and the curls actually last until my next wash day ( i even mamaged a whole week with them). However, my hair breaks super easily. I noticed when taking out silk scrunchies A LOT of hair comes out compared to normal. 

And now im just confused. I checked my hair porosity again today and its still low. Which explains the breakage but why do i get better results. I dont know what to do. I want my hair to look how it does in the second picture but hate how much its breaking. Any recommendations?"
SerialKnitter2222,nzdmyz,"Listen to your hair ☺️ If your hair responds to protein, then give it some protein.  Low porosity hair still needs protein.  Aphogee is great like the previous poster said.

Just an FYI your hair will feel like straw until you condition it.  Don’t freak out (I freaked out 😂)

I always follow a protein treatment with a deep moisturizing treatment to balance it out. YMMV"
SoAnon4thisslp,nzdmyz,"Hi—your wash routine looks like you are using a lot of heavy oils and butters, in my opinion, more suited to tight dry curls  than on your relatively fine hair with a lovely loose curl/ wave pattern.

These can build up and can cause “ frizz”.

I have a similar texture. 

I wash and condition OR use a hair mask, not both.

Any curl cream I use ( infrequently) doesn’t have very much, if any, oil or butters.

I’m a 2 gel gal: I use theOuidad advanced climate control ‘hard hold” it’s a liquid, it has great slip, and the ingredients make it a double-duty heat protectant and anti frizz. It’s really more of a medium to soft hold; I layer a true hard hold gel on top of that.

That hard-hold might not work for your hair length.

You might want to hold off on the Denman styling to reduce breakage. That’s a lot of mechanical stress on your hair, especially given how long it is.

If you want a real protein treatment, I use the Aphogee 2 -step.  The other protein masks can’t compare. 

You may not need protein; in your shoes I would clarify and then use much lighter products— moisturizers without lots of butter/oil, curI creams that use protein or polymers instead of oils as the ingredients that activate curls.

I have found that most of us with loose curls/waves just can’t get good results with routines and products that are great for tight curls. Those routines don’t give us tight healthy curls— for me, I ended up with a heavy, frizzy mess."
WeAreStarless,nzdmyz,">Low porosity but better looking results with protein

it seems you're under the impression that high porosity means your hair loves protein, and low porosity means your hair hates protein. that is not the case! it's a common, persistent myth, but porosity and protein are completely unrelated and exist independently of one another"
ScarilyCheerful,nzdgq6,I had really good luck with the Miss Jessie's Multicultural Curls cream.
concerneddogmom,nzdgq6,"if you could recommend only ONE styling product for 2C/3A low porosity hair, what would it be?&&&my shower and skin care routine is already long enough, and it’s too hot where I live to fuss around with my hair, so I’d love a quick and minimal routine. I’ve accepted my frizz and have actually come to like the look, but I’d like to embrace my volume and enhance my definition. outside of shampoo and conditioner, I’d really only like to use one styling product. what do you recommend?

- location: southern California
- curl type: 2C if I shower in the day and air dry, 3A if I shower at night and plop with a satin bonnet while I sleep or if I use cream and/or gel. also 2C in the under layers, 3A closer to the top of my head
- porosity: most likely low, but not 100% sure. water forms droplets on my hair, takes a long time to dry, and oil seems to just sit on top of my strands
- length: below my shoulder blades, close to mid-back
- oily/dry spectrum: mostly dry, roots are frizzy and don’t get oily quickly and lengths are dry 
- coarseness: medium
- density: medium but it feels like a lot
- wash day frequency: every 2-4 days, depending on if I was sweaty
- other: no dye or textural treatments
- preferred styling: no heat stylers, ideally no diffuser if I can help it (it’s just too hot where I live!), and only one styling product - I want it to take less than 15mins outside of the shower, not including dry time
- what I’ve tried: As I Am cowash did the job but didn’t give me much definition. used devacurl and liked the definition, but stopped after all the controversy. I really liked the briogeo curl charisma line and used the shampoo, conditioner, gel, AND cream before knowing that protein overload was a thing, whoops! now I’m using custom shampoo + conditioner from Prose (sulfate free, not silicone free) and am still working on a formula that I like. I also clarify every other week with ACV.

edited to add that I also completely understand that a minimal routine won’t necessarily provide perfect results. my expectations are sufficiently managed, don’t worry!"
LadylikeS,nzcebc,Woot woot!
pugsnpolkadots,nzcebc,"We have very similar hair types, but my hair is much shorter! I'm 2C/3A. I made a post recently that has my routine in the comments. :)"
pushupsforpasta,nzcebc,"Day 2 curls actually pulling through for once!&&&&&&Gotta take the small victories!&&&I’m still trying to figure out my hair type and what works best. I’m currently using the Pump Haircare (Australian brand) Curly Girl shampoo and conditioner, part my hair while it’s wet and then dry with a cotton t-shirt. After the shirt has absorbed a fair bit of the water I use the Pump Haircare define and repair cream and soft curl gel and just scrunch that in. If I have time I will let it completely air dry, if not will diffuse until mostly dry 😊&&&Ohhh I’ll have to check it out! Thanks 😄"
Itisadoggieworld,nzc3bu,"Anyone have tips for beating the Florida humidity?&&&Ever since I came back to Florida from New York my baby hairs get frizzy so much faster and it’s such a pain to throw a headband on it after 2 days. Any tips?&&&My routine:
Wash with Not Your Mother’s Royal Honey & Kalahari Desert shampoo
Condition with Kinky Curly Conditioner
Prayer hands and scrunch with Aussie Miracle Curls mousse
Flip the hair and air dry it, and when it dries add some Aussie Miracle Curls hair oil"
Plus-Dragonfruit5337,nzc3bu,"Look into Ouidad Advanced Climate Control Heat & Humidity line. I used that when I went out to Florida a few months ago and my curls stayed so good. It's a little on the pricy side, but can try the travel size to see if it works for your hair"
_uni_corn__,nzc0ao,"I have no idea what happened to my hair&&&Hello everyone! 

This is my first post so if I’m missing something or did something wrong please let me know.

Recently my hair has been shrinking an excessive amount. I know shrinkage is considered good however in my case I don’t think so. In fact I believe my shrinkage might be due to my hair being unusually dry and frizzy. I can add pictures if need be but for reference all through 2020 my hair when dried and “styled” was roughly shoulder length maybe slightly longer. Now after my hair has been dried and styled within an hour my hair shrinks to about chin length. 

In addition to the shrinkage, my hair gets very dry and frizzy the next day. I’ve always only washed my hair once a week and it’s rare for me to wash it more than once in a week. Last year my hair could last about 4-5 days before I had to put it up. Now I barely get a day before I have to put it up. 

While the wiki is helpful I don’t exactly know what to look for so any tips would help. 

Some more information that may or may not be useful. I don’t know my exact curl type. If I had to guess it’s about a 2c/3a. I’ve had this problem with my hair since approximately February/March. I use the sulfate-free Cantu Cleansing Cream Shampoo and it’s respective conditioner and the Kinky-Curly knot today leave-in conditioner. I’ve used these products for years and while I’ve tried others over the years I have not tried anything recently that would make my hair the way it currently is. I do use a satin bonnet to sleep in at night and always use a wet brush to brush my hair. I have not had a recent hair cut and actually haven’t been to a hair salon in at least 2 years (I lived in a remote place then COVID happened). 

I look forward to any advice and I’m sorry this is so long."
AffectionatePath96,nzbspi,Hot boy hair 😍
NotAPigeonInDisguise,nzbspi,"[retrying this lol] Finger Coils on my Boyfriend!&&&&&&Routine: 

moroccanoil’s hydrating shampoo/conditioner the last few washes; he hasn’t washed in a few days tho.

I wet his hair down with water and added Moroccanoil’s moroccanoil treatment for all hair types, then went in with Marc Anthony’s Curl Envy Curl Cream!"
call-my-name,nzbspi,Ooo! Love the coils!
driffson,nzbspi,Shiny!
swan4816,nzbspi,Oh... Lol&&&Shiny!!
Acemoney0015,nzblw8,Any luck?
err1100,nzblw8,"Recommendation for men's curly hair stylist in Seattle?&&&I have naturally curly hair but only recently have I actually let it grow out long enough to be curly. I want to keep it longer, but my current place doesn't really know how to keep it longer while also looking good and being manageable. 

Does anyone have a recommendation for a stylist or salon in Seattle that knows how to handle men's curly hair?&&&Alas, no. My hair is just shorter now 😛"
Dangerous-Panda-6613,nzb1ks,"High Porosity 2A/2B Lifeless Frizzy Hair Help!&&&I’ve read and read and read CG advice and I’m so lost. I switched to sulfate/paraben free shampoo and conditioner and my hair became less dry but it’s still frizzy. 

I use Shea Moisture Manuka Honey shampoo and conditioner twice per week. I rinse completely and use a small amount of Argan oil while wet. I braid for sleeping and try not to brush dry but I also hate shedding and knots. 

I usually just end up in a bun or a clip. 

Looking for advice on how to have shiny happy not dry hair. (It’s been dry my whole life, only time it isn’t is when I flat iron). 

I have photos but this is my first Reddit post so I haven’t figured it out yet! 

Thank you!!&&&I use the same one from Shea - manuka honey but they’re empty and I’m looking to switch it up. They were my first step away from Tresemme which I felt was killing my hair!!  I’m very new to this and want to be able to love my hair!!"
oversizedarmadillo,nzb1ks,"hey!! that shampoo is probably a little heavy, so it might be a little better if you used something like the curl and shine line from shea moisture (the orange one). it’s not as heavy so it won’t weigh your hair down or badly overwhelm it. what conditioner do you use? also, i have low porosity hair so i can’t really use oils because it just sits on top of my hair. what i do is use leave in conditioner (i love the blueberry bliss leave in conditioner!!) and sometimes a little gel but not usually. leave in conditioners just help my hair stay not frizzy and super hydrated, i also love a good curl cream to reduce the frizz. for me, i just have to make sure i have moisturizing products in my hair while it’s dry to keep it happy :)"
CurlyBot,nzahkp,"Hi! Gentle reminder: hair care routines are required for all photo posts, within 1 hour of posting. 

The bot is having hard time locating your routine! Please make sure you have a comment containing the word ""routine"" (and your actual routine, of course!) so your post can stay up.

[See here for how to fix this.](https://www.reddit.com/r/curlyhair/wiki/routine-requirements) Common problems: info included but the bot can't find it, I don't have a routine, this is a photo of someone/something else (not me), etc.

_This is a beta test! Please [message the mods](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fcurlyhair) if you have any issues._"
NotAPigeonInDisguise,nzahkp,Finger coils on my boyfriend!&&&&&&Products/routine: Marc Anthony’s Strictly Curls Curl Cream and Moroccanoil’s Moroccanoil Treatment for all hair types!
chan_jkv,nzahkp,Now that's love
Practical-Whole3040,nz9v8y,"TBH I don't really get invested into channels/influencers who don't have similar hair type as me, i.e. curly hair (even if they're a professional hair stylist like that guy)"
whirlwhind666,nz9v8y,What do you curlies think of this video/channel?&&&
WeAreStarless,nz9r33,"could be a sensitivity / allergy! i probably don't need to tell you this, but definitely stop using it"
alexanderswasi,nz9r33,"CANTU products side effects&&&Hi Fellow CH,

I was wondering if there's someone else who experienced Cantu Shea butter cowash side effects like constant headache and this doesn't go even after taking medication?

I am based in Australia, got Cantu cowash used it 3 times till now and everytime I use it, there's a constant headache after using it. First time it started of late evening of the wash day and and continues for a prolonged period.

Anyone else used it and experienced the same?

What other substitute you used for CANTU products?

TIA&&&Thanks, I was thinking same, could you suggest some other products similar to CANTU? It's just that this one has hydrated my hair like anything and from dry frizzy hair to more balanced."
