index,id,comments
cafeum,ss17on,"i’m a male and i cut the sides of my hair so my curls don’t hang off the sides like those tik tok kids. i still have curly hair covering my forehead that sits above my eyebrows though. it doesn’t look like those tik tok kids as much, but there’s only so much you can do. also, i cut my hair shorter so it doesn’t look like a mushroom or anything. if u have a big forehead i would rock the curls in the front imo. growing a light stubble or a beard will make you look older as well."
yeoxd09,ss17on,"Hairstyle ideas for me? (male)&&&So I'm kinda struggling right now, I have curly hair and a very big forehead.   
My concern rn is that I look wayyy too young with the typical curly hair covering my forehead (i guess similar to the tiktok kids).  
Pulling my hair back makes me look more of my age but at the same time my forehead looks too big.   
Any curly hair ideas for men that make you look older?&&&How many inches long is your hair in the front? (forehead)"
agnosticians,ss0r9w,"Why are the best days the ones I’m inside all day?&&&&&&Routine:
Cheap clarifying shampoo about once a week, usually after I get back from a hiking trip (right now it’s the suave). Condition/cowash with mane and tail conditioner. Today, I plopped in a beanie for a while, and then let air dry."
thorifonly333,ss0r9w,Yep. And the days when you manage to get things right and are going out ….  It’s raining and there’s a bloody hurricane blowing through!
CurlyBot,ss0bny,"Hi! Gentle reminder: hair care routines are required for all photo posts within 1 hour of posting. 

The bot is having hard time locating your routine! Please make sure you have a comment containing the word ""routine"" (and your actual routine, of course!) so your post can stay up!

FAQs:

* __I don't have a routine!__ If you wash your hair at all, that counts! Just let us know what you did for your hair.
* __I'm just asking for help!__ We're happy to help! This is much easier if we know what you are currently doing for your hair.
* __Included the info but the bot can't find it? Different situation? (E.g. asking about a product, etc.) [See here for more info.](https://www.reddit.com/r/curlyhair/wiki/routine-requirements)__

_Still have questions after [reading the FAQ](https://www.reddit.com/r/curlyhair/wiki/routine-requirements)? Please [message the mods](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fcurlyhair) if you have any issues._"
Wide-Accountant1955,ss0bny,"Help/advice&&&&&&The front part of my hair is fine it coils up with just water but the back of my head has been a problem. Has anybody had this problem? I would really use the help it looks bad in my opinion.&&&I currently use deep conditioner and leave in conditioner, curl enhancer, and have use the aphogee two step treatment. I’m looking for help to have my curl pattern better than what it is now"
Accomplished-Mango89,srzd1f,Your hair is stunning!!
Accomplished_Glass66,srzd1f,"Literally unicorns. You must be so rare.

In my country ppl always joke that they ve never seen a curly haired asian 😂😂😂.&&&Damn asian hair always be so gorgeous regardless of type."
AgentOrange26,srzd1f,I think im looking at a unicorn
AlbatrossRealistic47,srzd1f,Yup...
AlyRamo,srzd1f,My youngest is half Asian and has the curliest hair!
ArtisanGerard,srzd1f,"Yes and got my hair done while in Japan, they were very confused about why I didn’t want my hair blow dried with a roll brush"
Bibbityboo,srzd1f,Your hair is breathtakingly beautiful.
Blergsprokopc,srzd1f,Oohh you're so pretty!
BlueJune101,srzd1f,Wow your hair is gorgeous!!!
BroadBaker5101,srzd1f,"Yes girrll! You’re so pretty and your hair is beautiful. It’s giving me early seasons Cristina Yang vibes, she always had bad bitch energy, being hot, being smart and she did all that while embracing her curls and being confident. I was probably too young to be watching the early greys seasons when they came out but seeing Sandra Oh and her curls has been a motivation for me to get mine looking healthy since I got back into the show in high school."
Bxsnia,srzd1f,"Same, I leave it tied up 24 7 with a satin scrunchie. I know it looks nicer out but I just can't deal with it on a daily basis."
Careful_Cherry4216,srzd1f,You just made me fall in love with asians with wavy/curly hair
CriticalTiefling,srzd1f,"yes, but i came from SEA so....it's common to have them anyway"
CryExotic3558,srzd1f,You have beautiful curls 😊
CurlyAlt,srzd1f,ASIAN CURLIES/WAVIES ASSEMBLE
DarnToughHedgehog,srzd1f,"Didn't start out this way, but after I shaved my head, my hair grew in curly!"
Deviledcurls,srzd1f,Gorgeous curls 🤩
Eimai145,srzd1f,Your hair is gorgeous! I wish I could get my waves that voluminous.
ExplanationKey3587,srzd1f,Yeah but I’m the opposite type of Asian
FancyWear,srzd1f,Beautiful!
Fancy_Data_7681,srzd1f,"yup, wavy asian too! what’s your routine?

edit: a wavy korean anxiously awaiting your routine. your hair is an inspiration."
FarEstablishment9149,srzd1f,"If I could like this more, I would. What type of layers do you have? Do you have a texture/curl change anywhere?"
Feeya_b,srzd1f,Ugh! I wish my hair would cooperate like yours it’s either definition of frizz
FlightyFaerieHeart,srzd1f,Wow I have a similar texture and aspire to this length. Beautiful!
Glam-diva,srzd1f,Wavy Asian here too! :)
Hamano_Kazuma_,srzd1f,"Hey me me , my hair don't have curls but they are wavy , I shampoo thrice a week , condition it , sometimes use an oils like almond ,Vit E , Coconut etc etc"
Haunting-Tangerine63,srzd1f,"Any other curly/wavy hair Asian here?&&&&&&Hi. Thank you everyone who commented on my post.
I'm happy to know that there are other Asians with
curly hair out there!!! I'm Vietnamese (my whole
family has super straight hair)🥲 I was not nice to
my hair at all, coloring and bleaching constantly. In
this picture I just gave myself a unicorn cut at home,
cut the dry, colored ends off. For those who want to
know my routine, after washing my hair:
leave in conditioner (Aveda leave in cherry almond
softening leave in conditioner)
• curl cream (Aveda curl enhancer)
• a gel (whatever you like)
• high heat blow drying.
apply an oil I like to use Aveda products, but you
can use what ever brand work for your hair, just
make sure to use lightweight products, shoulder
length and layers for volume.&&&Lightweight products, shoulder length and layers!!&&&I’ve never meet any other asian with curly hair 😭&&&Thank you!!&&&Same with me. I’m 100% Vietnamese and i’m the one curly haired one in family&&&I just have myself a unicorn cut at home (you can find it on YouTube).&&&I’m Vietnamese but I haven’t met any other Vietnamese with curly hair 🤔&&&Me too!!&&&I’m from Vietnam&&&I feel you!! I have different patterns of curls too!!&&&I only brush my hair in the shower and that’s it&&&Hah, when I was little, people told my mom that if she shave my head, it may grow back straight. Glad she didn’t lol&&&Hi. Thank you everyone who commented on my post. I’m happy to know that there are other Asians with curly hair out there!!! I’m Vietnamese (my whole family has super straight hair) 🥲 I was not nice to my hair at all, coloring and bleaching constantly. In this picture I just gave myself a unicorn cut at home, cut the dry, colored ends off. For those who want to know my routine, after washing my hair: 
- leave in conditioner (Aveda leave in cherry almond softening leave in conditioner)
- curl cream (Aveda curl enhancer)
- a gel ( whatever you like)
- high heat blow drying. 
- apply an oil
I like to use Aveda products, but you can use what ever brand work for your hair, just make sure to use lightweight products, shoulder length and layers for volume."
Intelligent_Goat_684,srzd1f,Yup! I’m south Asian with similar hair!!
Karaholic,srzd1f,Reppin'! Love your hair!
KarmaPharmacy,srzd1f,OP is a unicorn!!
LividKiwi,srzd1f,im 100% Chinese and my hair is EXACTLY the same as yours!! i feel so seen 😭
Makeupanopinion,srzd1f,Indian Asian here! I wish I had your volume and consistency!!
MedicalMonth3,srzd1f,"I am so jealous, your curls are amazingly beautiful! And so are you!"
MiniLaura,srzd1f,Newly wavy East Asian! My hair texture changed a couple of years ago.
Most_Bitter_Sugar,srzd1f,Mine is very wavy and fluffy.✨
Mysterious_Egg_140,srzd1f,I love your hair
Ok_Reference2122,srzd1f,Your curls are top tier
PadThaiFighters,srzd1f,Wavy Filipino here!!!
Penny_from_heaven,srzd1f,Your hair is beautiful !
PigeonOfLove,srzd1f,You look stunning!
Pretty_Unlucky,srzd1f,Yooooooooo where my curly-haired Asians at? Being raised in Thailand basically a humid tropical jungle and having crazy curls like yours was a NIGHTMARE!
Psychological-Eye729,srzd1f,Ok technically speaking Israel is a part of asia so yes I'm here
RegularNightlyWraith,srzd1f,I'm of South Asian descent if that helps
RudeBeautiful5415,srzd1f,"It makes me so happy to see communities for Asians/mixed Asians with curly hair. I am white, black, and Asian and it frustrates me when people think only black people have curly hair. I wish the world could see all the curlies of all ethnicities from different countries."
Sudden-Worker-9807,srzd1f,"Me! People always assume I'm mixed because I have curly 3b hair, but I am 100% Asian. Born and raised in the Philippines 😁"
SueSheMeow,srzd1f,"Not Asian, but your hair is the closest appearance to mine that I’ve ever seen!"
SunshineSB,srzd1f,"I’m of not help, but I’m here to commiserate. I have a decently physical job where I also wear a walkie on my shoulder. Any time I think about leaving my hair down, it gets all caught in the walkie and always goes in my face. So I normally wear it in a ponytail; I have a ton of breakage at the length of where I gather my ponytail."
THECORLORLESSPIG,srzd1f,Heyy I'm a curly asian lol
TheToroReddit,srzd1f,Hair looks like its gonna float away! Gorgeous!
TriGurl,srzd1f,Wow I don’t see many Asians with curly hair! It’s gorgeous!! :)
VigilAunty1930,srzd1f,Yes.. Asian with curly hair.
Vivien_Rockwell,srzd1f,Damn I'm in love
Weak_Comfortable3134,srzd1f,Your hair is beautiful. And you are absolutely stunning!
YaraTouin,srzd1f,"Not a curly-haired Asian myself (wavy-haired white person instead), but I did want to say that your hair reminded me of [Kim Soobin](https://now.naver.com/s/myteenagegirl/student/1?name=%EA%B9%80%EC%88%98%EB%B9%88)! You look great!"
alligator124,srzd1f,"The fights my mom and I would have over the hairbrush, oh my goodness 😄

Turns out though, she's a wavy-haired person too! She just always thought it was ""puffy"". My dad has curly hair so I figured I got it from him, but nope, definitely both! I'm gently trying to get her to embrace it because all the straightening treatments and heat are starting to be pretty damaging, but I think she's still struggling to separate volume/friendly frizz equating to ""bad"". I won't push it if she's not ready."
an_frogge,srzd1f,Girllll drop the routine please bc your hair is amazing and so so so pretty!
angelnara,srzd1f,You’re soooo beautiful! ❤️❤️❤️
anon_172,srzd1f,"I'm not, but just wanted to say I love your hair!"
apandagirl1999,srzd1f,"I’m am also a wavy/curly Southern Chinese (both sides are Guangdong province ancestry) as well. You are definitely not alone. My mom, brother and other people in my family have a wavy/curly hair type as well. I am always learning and adapting my routine so learning about yours will be interesting to hear about"
badhairyay,srzd1f,Sandra Oh got me loving my curls again too!
beanqueen102,srzd1f,Yep me lol…Indian here hi 👋
breathingnitrogen,srzd1f,"I absolutely relate. And add to this struggle- it's harder to find products for curly hair in most Asian countries, and what we can find tends to be on the more expensive side. There are no professional salons for curly hair either 😭"
brodyisapuppy,srzd1f,"Yes!!! Here too. Love your curls, gorg 😍"
bulgingcortex,srzd1f,Yes! I’m half Korean and have very curly hair like yours!
cheeseburgeraddict,srzd1f,Damn that flow is fierce
chick-ah-deee,srzd1f,"I too am a wavy haired Asian! Actually,come to think of it I’m the only wavy haired member of my entire family right now! And my grandfather(mum’s side) and father always argue about which side of their family did I get my wavy hair from. Every time I go to any salon here in the Ph. Though every single stylists ALWAYS ask if I want my hair straightened like it’s getting frustrating. I always tell them no because I love my waves."
concreteghost,srzd1f,"Christ. Bombshell. Do you ever comb your hair? I’ve been seeing ppl that just use their fingers. I going to give up combing, started today"
depressoespresso17,srzd1f,"yes! drop the routine though, your hair is gorgeous"
elrond8,srzd1f,Ignorant guy with similar hair type and length. I haven’t been able to function when I leave it open. Hair always obstructs face and vision. How do you people get any work done? Have resorted to being in a permanent man bun 😔
fradlo,srzd1f,🙋🏽‍♀️
g0regeousxo,srzd1f,"Same here, and wavy too ;o ❤️❤️"
gabygiggle,srzd1f,so so pretty!!
genovianpearfarmer,srzd1f,"Fellow half Asian here and YES! It's honestly the biggest area of bicultural/biracial/whathaveyou miscommunication between my mom and I. I grew up with no clue about curly/wavy hair care and my mom always commented on how poofy my (brushed-out) hair was. But she has zero appreciation for my new lifestyle of not brushing my hair, even though I try to convince her that brushing was the source of the poofiness.

I've tried explaining CGM multiple times and her response is, ""if you want curly hair why don't you just put it in curlers?"" (Ironically, she's a woman of the 80s so she and her friends spent YEARS with their own hair permed to high heaven. So I guess I can't blame her for going straight to the curling iron lol.)"
gesunheit,srzd1f,Do I count if I'm half Asian? I feel like Asian curly girls go through a special struggle because our pin-straight haired moms try to teach us their routines lmao
hellobee,srzd1f,Curly East Asian here! Both my mom and my grandma have curly hair as well.
ichorhearted,srzd1f,Wavy/Curly Vietnamese (and Chinese) girl here! Both my sisters and mom have pin straight hair but my dad (my Viet side) and I have very coarse wavy hair. I always thought my hair was just hella frizzy and poofy because the curls don’t start right at the root. I figured out it was wavy a year or two before but we realized my dad had wavy/curly hair during covid quarantine when he grew his hair out
imnosey123,srzd1f," Me, super pretty waves underneath, but flat and blah on top."
jasminea12,srzd1f,Your hair is AMAZING
joshhmusic,srzd1f,Same here! Gorgeous hair!
jubjub9876a,srzd1f,You have some of the most beautiful curls I've ever seen. I love the volume
junjoonie,srzd1f,such pretty curls! i’m a curly hair filipino who is trying to revive his curls
kal021,srzd1f,Me! Although my waves are nowhere near as voluminous as yours 😬
khajiithassweetroll,srzd1f,"My curly hair comes from my white mother, but she never wears her hair curly and all my asian relatives kept telling me how unkempt and messy my hair was when I first started wearing it curly 😭"
kozmic_blues,srzd1f,"Haha I am also a Korean with crazy wavy/curly hair.&&&Yes!! I’m half Korean/ half white. I always say I was cursed with my hair because it is so incredibly unmanageable. It is very wavy/curly and VERY COURSE/THICK. Like one of my strands of hair is the equivalent of 3 or 4 normal strands put together.&&&Half Korean wavy here! My hair is so unmanageable I’ve considered multiple times to cut it all off and start wearing lace front wigs. My mom is a hairstylist, and my hair is very difficult to work with. I can literally use heat tools designed for black hair and it still won’t straighten it. The course/curly combo struggle is REAL. 

How did you get your hair to look like this! It’s beautiful"
ktal_koala,srzd1f,I’m also a curly haired Asian!
lindarosenthal,srzd1f,Beautiful!
lizzybeth08,srzd1f,Absolutely stunning hair!
loulori,srzd1f,Your hair is gorgeous!
masculineweeb,srzd1f,curly haired asian here! and the only one in my family too :'D
mchew_,srzd1f,Asian with curly/wavy hair here
mistresssparklemagic,srzd1f,GORGEOUS
nemicolopterus,srzd1f,"Hi! Your post has been temporarily removed because you have not included your hair care routine. We require this for all photo posts, even if the photo is not of yourself. Please reply to this comment with more info and we can reapprove it for you!

Here’s what we mean by “routine”:

- Which shampoo, cowash and/or conditioner you used
- Any other products (your gel, mousse, etc.), their brand/name, & how you applied them
- How you dried your hair (air dried? diffused? etc.)
- Anything else that’s helpful to know!

We require this because it helps keep r/curlyhair focused on learning & helping each other instead of just selfies.

Thank you!"
nopracticenochill,srzd1f,Same here! What's your routine?
popaulina,srzd1f,"tbh I’m not Asian and my mom has wavy/curly hair but she really had no idea how to care for it properly and brushed the shit out of my hair every day anyway, boomers/gen X just had no idea how to care for curly hair whether they had it or not"
resisjk,srzd1f,Wavy here it was a pain bc my mom would always get me straight perms.&&&If its not like a physically intensive job maybe a satin lined head band? or spiral/satin scrunchies. If a headband won't stay I suggest looking for adjustable ones you can tighten just enough.
rolypolyarmadillo,srzd1f,"I'm white but my mom has fine hair and she's had a pixie cut since I was about 7. Her 'routine' is her being like ""I use this shampoo for gray hair and whatever conditioner I have on hand"" lmao. I taught myself how to deal with my curls because she had no idea what to do when I inherited my grandma and great grandma's curls. She actually got her own bottle of Shea moisture hibiscus and coconut conditioner after I started using it because she likes how soft it makes her hair."
roseDragon234,srzd1f,GORGEOUS
rushersharon,srzd1f,"I'm a wavy hair Asian! I can't get my waves to be consistent, though 😢 Only half straight and half wavy"
satineli,srzd1f,Me too! I’m Chinese and I have curls just like you 😍. You’re beautiful
shelbanana,srzd1f,"not me, but you are gorgeous!!"
sitsherepatiently,srzd1f,Curly haired Asian here! Your hair looks pretty!
smokylimbs,srzd1f,"Stunning princess hair, like whoa. You are so so so pretty."
spankcheeks,srzd1f,That's a gorgeous mane omg
suhani96,srzd1f,South Asian curly haired girl here! Your hair is gorgeous! Please drop your routine
sunflowerkoiboi,srzd1f,"Just got my hair to this level of curl, love it!"
thegreciangirl,srzd1f,You’re adorable!!! Is it okay to ask where from Asia you’re from? It’s a big continent!
theoneguywhoaskswhy,srzd1f,"LMAO same, but most of them are soft wavy types here. I’m one of the curlier ones tho.&&&Southeast asian male, similar curl type too!"
tundybundo,srzd1f,Your hair just changed my life
ubelatte,srzd1f,Here!! Curlz for dayz!
ursacrucible,srzd1f,Meee half-Filipina!
violetviolin10,srzd1f,"I'm Asian and my hair looks exactly like this (on one of the rare good days that is😂) I rarely see others who look like me, love to see it! please drop the curl routine"
weezimo,srzd1f,Wow. How do you get all that volume??
werewarbler,srzd1f,Your hair is gorgeous!
wrathgod,srzd1f,"Me and my mom, tho i'm a male. Wish i had curls as nice as yours, still learning how to take care of my hair. Have to say it's rare to see asian girls rocking curls like that around here, usually they don't know how to style curly hair, so ends up with smoothing treatment to avoid being ridiculed by peers."
writenicely,srzd1f,"\*Raising hand\* yep, curly asian- Indian in fact!"
yeshpleez,srzd1f,"Your hair is glorious! I would kill to have your hair, holy freaking amazing!"
yvesnings,srzd1f,Asian with curly hair as well (:
Busy_Huckleberry_134,srz813,"New to curly/wavy haircare, would love some routine help!&&&&&&Thank you so much🥰&&&Hey all! I’m new to Reddit haha so please bear with me, but I’m 17 and recently figured out that I have wavy/curly hair and have been trying to figure out how to care for it. 

I wash my hair every other day/every two days
-Wash with Head and Shoulders (I have scalp psoriasis and my derm told me to use it)
-Condition with Shea Moisture Raw Shea Butter Restorative Conditioner

After showering, I comb and then apply the following while wet by raking through and scrunching:
-Shea Moisture Coconut and Hibiscus Curl Enhancing Smoothie
-Curls Blueberry Bliss Curl Control Jelly

Then I diffuse my hair (I don’t really have my diffusing technique down yet haha but I’m working on it!) to about 85% dry and then air dry the rest. I shower at night bcs I’m a student and my school starts early, and I wrap my hair in a satin scarf before bed. 

When my hair is diffused and mostly dry, I really love the way my waves/curls look and how defined they are. When I wake up, though, it’s lost most of its curl and then as the day progresses my hair straightens out until it’s pretty much just voluminous and straight and I put it up because I’m tired of looking at it. My roots also tend to look greasy and gross even the morning after wash day and have very little volume. Overall, my hair feels pretty dry and coarse. I’d love some help with my routine/tips on how to get it more moisturized + healthy and to better hold a curl. Any help would be much appreciated! Thanks :)"
Floor_number13,srz813, In the same boat as you. Just wanted to say your hair color is very pretty. 😊
DiaPanquecito,srz72j,"I tried 2 new things today&&&&&&Soooo,I tried 2 new things in my routine today! (also,I fluffed my hair for this picture, it has volume but not as much)

I washed my hair with my always now, the head and shoulders with caffeine and the girls with curls conditioner.

For styling I used the 2 new products, the Cantu curl activator and the behairful brush; I thought it would look different, but honestly it probably was my ""first time user error"" (I normally use the girls with curls cream, or the argan oil herbal essences, and of course the denman brush)

Cantu cream: I'm amazed of how it activates! I used it with really wet hair (because it has a lot of oils and my hair is medium/low porosity, so I normally damp style), also I think I used way to much (because my hair was really wet). I feel it a bit weighed down, but like I said, I think I used way to much. I need to try it with damp hair, and want to try it with the denman, and other time just scrunching.

Behairful brush: I sectioned my hair in top and bottom, upright styling and brushing from below and away. I don't have that much hair (my hair strands are thick, that's why I don't look bald), and this brush creates more tension than my d3 with full rows...alsoI tried it first without any product first,and it did clumped my hair way more than the denman. I want to try it with my everyday creams to see what it does (specially with the girls with curls, because I feel that my hair outgrew that cream)

Lastly, I used the girls with curls gelee and dry it with a diffuser...I want to try the cantu cream by itself and airdrying to see how it works&&&If you're talking about thr chart, I don't know. I don't type my hair becase I feel that is wavy and curly and that the typing chart doesn't give me any useful info (I usually say that my hair is between tight waves and loose curls). In the characteristics, my hair is medium density, but my strands are thick (and it's why it looks full), and is medium to low porosity"
Kid_Killa123,srz72j,What hair type is that just wondering
Ok-Chemical-7635,srz72j,Damn at first i thought she was a painting
Page300and904,srz72j,"Your hair is just beautiful!

You are gorgeous -- the outfit is cute, the black lipstick is stellar. 

Your eyes are like pools of chocolate!"
RaccoonMoshpit,srz72j,"Ay mi dios.

Eres bellísima! Creo que estoy enamorado 😂😂

Keep it up! Your hair looks amazing and really healthy"
Strange_Wallaby,srz72j,My dream hair.... It's so beautiful
Vin0to,srz72j,"The Cantu cream is amazing, still the best curl cream I have found even over the expensive ones."
lifeontheledge,srz72j,It looks beautiful! So are you!!! Very nice 👌👌👌
moffsoi,srz72j,Wow those curls! Saved this photo to give to my hairstylist 😅
spaghettinik,srz72j,It’s working
ADogNamedPen239,srytdv,"Mine takes all day and it’s an endless source of frustration for me. Part of that is because I’m disabled though, it takes me longer to do some things than it does other people. I shower in the morning, apply products and microplop, then I have to rest for a bit because just that takes a lot out of me. Next I start diffusing, but my hair is REALLY thick so even with my dyson it takes a while and I usually don’t have the energy to do it completely. So I’ll get it as far as I can and then spend the rest of the day air drying it, and end up SOTC around 6 or 7. So I get to enjoy about 3-4 hours of my washday glory. I hate that I can’t have washday hair on the same day I see people besides my husband, but such is life. I settle for day 2 refresh hair being my standard look, and that’s ok! It’s better than exhausting myself and being in agonizing pain trying to rush my routine to go out to do something after the whole process"
SpudsMcStingie,srytdv,"How long does your curly hair routine take? Morning or night routine?&&&As with many of the curl routines here, it is mentioned that you let your hair dry completely before scrunch the crunch. How long does this process take? Do you do it in the morning or the evening? My hair takes literally hours to dry. I can't imagine getting up early enough to make it happen as I already get up at 5am. And not sure how I'd do it at night seeing that I'm a morning shower person and have no desire to shower twice a day just so I can do my hair.&&&I'm the opposite. I find skipping even one day of washing my hair to be the worst. Its super uncomfortable for me, so I wash my hair everyday day. After the was I put in curl cream and put it up in a tshirt towel wrap. It will stay in the wrap from the next 25-30mins while I get dressed and make breakfast before heading to work. As I'm walking out I take the wrap off and then simply hope for the best.  I'd love to try the gel process, but can't imagine fitting it into my schedule with how time consuming it seems.&&&I've tried the route of defusing, but it causes issues with my neck and back and even after 30-40 minutes its still not dry. And being one that washes my hair daily, even your process wouldn't work for me unfortunately. I've never really gotten to try gel as an option for this reason. I've been a cream user for years and have just given up on going to work without have wet hair. Curly hair is a process for sure."
gg135,srytdv,"I usually only style my hair on weekends. my hair down just bothers me while I’m doing my work and I’ll end up putting it halfup for most of the week, and by the weekend when I have something to do I’ll want to wash it again. now I just part it in the middle and slick it back to a bun and that is so much easier (another plus to this is that my products last longer)"
kateyes67,srytdv,I only wash my hair once a week and it's always when I'm off work. So on work days I only need to touch it up.
sugarpenchant,srytdv,"I try to save hair wash day for a day off or day working from home, but if I can’t swing it then I wash the night before and go to bed with wet hair and regret everything by morning lmao a good refresh in the morning can take 5-20 minutes depending on how much needs to be done and how much I care about it. Experiment with refresh options and see what works best coz the idea of doing full wash day routine every day makes me want to shave my head bald"
solaris_leo,sryr0p,How can I get my hair more like Brian? I don't know whether I have the right curl pattern for this hairstyle&&&
ImTalented1,sryqu6,Does anyone know what my curl pattern is?&&&
Original-Trust-1665,sry9w0,You can get sating lined veanies now. Might be comfier than doubling up?
constantrem,sry9w0,"I began wearing satin night caps instead of my usual bun to reduce hair breakage during sleep- my 'baby' hairs are getting long now! Been about 2 months.&&&&&&Routine. It is very basic and I am trying to cut down on breakage/split ends. Cut off a few inches to get healthy ends and I am trying to keep my hair as split end free as possible in order to grow it longer. 

2in1 aussie moist shampoo/conditioner. Not every shower.

SHOWER FILTER FOR VERY HARD WATER

Leave in aussie conditioner after shower that I do not rinse

B&B super gro extra strength coconut oil hair balm stuff before bed and when wet (a fingertip-full is the perfect amount for my hair)

Typically air dry it in a braid or ponytail with a satin hair tie (do not like wet hair touching me and I prefer to wear my hair up out of my face anyway)

Sleep with a satin nightcap low on my forehead and nape of my neck with a beanie on to help keep it on my head. I have breakage around my face and edges of my hair, as well as a ring of breakage from ponytails with regular ties. I now tie my hair in a bun/braid with no hair tie or satin hair tie.

The satin stuff I am using is probably not true satin as it was sorta cheap off Amazon just to try out but I LOVE the difference in my hair enough that I am going to shell out for a higher quality set of caps and ties from real satin or silk. Sanitize them pretty regularly due to just straight hygeine/acne since I want it on my forehead. Not really sure how to care for them honestly-need to look it up. Right now every so often I soak in hot water/oxiclean and run em with just hot water in a short cycle in my washer and air dry them. Also a 30 dollar shower filter has absolutely been worth every cent for my hair texture and dry skin. I have crazy hard water. Should have done this months ago. Been doing this entire routine about 2 months total.&&&Good to know, haha"
Psychological_Bad175,sry5c4,"How do I keep my hair from getting messed up while the day goes on?&&&My hair is to my shoulder blades and I’m pretty sure is 2C. It always looks great the night I do it and then looks slightly worse when I wake up. I always put my hair up into a pineapple before bed. Later on in the day my hair always loses its volume and becomes extremely undefined. Is there a way I can prevent this and make my hair hold my curls better throughout the day?

(All the products I use are from ouidad) My routine is:

1. Shampoo and conditioner
2. Put my head down and  Rake leave in conditioner through soaking wet hair
3. Scrunch it in a lot of times
4. With my hair still down over my face, scrunch in gel 
5. Put hair back into place and scrunch some more 
6. Put clips in the front strands of my hair to prevent weird shape
7. Let air dry"
JestersDead77,sry4pt,"I normally give my hair one last pass with the de-tangling comb after product goes in, then part it and scrunch. I think as long as the comb is gliding through your hair with no resistance, you don't have to worry about breaking strands, etc."
Seagulls_having_anal,sry4pt,"Can I use a wet brush/wide tooth comb in my hair after I apply products to it, or should I only do it when it’s soaking wet/with conditioner with it?&&&"
HonestlyRespectful,sry1pt,So much potential.... have you tried any techniques/methods to get it hydrated and curlier?
thatburritodood,sry1pt,"Here’s a random photo of my naturally curly hair 👩🏼‍🦱&&&&&&When I took this photo some parts of it were still drying it wasn’t too awfully long after I washed it haha. But sometimes I use mousse and stuff, I also have since trimmed my hair a little bit (this photo is from like a week ago at least)"
JChookah,srxy4z,Curly hairdresser in DC recommendations?&&&
AdventurousDoubt1115,srxpof,Yes! Same!!
IHiThanks,srxpof,"Agree. Dry, fine curly hair is tough. She's one of the only ones I can think of with my texture."
Toxicologie,srxpof,"Julia Garner / fine curly hair appreciation post&&&&&&Julia Garner is the first celebrity I’ve ever been able to identify with when it comes to hair. Every now and then I see another girl with fine, super soft, tight curls like me, but I feel it happens so rarely! It’s nice to see her rocking her natural texture, as hair like ours can’t often work with extensions."
WielkaSkwarka,srxpof,My borther has those and it makes me unimaginably jelous
postmoderngeisha,srxpof,My absolute girl-crush right now.
rbkc12345,srxpof,"Mine is opposite (wiry and dark) and I think she has the curls of an angel.  So lovely and often really natural looking hair in her acting, not overly styled."
CurlyBot,srxonz,"Hi! Gentle reminder: hair care routines are required for all photo posts within 1 hour of posting. 

The bot is having hard time locating your routine! Please make sure you have a comment containing the word ""routine"" (and your actual routine, of course!) so your post can stay up.

[See here for how to fix this.](https://www.reddit.com/r/curlyhair/wiki/routine-requirements) Common problems: info included but the bot can't find it, I don't have a routine, this is a photo of someone/something else (not me), etc.

_Still have questions after [reading the FAQ](https://www.reddit.com/r/curlyhair/wiki/routine-requirements)? Please [message the mods](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fcurlyhair) if you have any issues._"
RedRumples,srxonz,You might be part mermaid.
verbl17,srxonz,First time letting my natural wave free in years. Last pic is how I usually style it.&&&&&&Aww thank you 😊&&&Routine: wash with dove colour care shampoo & conditioner. Squeeze out a bit of water then apply a dime sized amount of conditioner. Apply two handfuls of tresemme extra hold mouse then plot with a tshirt for two hours then let air dry. I’m open to any feedback or suggestions as I’m super new to this! Thanks :)
AmoraLynn,srx4ic,"If you're this stressed out it seems like a reset cut might be just what you need! Either a pixie or just straight shaving it off to get rid of everything and start new. If you end up hating how you look with short hair, you could wear fun wigs while it grows out and you relearn how to handle it. Wishing you lots of luck!!&&&If you're this stressed out it seems like a reset cut might be just what you need! Either a pixie or just straight shaving it off to get rid of everything and start new. If you end up hating how you look with short hair, you could wear fun wigs while it grows out and you relearn how to handle it. Wishing you lots of luck!!"
BleakHibiscus,srx4ic,"I feel you girl! My hair is like this at the back of my head only…the front looks fabulous after wash day but the back? Rat nest. Frizzy, undefined. WHY?! And I use the SAME products and half my hair looks amazing and half looks like a limp noodle"
Born_Ad_4826,srx4ic,"Human to human, I say- try cutting it!
Less hair = less work less product less styling.
(It also means less weight so you might get more volume but probably less frizz?)

Your hair looks like mine and my curls LOVE a good cut. They bounce when some of that extra weight & hair is removed.

So if you have a curly hairdresser you like, I say GO FOR IT."
Bubbly_Tackle_5768,srx4ic,Noon! Don't cut it all off! It's beautiful you just need to learn to tame it!!!
FlightyFaerieHeart,srx4ic,Do what makes you happy. Though I personally love big wild curly hair.
HonestlyRespectful,srx4ic,"I think it's beautiful. Going shorter will make it even bigger. I think you're being too hard on yourself. It looks good to me. Have you tried paring back? Clarify, then deep condition. Then a gel or mousse. That's it. See how that goes. Usually when people are having issues, just going back to basics will help."
K_Wrenn,srx4ic,"I love your hair the way it is, but if you want less frizz, maybe try cutting out products with glycerin, especially if you live somewhere humid. That makes a huge difference for me."
Lolipopgurrl,srx4ic,Have you tried deep conditioning with a heat cap on?
LosNava,srx4ic,It’s gorgeous. And I feel like there is a treasure of curls if given the right treatment. Are there any reputable curly stylists in your city?
Lweinberd,srx4ic,I second this! That cut would look amazing on you
Melodic-Painting-593,srx4ic,"I know you hate your hair rn and you want it to be different because of whatever reason, but this is some of the most beautiful hair I've ever seen."
O2B2gether,srx4ic,"Reading your post I can feel that you’re really not enjoying your hair at this stage and it sounds like you’ve tried most things.  It’s natural to get weary if you feel like you aren’t getting the results. 
I’ve gone from almost waist level to about 3 inches above my bra strap then to layers at shoulder length my shortest sprung up from lip level to an unplanned fringe. (Three different hairdressers at three saIons) can’t say I love it yet, it’s still settling from curl shock, this last hairdresser is not curl girl trained but has lovely curls. Sometimes a drastic cut is just refreshing.  If that’s what you’re feeling go for it!!!"
PinkSnowflakeFuzz,srx4ic,"I CANNOT EFFING HANDLE MY HAIR!!!!!!! I WANT TO LOP IT OFF&&&&&&I live in an arid place, California&&&Tried, didn’t work. It ended up just hardening the frizz and making it stringy. I also tried bowl method, which didn’t work either.&&&For three years. Three. Years. Of hellish experimentation after chemical straightening, trying to rejuvenate my curls. A den man brush, curling cream, diffuser, and curly cut later, my curls are still frizzy and it feels and looks like a rats nest even on wash days. I don’t even notice a difference on wash days. My hair is low porosity and I have so much wet frizz even in baths. The moment I slide the den man brush through my soaking wet hair, it bounces into these broken-frizzy damp curls. This is upside down. Then, I  scrunch in a water based curling cream. Finally, I diffuse my hair upside down. When this routine is done, my hair is a frizzy mess with mildly discernible curls at the ends. I have tried protein masks. I have tried a no protein routine. I have tried no sulfates and silicones, and the opposite. NOTHING WORKS TO QUELL THIS FRIZZ. I’m at my three years long wits end. I am at a loss of how to define my curls. If I don’t handle my hair to a satisfactory degree by the end of 2022, I WILL GO BALD. I AM SO SICK OF THIS RATS NEST. I AM SO SICK OF BEING THOUGHT OF AS UNRULY AND DISGUSTING BECAUSE OF MY HAIR. I am tired."
Rudegurl88,srx4ic,"Your hair is beautiful . I understand how frustrating getting a routine can be , I also haven’t figured one out yet even with all the different products. I just wanted to say , hang on sister! If it’s easiest to heat treat and straighten some days don’t feel guilty !"
Ruthlessrabbd,srx4ic,"I understand how you feel entirely, as I struggle with getting my hair consistent and loving it too. I think if you have an idea on how you want your hair to look you should consider getting it cut!"
SeekingHealth23,srx4ic,"2nd this!
You’re curls are gorgeous btw! ❤️"
StringOfLights,srx4ic,"Your hair is amazing, but I can also understand why it would be frustrating. I’m really sorry anyone ever judged you for your hair texture, that should never happen. 

It sounds like you’ve been trying just about everything. Protein/moisture balance is my usual advice and you’ve checked that! 

If you’ve done a lot of chemical straightening and you think your hair might still have some damage, have you tried Olaplex? It’s not cheap, but it’s a bond builder and I’ve had it help my curl pattern before. It won’t fix breakage, obviously, but it does help. 

Also, do you live somewhere with hard water? I’ve realized recently that that is messing with my curl pattern. I stayed with a friend for a few days and had amazing curl definition. Came back home, lost the definition. Sure enough, [I’m not alone](https://www.maneobjective.com/2018/10/how-to-fix-hard-water-problems-with-natural-curly-hair.html). It’s worth looking into, it made more of a difference than I expected. 

You probably have already, but have you tried squish to condish? Does it help any curl clumps form?"
Vulpixii,srx4ic,I think your hair is beautiful but if you really feel frustrated and want to try something new you’d look super cute with a curly pixie cut! Maybe something like this? [example pic](https://i.imgur.com/2zO0KD1.jpg)
aj120390,srx4ic,"Do it. It’ll grow back, and will be so much easier to maintain at a length you’re happy with

I was in a similar situation. My hair sat at about my mid back, and was in such bad condition it got to the point of taking 30+ minutes just to detangle, even when full of conditioner. I had it cut to “still long enough to tie up” (I worked in a kitchen) and noticed an immmediate difference. Now it’s at jaw length, I use so much less product, so much less time to maintain, and looks better than it ever did. 

If you’re not ready to go fully bald, maybe just speak to a stylist about shorter styles. You can always change your mind and shave it later"
bibiyade12,srx4ic,"I reaaaaally like how your hair is now on the pics! Maybe a haircut to shape it better, but I really like it!! It's voluminous 😍"
cancancan1345,srx4ic,Have you tried a Brazilian  blowout?
carladaphoto,srx4ic,what are you using on it currently? (Like on wash day)
coloradyo,srx4ic,I wonder if doing a curly cut with short layers here and there would make it feel less weighed down?
flovvey,srx4ic,"Your hair looks literally so much like mine did!! Maybe mine was slightly more frizzy and more weighed down (it was very long). I was like you too, I tried everything to like it and make it healthy. But I still hated it. I finally had enough and thought ""why am I still clinging to my hair? I've always hated it. I don't want to keep fighting myself everyday"". And it clicked. I went to the salon and shaved it off! Lemme tell you, the literal and emotional weight that lifted off me in that moment was insane. The more she shaved I couldn't stop smiling!! I was crying I was so happy and for the first time did not hate how I looked in the mirror!! 
And my curls I could never tame? After a shower they just curled right up! Perfect curls I always dreamed of. Effortlessly!! 

If you are unhappy with your hair and want to cut it, DO IT!!! You already want to, so think about how happy you will be once you finally do!! This is your sign!!


Look up some short curly styles ( I looked at men's curly fohawks) and book that salon appointment!

Good luck!!"
flowersfortc,srx4ic,"You should give Lus a try. Caters to all curly types. Never know, worth a try at this point!!

https://lusbrands.com/"
goth_heisenberg,srx4ic,"My hair was like this about a month ago after using creams, gels, finger coiling etc… finally last week I had enough, shampooed and conditioned with head and shoulders, put a bit of hask leave in straight out of the shower, diffused after letting it air dry for about 15 mins.., mind you I didn’t brush it style it at all, just let it fall naturally. and my hair has been more defined and bouncy than ever and I’ve had 2 great washdays since then using the same routine. Sometimes simplicity works best. Good luck"
marlonbrandoisalive,srx4ic,"Wow, it’s beautiful!!

I totally wouldn’t cut but of course if that’s what you really want go for it.

Have you tried oil based products? Like argan oil and coconut oil."
meowtimegang,srx4ic,"Have you tried deep conditioning with heat? I have coarse, low porosity hair and it’s very hard to moisturize. I bought a portable dryer hood for my blow dryer and after washing with Malibu hard water shampoo, I conditioned with Jessicurl deep conditioner. I put a shower cap over it then used the dryer hood for 15 minutes, then let it sit for 30. My hair felt much softer afterwards. I had to cut out protein, coconut, polyquats, glycerin, heavy creams and oils.It’s takes very little to develop build up, then it looks frizzy and dry. The Science-y Hair blog is a good resource for information about this."
mistermughlai,srx4ic,I'm curious about your method for putting your product in? Especially your gel. I'm always super deliberate about putting product in in sections and kinda forming the curls as I go. also I know you said you had a curly cut but.. maybe a better one? Lol that feels dumb to say but I feel like a good shaping could do wonders
moth_6684,srx4ic,"Apologies if this has been suggested, but when you use gel do you let it dry completely and then scrunch out the crunch? I usually scrunch with a little bit of argan oil and it does help a lot—but as other commenters have said, not everyone can get the same kind of definition. For what it’s worth I also think your hair looks awesome as is, and simultaneously I feel the frustration. Good luck!"
puppypooper15,srx4ic,"Have you watched Manes by Mell on YouTube? Her videos were really helpful for me in figuring out what products to use and how to style my hair

When you got your curly cut did you like how the stylist styled your hair? Do you know what products they used?"
rbkc12345,srx4ic,"I like it how it is, but it does look like a lot of work.  Shorter might be easier to deal with.  Not all curl types are defined chunks, your hair is PRETTY!  Voluminous and airy.  

If you are really craving definition, find a curl stylist, someone who specializes in curly hair and can cut in layers that help it to self organize more.  


But if your hair type is fluffy, can you just love it?  It doesn't look bad at all in this picture. Maybe set it on rollers or in twists sometimes for the defined look?"
renegade_kitty,srx4ic,"I think your hair is gorgeous! Straight up jealous of your curls. Check out the curly hair line by Lush. The leave in (Super Milk) and curl cream (Curl Power) is really quite nice for slicking back the flyaways and frizz. Warning, the leave in smells like cotton candy. This is a good thing or a bad thing, no in between. In terms of brushes, check out the Felicia Leatherwood Brush. Don’t get the knock off. And if you want to cut your hair, cut it. A good cut to take care of the ends can really help in defining your curls!!! 

Just know your curls are enviable and fabulous!!!"
sakura94,srx4ic,"Personally I love big mood hair, but I get your frustration. 

I know you've tried many methods, but the above description of brushing with the denman BEFORE scrunching in product might be part of the issue. It is possible all strands are not being evenly coated, especially on your mid-lengths as you get closer to the root (notice how your ends are more defined/styled than the rest of your hair). I always use the denman AFTER I have added my styler. Hair glides along the curved rubber base allowing for an even distribution, smoothing the strand in one direction (less frizz) and encouraging waves/spirals to form based on your curl pattern (tension effect). If you are only scrunching styler into hair that is already in frizzy clumps from using the denman on wet hair without product, it won't change the shape of the clumps or restyle them (stylers don't make your curl shape), and you could be applying product mainly to the ends by only scrunching, which is why they look more defined.

Try applying your styler in sections first and brushing each section with the denman to form the clumps. Personally I use only flaxseed gel, so I can go pretty close to the root while styling without having scalp issues. If using a cream styler, I try to avoid brushing too close to the root to avoid product build up at the scalp (a real concern for us low po curlies!)"
sdjackie8,srx4ic,Have you tried gel?
tapdance00,srx4ic,"Have you tried getting a cut that removes/thins out some of the volume lower down? Personally, this is a must for my hair given the volume. May be worth trying if you haven't already."
thorifonly333,srx4ic,"I think your being hard on yourself. I know we can all be guilty of looking in the mirror and only seeing what we don’t like. I think your hair is bloody awesome if that helps. Seriously, looks incredible."
tinyjacks,srx4ic,"When are you applying products after you wash? If my hair is not sectioned into 6 and completely saturated before I apply a heavy cream/leave in conditioner, my hair gets frizzy immediately. Add some water from a spray bottle again on top of the cream and then go in with some gel. I prefer ecostyler or xtreme wetline gel. 

For whatever reason, my hair doesn't cooperate with being diffused so maybe you can also try airdrying. Since you said your hair is low porosity like mine, it'll take a long time but almost no frizz for the first 3 days.

Also most places where you can get a curly cut can give you a consultation on what will work best for your hair. 

Your hair is absolutely gorgeous but it's totally up to you want to want to do with it."
seisen67,srwrp6,"First, look at your stylist social media.  If they don’t have curly haired clients- cancel!   Second, take pictures of what you do want and what you do not want
Third, do not worry about their feelings.  You are paying, maybe a lot, for this service.   The whole wet dry thing is IMO overrated but TALK to the stylist about it.  Ask why wet over dry, etc.  ask her not to take much off, that you’d rather her do a second pass if it’s too long.  Ask about a return touch up policy"
themartinipolice03,srwrp6,"Tips for talking to a hairdresser?&&&I can count the number of good haircuts I’ve had on one hand. Never mind one finger because there’s been exactly one. Even then that one was not what I wanted but it still looked good.

Anyway I’m going tomorrow. I’m going to an actual hair salon rather than a barbers, and supposedly they’re decent with curly hair, or so I’ve heard. Nonetheless I’m not taking any chances, I want to go in there and come out with exactly what I want. 

Any tips for talking to hair dressers about curly hair in particular? Making sure they don’t brush it dry, not cutting it too short etc. I could of course come out and say these things but I don’t want to come across as rude or like I’m doubting their abilities?

Thanks"
