index,id,comments
Thunders00,sgsfi2,"2 min apart. Scrunching out the crunch is my favorite&&&&&&Thank you!! This was my first deva/curly cut, aka they cut it dry and it makes a huge difference! Since I have like 2a-3a patterns on my head. I have a ton of layers in the back and on the sides, I brought in pictures for the hair stylist of the type of cut I wanted. But it’s very much a 70s/shag/fringe type of cut!&&&Routine: LUS Luv Ur Curls shampoo, deep conditioner in shower. After shower, plop with a microfiber towel, then LUS Luv Ur Curls all in one wavy styler, and their new gel! Air dry, then scrunching out the crunch&&&I just scrunched my hair gently with my dry hands in this picture. I know some people prefer to scrunch with a cotton tshirt, or with hair oil on their hands to prevent frizz. I might try an oil at some point for extra moisture"
WelpImNotCreative,sgsfi2,How do I scrunch out the crunch?!
piqv,sgsfi2,What type of cut do you have I low key want this it’s so beautiful and so are you!
sauce_gud,sgsfi2,"Ah yes, the unexplainable curly hair physics"
LivvyJean,sgsa95,Do you use any hair masks/have you tried one with protein in it? There are certain parts of my hair that don't curl as well as others and need more protein.
holo0000,sgsa95,"1. You have a beautiful color
2. Sun exposure can impact the top layer of hair like that, a protein treatment in those areas can help rebuild the curl pattern but only do this 1x a month to avoid protein overload
3. Have you tried using a mousse or gel and a denman brush or finger rolling? Have you tried squish to condish or plopping?"
windowpaneveins,sgsa95,What do I do with my hair? Completely don’t know :(.&&&
mstrobelight,sgrq6z,"Wait, is my hair actually curly? Details in comments.&&&&&&I've seen several reels about people who thought they had straight hair, but it turned out it was curly when taken care of properly. I'm wondering if that's me, and I'd love to hear your thoughts!

Hair details...
-Very fine, moderate quantity
-Easily weighed down, keeping volume is hard
-Normal to sometimes dry scalp (have to be careful with moisture, see previous point)
-Has always had ""movement"" in it
-Never liked to hold a (heat styled) curl growing up
-Takes forever to air dry, seems to take on water quickly
-Sensitive to humidity
-Dries straight with regular blow dryer
-Usually soft/silky and fairly often shiny, but can still have some frizz

Timeline...
2011: Started washing my hair every other day
2014: Stopped using any heat styling
2015: Started using a boar bristle brush and a silk pillowcase
2016: Started using Shea Moisture Fruit Fusion shampoo and conditioner
2018: Started using beecrowbee shampoo and conditioner and was able to transition to twice a week washing (by nixing conditioner unless my hair got long, then only a little on the ends or it would weigh down my hair and make my scalp greasy faster)
Very end of 2021: Started using Under Luna unscented shampoo w/double wash as suggested (scalp had been feeling kind of itchy and dry sometimes, and I wanted to get away from strongly scented products, so I switched and my hair really likes it)

Current routine...
Wash twice a week, shampoo only, sometimes ACV rinse. On the weekend: wash in the morning, put up in towel gently, brush through with wide tooth comb, clip back the front and air dry. During the week: wash in the evening, put up in towel gently, brush through with wide tooth comb, use table top fan as a faux hair dryer ""on cool"" (bc I don't own one) to 80% dry before bed, say hello to the floofy waves that result. Every night except wash night: boar bristle brush, sometimes braid to sleep because my hair is currently too short for a bun (I miss that).

What I did this morning...
Shampooed as normal after ACV rinse, flipped my head over and ran a tiny bit of conditioner through my hair with my fingers with only a little on my scalp (got a sample of Under Luna unscented conditioner), rinsed it out, gently squeezed out excess water, even more gently put my hair in a towel to not drip, let my hair down and scrunched it a bit, did not comb or clip it back before air drying.

Clearly there's something going on here, but what exactly? It's hard to tell, but there are technically some very loose spirals in there. I part my hair on the side, and the ""smaller"" side is much less tousled, which is typically what my hair looks like when I comb it before air drying.

Did anyone else start out this way? Should I get myself a diffuser and some clean gel/mousse and give it a go?

Thanks for reading!"
fairlyegotistical,sgrmtv,"damaged hair??&&&yoo so i finally got some dandruff shampoo and olaplex thingy and a deep conditioner, i already had a deep conditioner thing but i don’t think it was any good. i also got the not your mother mousse but it’s coming later. the dandruff shampoo is kinda for me cause i see white stuff in my hair even though i clarify, mostly for my sister though, cause she either has REALLY bad
dry scalp like really bad or dandruff. anyway yeah, ima just leave this here and i’ll post a picture of how it works when i wash my hair tomorrow. 


some more info if u like reading:
i got so little products because i finger coiled my hair 2 days ago and it looked good and wasn’t frizzy for the parts i finger coiled, and somebody told me my hairs probably damaged so i wanna try the olaplex to see:. but i got it off amazon and there were some reviews saying it’s fake and made their hair fall out and some saying it’s amazing.. so i’m a lil scared. I’ll update anyone who cares!"
holo0000,sgriv5,"Since she gets her hair wet at night I would guess some of the frizz is from wet hair being roughed up on a typical cotton pillow case and sheets. When your hair is wet it is the most fragile, try introducing a satin pillow case, satin bonnet (not my preference because im a wild sleeper), the pineapple method, and/or braids before bed. I like putting in a gel or mousse before braiding for a nice wave once it dries. I would also recommend a deep conditioner 1-2x a week to boost moisture and a gel or mousse or curl creme to help control frizz. I use a gel and a denman brush or finger rolling or braiding to style my hair then don’t touch it until all the way dry, then scrunch out the crunch."
life_changing3000,sgriv5,She is 11! Let her figure it out when she cares.
syellen09,sgriv5,"My daughter inherited her dad's curly hair, and it's only now manifested at 11yo. I have no idea where to even begin taking care of it. She is content to just throw it up with a scrunchie, but even that is frizzy and hard to manage. What can I do to help define her curls and smooth her hair?&&&&&&She doesn't really have a routine. Washes and conditions every night. Air dry only. Doesn't like to use heat tools. Almost always wears her hair up with a velvet scrunchie. Thanks!"
duhdine,sgqhvz,She's giving us summer in February!! Lovely soft waves!
maarijuanita,sgqhvz,"Successful wash day! 🌞💕&&&&&&Here’s my wash day routine:


- Pacifica Pineapple Curls Shampoo
- Every two weeks or so, I swap it out with Suave Clarifying Shampoo instead
- Pacifica Pineapple Curls Conditioner, I let this sit in my hair/tie it in a loose bun while I shower my body
- Detangle & comb through hair with a wide toothed comb while conditioner is rinsing out
- Immediately apply small amount of Shea Moisture Coconut & Hibiscus Curl Enhancing Smoothie, mixing it in my hands then lightly applying it to the outside before scrunching with the cream
- Apply gel cast on outside of hair with Not Your Mother’s Curl Talk Frizz Control Sculpting Gel, then scrunch gel into each individual clump/wave
- Plop with a cotton t shirt or microfiber hair cloth while I get dressed and do skincare
- Diffuse upside down on low heat high power until dry, making sure to diffuse roots first for additional volume
- Apply a small amount of Herbal Essences Totally Twisted Curl Boosting Mousse all around hair to give it added protection and hold

I sleep with a satin pillowcase when I put the energy into doing this sometimes almost two hour routine lol"
Blixie318,sgqf82,"Opalex, protein hair conditioner or leave in treatment. YouTube has tons of curly girl videos on how to protect your curls. I grew up not knowing how to take care of my curly hair, so I know how you feel. I shaved my head and started anew, but I doubt you want to go so extreme. Use curly hair products like rizos curls, curl smith, shea moisture, curls etc. these don’t have silicones or other ingredients that damage your hair. Curly girl method ( I recommend Bianca Renee on YouTube)
Hopefully this will help you get more info. The color looks awesome btw"
Subject_Apricot4963,sgqf82,Help with damaged dyed curly hair&&&
g3llavitch,sgqf82,use aphogee protein treatment that will bring back your curls in one use and will make ur hair look so much healthier
2a2b2c,sgpr8y,"I haven’t personally done it, but I’ve seen several people on this sub and on the wavy sub say thinning their hair out messed with the curl pattern a lot. I think it’s because of how it takes away parts of the curl clumps? I’m not sure, but it’s definitely a thing! 

It’s also possible your hair is changing. Hormones can control curl patterns massively; my hair was mostly straight as a kid, then 3a as a teen, and now 2b ish in my twenties. I miss the ringlets, but that’s life.

You could try a hard hold gel instead of mousse, it might hold the curls there longer. Diffusing could help too. But you might just have to wait for your hair to grow back in to know if it’s from the thinning or not"
skatingduckie,sgpr8y,"My hair seems to be changing texture, but im not completely sure.&&&I want from 3b/3c hair and now some of it is almost pin straight at the end of my school day (it ends at 2:27.) I thinned it out in October and Im wondering if that could have something to do with it. Currently I use a leave in conditioner and a mousse, did anyone have a similar experience?"
duhdine,sgpigd,"So many people in this sub have success with Tresemme! I'm very tempted to pick them up next time I need shampoo/conditioner. 

Beautiful results! You look great, don't you DARE shave that head and deny us those curls!"
kimchipotatoes,sgpigd,Cheap brands seem to work best on me too.
majetn,sgpigd,"Went back to Tresemme shampoo/conditioner, and I'm thinking I don't have to shave my head after all.&&&&&&After reading u/cantspellrestaraunt 's post about CGM, I started to think back to my college days when I was poor and just buying the cheapest hair products I could find, and my hair was pretty excellent.  So this morning I swapped out my usual As I Am Dry & Itchy Shampoo and SheaMoisture Curl & Shine conditioner for Tresemme's Flawless Curls line.  

After doing a brief rinse with cold water (hair upside down in shower) I ran a handful of SheaMoisture Jamaican Black Castor Oil leave-in conditioner (a usual product for me) through with my fingers, along with a small amount of SheaMoisture Jamaican Castor Oil hair gel (just found this last week, and I think it's a pretty new SM product).  Scrunched hair tremendously while still in shower, getting out as much excess water as possible, then plop for a couple hours and let air dry. Finally I scrunched the crunch with OGX coconut hair oil.

Yesterday I was looking at pixie cuts because I've been fed up with my hair lately, but maybe I'll try Tresemme for a while instead.  Plus I've got all these scrunchies I don't want to go to waste.&&&Aw thank you. And yeah for ~$3-4 a bottle, it's not too big of an investment, which is nice.  If this works out maybe I can save some money and pare down my closet-ful of hair products 😄"
shortern,sgpigd,"I’ve also been contemplating pixie cuts lately, so you’ve got me convinced to swap to Tresemme for a bit and see if that helps!"
w11f1ow3r,sgpigd,"I used Tresemme for years. When your hair likes it, it’s great."
Sting_like_a_Vespa,sgped6,"I have 2C/3A curls and I find the longer my hair gets, the less definition the curls have. The weight of the hair pulls the coils down, especially near the root. Shorter hair will definitely give you more volume and depending on your curl type more definition as well."
eiecctro,sgped6,"Does shorter hair have more volume and definition?&&&For extra info, I'm a dude and I think my hair has reached medium length, I haven't been following a routine for a long time now but I want my hair to look good again so I'm thinking of starting again. 

Now I know curly hair needs SOME length in order to actually curl up but my question is, does it at one point start to lose definition and volume the longer it gets? I'm not sure if I should get a minor trim or not before starting a routine again.&&&Thanks a lot! I took a test and it apparently says I have 3B curls (not sure how accurate this is), how does one know for sure which curl type they have?"
-ladylazarus,sgp4nl,something to remember (though with post-partum hair ymmv)–curly hair is very malleable. keep the length and try to reshape the middle bit of your hair by braiding it (i recommend french braids) while it’s wet. let it dry in the braids and voila! curls are back.
Abieticacid,sgp4nl,"Your bottom curls are so beautiful id hate for you to cut it off, but I can understand why you wanna cut."
Alexwheatness,sgp4nl,"I think I would keep your length just a few more months to let those post-baby curls really take shape. But when you do cut into the straight section, it might style a teensy bit wavier once there is less weight on the end. It might blend a little better than you think"
BelleDelphinium,sgp4nl,My hair does crazy things during/after pregnancy. Currently 3 months postpartum and hair is falling out and falling flat! Ugh. I always end up cutting it short 😁
BlakeSwag,sgp4nl,Have you tried finger curling or a curl brush to retrain that middle section?
Bobcuts_and_capes,sgp4nl,"That's a thing!?  Wow, learn something new every day."
Boldy84,sgp4nl,Having nearly the same problems.
Caitlion8,sgp4nl,"Personally, I would probably go full pixie cut and let the top curls shine. Plus, less hair for baby to latch onto! I'm biased, though because I've been trying to talk myself into another pixie cut lately lol."
Cucalope,sgp4nl,Rock a curly pixie! You have rhe face for it and it would probably be easy to care for
Daisykicker,sgp4nl,Mine did the exact same thing! I ended up chopping mine pretty short. Baby constantly grabbing for my hair + exhaustion…glad I did it lol
DistinctProgress818,sgp4nl,I have no advice but I do wanna thank you for this post..it’s very interesting! Congrats on your baby :)
Fimbrethil53,sgp4nl,"I'd cut it! I love short curly cuts and I totally get the ""I need change"" itch. I'm currently contemplating a post baby dramatic haircut too!  

If you end up missing the length, it'll grow back."
Foundalandmine,sgp4nl,"Personally, I'd cut it and get a good amount of layers, which would add texture and movement the the straighter area. Even losing the bottom curls, I think it would look better, and you'd feel better about it, than having three distinct patterns along your length. If it were me, as much as I'd be bummed to say goodbye to the pretty curls at the bottom, I think I'd rather have a style that's more cohesive than keep the bottom, and I'd ultimately feel better about the result."
Funkywonton,sgp4nl,I remember a teacher I had in high school told me after she had kids her once curly hair was permanently straight I think she told me some hormonal imbalance happened
GiftedString109,sgp4nl,"Girl, cut it!!! Its not bad, definitely could be worse (but think about that fresh new cut tho!!!!)"
Isabela_Grace,sgp4nl,I’d straighten it then recurl evenly or just straighten until it grows long enough to be evenly curled tbh
KelzTheRedPanda,sgp4nl,I say just keep it in an up do for about 3 more inches then chop it.
Lanielion,sgp4nl,Omg this is what’s happening to me! I didn’t realize it was from the pregnancy
LosNava,sgp4nl,"This is tricky. But also fascinating. 

I cut hair and if you came to me I would probably advise getting some short layers up front to frame your face so the straight isn’t front and center. It also appears that your post baby hair has a tighter curl pattern than pre baby. You could always give it a couple more month before doing a more drastic cut that gets most of the straight out and have a better idea of new curl pattern.  What a pickle though."
Melodic_Elderberry,sgp4nl,"I can't really give any advice on style, but I would recommend posting this to r/damnthatsinteresting. I think it would go over well there."
Missanonymous965,sgp4nl,"Omg the exact same thing happened to me. I naturally have 3b hair and at the end of the pregnancy my hair was turning straight, and now I am left with it."
Mpetersen32,sgp4nl,"I would get a trim or an inch off and some layers, but I wouldn't go super short. You obviously have curly hair coming in, it will just take time to grow it out.&&&I've changed my mind. I would cut it to shoulder length and get some layers. I think the pre-baby stuff is pulling your hair down and is causing the straight hair to be more straight."
MyCatAteMyReddit,sgp4nl,When I came to this cross road I went for the big chop because I lost a ridiculous amount of hair when I stopped nursing. It helped a lot with blending in the grow-back after the loss. It also helped my self-esteem because I had such limited control during such a big life transition.
OatmealCookieGirl,sgp4nl,"I don't know if it's available elsewhere, but a hairstylist for curlies in my country has a special perm technique where they only perm sections etc. Maybe try asking if they could perm-curl the straight part?"
OutlanderMom,sgp4nl,"If you’re like me with each of my pregnancies, you’ll lose about 60% of your hair in the months after the baby is born. I had loose hairs on my pillow, on my clothes and in the hairbrush and shower. I cut my hair shorter til my hormones leveled out. My hair went back to pre-pregnancy curls after about six months."
Roupert2,sgp4nl,"Sorry no advice, I just love this picture! Haha. Congrats on baby 2"
Salt_Type_8032,sgp4nl,"I have no advice but my curls changed so much during pregnancy and postpartum. My husband laughs at how much effort I’ve put into relearning my routine the last 2 years, but this post makes me feel so seen. Thanks for sharing and good luck!"
Scipio0404,sgp4nl,*Chop it*
Skyblacker,sgp4nl,"If your ends are curly, and your roots are growing in curly, perhaps you could perm the middle section to match?"
TheSkaryFairy,sgp4nl,Whaaaat? I did not know this was possible....I wish I had advice to give but all I can offer is support lol. Your hair is still super pretty btw.
Throwaway09272_,sgp4nl,WAIR HOW DOES THIS HAPPEN
WVFarm89,sgp4nl,"Not a hair dresser but personally if you can grow it out do it! If you don’t like it down try braids, buns, pony tails, updos, ect. Then it can grow a bit and you can have more of the new curls before cutting any of the bottom off?

When I started curly girl method my hair was more wavy than curly, I used a triple barrel iron or a curling iron to “fix” the pieces I didn’t like. If it already isn’t curling the heat damage to the straight section only.  It might not look so obvious then when it’s down!"
Wavesmith,sgp4nl,How about getting a super short cut? You’d cut off all the straight bit and it will be super easy to look after when you have a newborn and a toddler. Plus by the time you’re through the newborn stage it will have grown out a bit too.
WendellAnnie,sgp4nl,"Advice needed! Do I risk getting a hair cut in the straight section or suck it up and keep the length?&&&&&&Thanks for the advice! I’m sure you’re right and I might as well be patient to see how things continue to develop. I think I’m looking for a little excitement in life right now and a dramatic haircut could have scratched that itch… but waiting is fine too.&&&What’s interesting is that my curls have loosened up a lot in the past decade, which coincides with me starting birth control. This new top section reminds me of my curl pattern before that. If I can have the hair of myself as as 18 year old again I will never complain again lol.&&&It has finally subsided, thank goodness. Although… detail not mentioned in the first comment… I’m actually a few months pregnant again so this roller coaster ride is far from over.&&&Congrats! And may your hair recovery journey be smoother than mine. 🤣&&&I’m always looking for a dramatic change when I get haircuts… but then I very often regret them immediately afterwards. 😅 this is probably good advice.&&&This happens every time I wash my hair right now. The straight section grew in while I was pregnant with my now 15 month old and I’m not entirely sure what the section above it is doing. I’m tempted to go for a much shorter haircut but my husband is convinced that will make the straight section even more obvious. Help!

Edited to take out phrase ‘big chop’.&&&Ugh tempting! I’m self conscious about my round face and might feel over exposed if I lose the ability to make a pony tail but….. tempting!&&&I’m sorely tempted!&&&Lol thanks! I don’t take myself too seriously so this stage is definitely more funny than aggravating.&&&I’ve never done anything but comb my hair soaking wet in the shower so this would be a whole new skill to learn.&&&Glad to enlighten you with my woes ahah.&&&How do you know my daily style so well? 😅 it’s the rare day this hair isn’t piled on top of my head in a scrunchy bun.&&&Well then I would go from inconsistent curls to zero curls lol.&&&I’m considering it! But concerned that being currently pregnant could complicate things. It’s worth researching for sure.&&&My hair straightened out from birth control as well but pregnancy took it to a whole new level.&&&Hormones man! So interesting.&&&Hormones.&&&Hey, hormones can change at any time! 😅&&&Lol I’m not but the comparison seemed apt.&&&Thanks everyone for so much feedback! Here's the update for those who are interested. I'm going to wait on a hair appointment a little longer because my hair has honestly never been easier to manage than it is right now. I used the money I'm ""saving"" on the cut to instead splurge on some new hair products. I think these curls could use some protein, so I'm going to try to work with what I got and otherwise rock the mom bun a few months longer.&&&haha, thanks for the suggestion!"
YourNameHere375,sgp4nl,"I agree! Losing some length may increase the curl in that section and some layers can give more depth.

Also, having long hair and a toddler drove me nuts. I had it in a bun or braid most of the time until I cut it shorter."
Zay-Way,sgp4nl,keep the length and get some layers in the front/slight shag
__-tatertot-__,sgp4nl,"It's so cool! I think you should own it, it comes with an awesome story! When the new pattern grows out enough do a big chop."
aaaaaahsatan,sgp4nl,"Yes! I second this. Denman brush for life.

*edit:* why would I get down voted for this? Using a Denman and then finger coiling makes for amazing curls."
ablarimer,sgp4nl,So that’s why my hair is doing weird stuff! I had a baby 5 months ago and my curls and shapes are just…off.
ahijabi,sgp4nl,My hair changed so much during pregnancy and postpartum. But I think it had more to do with not having the energy or time to keep up with my routine! I wouldn’t risk cutting it. Just try to get back to your old routine and see how that goes.
ahsatan_1225,sgp4nl,I'd chop it off tbh
all_u_need_is_cheese,sgp4nl,"Haha I had EXACTLY this as well. I styled it wavier as much as possibly to match the straighter section until the curly section was long enough that I could cut a reasonable looking curly bob. I wore a LOT of low side ponytails before my haircut lol.

But if you’ve ever wanted to try a curly pixie, then definitely do that! I think they’re super cute and this is the time to try it without having anything to “lose”! 😊

Oh also, I’m pregnant again now and this time it doesn’t seem my hair is getting straight. 🤞🤞🤞 I’m 20ish weeks and roots are still curly this time. Funny enough I’m having a girl, and my first pregnancy was a boy, and my mom also said her curly hair got super straight when she was pregnant with my brother, but not with me!"
alnono,sgp4nl,"I have this same problem!!! It’s so weird. My issue though is my kids are only two years apart so the bottom doesn’t have the same curl either. 

I’ve been just chopping it off to about shoulder length repetitively, and plan to let it come back to length bit by bit"
atjetcmk,sgp4nl,"Has your post-partum hair loss mostly subsided? As someone with crazy hair loss from a twin pregnancy, I wouldn't do anything until it does. It causes your texture to change again. 

Really interesting picture!"
badFishTu,sgp4nl,My babies seem to have just straight up stolen my curls by permanently messing up my hormones.
blueevey,sgp4nl,Okay but what if you shave it?
bluntbangs,sgp4nl,"I thought I was just imagining that my curls had disappeared along with the ability to put my socks on! At least there's hope they'll return, thank you.

You have a great bone structure so you could carry a short cut if you wanted to. I would be worried that the straight section would be more obvious, but they may bounce up without the weight of longer hair. I think I'd ask a hairdresser you trust!"
buzzcutbaby,sgp4nl,Suck it up just do curl defining conditioning treatments 2x weekly and Rosemary oil spray
cauliflowerclouds,sgp4nl,"Tbh this is a great time to try out pixie length hair if you're interested. You have a small baby so you're not going out often, and if you don't like how it looks you can say you did it because of the pregnancy hair. Plus less for the baby to grab!"
constantrem,sgp4nl,This is seriously fascinating and I feel like you are embodying a powerful artwork. So cool! I am sorry I have no advice I just want you to know that I love it as is.
curiousarcher,sgp4nl,"I would definitely let it grow out a little longer, the temptation to go for the dramatic cut seems fun, but if your curls/straight section are being unruly then it might backfire."
dancingpianofairy,sgp4nl,Is post partum hair loss normal/expected?
deananana,sgp4nl,"My hair did the exact same thing during pregnancy, and you're the first person I've seen with  same issue! (I can also say you did a much better photo illustration than me, when I asked this same question I got no responses.)

My kid is now 2 and 1/2, so I muddled through it but this is what I did and it's actually what I recommend: cut off the curls at the bottom, if you feel like you need a cut. But keep the length. The weight of the length will help pull down some of the curls at the top, so that while you're growing it out it doesn't look too crazy. When the curly section at the top gets long enough for you to want to have hair that length, give it another cut!"
dwriten,sgp4nl,Just have to put a note of sympathy because I feel this! Pregnancy hair changes suck.
earthycrunchy,sgp4nl,"Ugh, sorry you are dealing with this! The same.thing happened to me PP. My hair dresser was so amazed by the stark difference she took a picture to show other PP clients lol. I ended up struggling through it long enough that I could fix it with a short cut (below ears but above shoulders). I needed up loving the short cut but growing of back out. Back to being PP now so time will see if this happens again!"
extremelyhotpink,sgp4nl,I second this. Also a hairdresser. Also as someone who has a handful of clients who have had weight loss surgery too and babies.... The body does crazy things.
feelinglost69,sgp4nl,Ugh your curls are so beautiful! Congratulations on the baby and future baby… I’m going to give you some advice that probably not a lot of people will agree on. But until after the next baby I’d personally be straightening. At least until you can grow back your regular curls…. The post baby curls are similar to your pre baby curls. I think they may just look tighter because they are shorter and closer to your scalp. That’s how my hair is…. That’s just what I would do….
goldilockszone55,sgp4nl,I have the same issue with my hair… but not postpartum 😅 oh wait…? 😭
grumblybumbly,sgp4nl,That's what I'd do. Perm the straight and looser curls to match the new tighter curls. Would look great!
henbanehoney,sgp4nl,"Braid it?? My hair did this kinda stuff too when I was pregnant, I wore it up or straight for a couple years."
humblehaloteresa,sgp4nl,I’ve been wondering why my hair got weird after pregnancy and was wondering if it happened to any other curly girls!!!
idrinkliquids,sgp4nl,"If you really don’t want short hair or it grows slowly I think I would do what the others suggested, layers, but also you can just keep it as is and tie the top layer back into a half up-do so most of the straightness is pulled back but the ends are really still nice and curly. I guess it’s up to what you think looks best for you."
jamesfour13,sgp4nl,I was thinking two French braids at night and just see if that averages out to the consistent curl pattern
jbennalynn,sgp4nl,Some layers will probably help blend the different patterns until you have a better idea of what your postpartum hair will be like.
jubjub9876a,sgp4nl,I have no good advice but this is fascinating to me. My hair straightened a lot when I was on birth control but not quite as drastic as this. I'm off now and hoping the curls bounce back in my roots
jwmck1111,sgp4nl,I think the finger curling would work wonders!!! I also am 10 mos pp and have some weirdness going on. Finger coiling is my saving grace.
kaeferkat,sgp4nl,Get a perm to match your natural waves. It will help even everything out and then you can just get it touched up as needed. After you grow our enough of your natural hair you can just cut it and let your hair be natural.
kandy_kid,sgp4nl,Pregnancy hormones are weird. My hair went from being a corkscrew 3b to a wavy 2b-c after two kids. 🤷🏽‍♀️
kmarce1986,sgp4nl,I'd suggest waiting and rocking the mom bun for a bit!
kool-aid-and-pizza,sgp4nl,Yes and the layers may also cut off some weight and allow the straighter hair to spring back a little. Possibly wave a bit at least.&&&Omg this is so cool! Body’s are incredible.
lcbtexas,sgp4nl,Hahaha are you a geologist?? This is hilarious.
lostSockDaemon,sgp4nl,Tbh a lot of new moms just get a pixie anyway. Kids are sticky and they like to pull things. You're lucky your hair is so curly at the roots. I think you could pull off the pixie if you wanted to!
miles_moralis,sgp4nl,"This looks like my hair, I love my hair. Me and my girlfriend say you look beautiful and could totally rock your hair if you wanted to!"
miss_mary_mack1,sgp4nl,"I'm not sure if this is exactly what you're looking for, but I wonder if your hairdresser could perm the straighter section to match your natural curl pattern?"
moensklint,sgp4nl,Do you braid your hair often or put it back in different hairstyles? I would wait until the post baby hair gets a bit longer and then maybe get some nice layers that frame your face. You could alternatively go to the salon and have them put in a loose perm so that all of your hair looks more even.
motleyblondie,sgp4nl,I went from straight hair to curly when I was pregnant. Talk about learning a whole new lifestyle!
narrowterraingenesis,sgp4nl,"This should be studied. If hormones dictate hair texture, that could be utilized for styling purposes..."
ninislg,sgp4nl,I have the same problem. I just let it go. I cut my ends every 3-4 months to gradually get rid of that. Anyway I always put my hair in a pony tail.
ohtheradishspirit,sgp4nl,I empathize - something similar happened to me when I got mono as a preteen and my hair started growing out of my head curly while the rest was straight!
oneangstybiscuit,sgp4nl,"I mean you could try to finger coil them for while and see if it helps you grow out to the point you want to cut, or get someone to maybe gently perm some curls into those areas (maybe after cutting the bottom.) I dunno! You could also try putting the top sections in some of those large barrel curlers just to smooth them out a little to blend into the looser portions? 

Pin curling or finger coiling would be my no cut options, but a cut could also be fun. Cut and maybe perm the ends just to blend it a bit?"
onefootwing,sgp4nl,Amazing! How diverse. My hair hasn't really changed since being pregnant aside from losing a BUNCH of it on both pregnancies and going very grey.
putonyourgloves,sgp4nl,I would do a short cut with a bunch of layers. I bet the straight part wouldn’t be so obvious without the extra weight pulling it down.
rauer,sgp4nl,"I love a drastic haircut, but you've said in the comments that you've regretted them before.... So my next best idea is to start playing with some loose updo styles. I'm an updo person, barely ever wear my hair down because it just looks better up. Curls of any kind can make a messy bun look killer, a soft chiffon look extra elegant, or an easy braided style look amazing. And high pigtail buns are my favorite for feeling funky. Then you could cut it however and it wouldn't really matter too much."
reddituniqueuser19,sgp4nl,Stick with the length !! Let it grow out of your long term goal is long hair !
reecords,sgp4nl,I had a reset cut when my daughter was 16 months. It was a bit shorter than what I was hoping for (it always is with every haircut I ever get!) But 2 months later I’m loving the shorter and layered look!
sarachnoid,sgp4nl,"First of all, congratulations on the baby and new pregnancy!!!

I have no idea if this would work or not, but have you tried the Denman Brush? I have a few different curl patterns (not as extreme as what you're asking about!) and the Denman really helps unify them."
schmee-schma,sgp4nl,Hey I just dealt with this! I waited until 18 months postpartum (just put my hair up a lot and hated it). Then cut to slightly above my shoulders. The straight part bounced up a little but is still straighter. But looks waaaay better.
sea_monkeys,sgp4nl,"So I too am about 15.months PP. 

Using the behairful brush is helping me a lot. As is finger coiling. 

But. My hair was a foot 3inches past shoulders and is officially 2 inches above shoulders now (literally just cut it). The PP hairloss got me good. And it was just so thinned. I went from waves, to now possibly having righter curls. But it's a guessing game.

Do what you think is best. Maybe a trim and layers? Or get a good hair tie (what I did for months hahahh). You might eventually get Feb up and chop."
snmuu,sgp4nl,"That happened to me 3 years ago, at the exact length, but it was heat damage(by a hairdresser unfortunately) I decided to get a layered cut. It was an emotional journey for me. Now I feel like traumatized, I don't have any trust to any hairdresser to take care of my hair so I learned how to cut it just by the ends. If you like to see your hair at this length I could say it's gonna be challenging, but by cutting away the straight part you'll sure get more good looking curls. You should do what you're gonna feel good about it. That's what's most important."
suburban_drifter928,sgp4nl,This is crazy cool I didn’t know this could happen.
tbgsmom,sgp4nl,"What  great picture to explain what can happen to your hair during pregnancy! Mine did exactly this, but add slowly get straighter after each of my first 3 pregnancies that all ended in miscarriage, and then progressively curlier after each of my next 3 successful pregnancies.

I did not have the patience and always cut my hair pretty short after my babies were born. The hair changes were one of many reasons I was happy to be done having kids!!"
thesuzy,sgp4nl,Also wondering if Olaplex would help?
tinygribble,sgp4nl,Wow 10 years later and I just figured out what happened to my curls after my second.
tquinn04,sgp4nl,Hair grows and cutting it will make you feel so much better with more a more even curl pattern.
trash_castle,sgp4nl,"Same! My hair tangles for the first time and my kid is always grabbing at it. I really don’t know what to do.&&&I’m also struggling with postpartum hair! My hair is longer than it’s been in ages, so it’s also straighter. It now tangles for the first time ever and I have no idea how to deal with it!"
utahlashgirl,sgp4nl,"Find a curly cut specialist it will change your life and your hair! I use innersense create hold or create volume after washing. I NEVER brush or comb my hair. I finger through the hair in the shower during conditioner to get all tangles out. When applying gel, my hair is still very wet. I flip head upside down and apply it in scrunching motion to distribute evenly then continue to scrunch as it dries. Sometimes I use the blow dryer with a diffuser just carefully drying the roots. Also, stood using straighteners on your hair! They will kill your curls. I hope this helps! Good luck"
weird-vibes,sgp4nl,I'm literally going through the same thing. I'm almost a month pp and my hair grew in straighter while I was pregnant. I want to cut it but I'm afraid of how it'll look
whatcenturyisit,sgp4nl,Post partum hairloss ? Are you kidding me ? It's a thing ON TOP of everything else ? Really ?
wheniwakup,sgp4nl,So weird. You’ll prob have to grow it out.
wildgaytrans,sgp4nl,I wonder if your biochemistry was different so the hair grew differently while you were pregnant. Sorry am stoned so maybe I'm just asking random questions.
wrendamine,sgp4nl,"No one has suggested it yet, but why not heat curl the straight section to match the rest of your head until it grows out?"
Uzzij,sgoxof,BEAUTIFUL
cwf63,sgoxof,"Success at last (in my humble opinion)&&&&&&Thank you. They don't always turn out like this. Everyday it's a crap shoot.&&&Rountine: today I just wet my hair in the shower. No shampoo or rinse out conditioner. After I got it wet, I applied As I Am leave in, squished it in, squeezed out excess water and wrapped it up in a tshirt. After I got dressed I removed the tshirt and sprayed it with a little water. When I style upside down, I separate it down the middle of the back if my head so it falls on each side of my face, and the top of my hair falls forward (hope that makes sense), then I raked in OGX Moroccan curl cream, and used Herbal Essence tousling spray gel and raked it in. I micro-plopped to remove excess water, stood up and shook it out a bit so it would settle in the back. Used my tshirt to scrunch it a little, then aired dried to about 80%. I diffused to finish drying. SOTC with a tshirt and fluffed around my scalp.

Edited for grammar.&&&Thank you!"
halamarion,sgoxof,a victory indeed!!
piqv,sgoxof,Omg your curls are flawless
thecanarymode,sgorbz,"Gift ideas for curlies in hospital&&&A new satin bonnet!   If someone is in hospital unexpectedly they may not have had time to grab one (which of course makes sense!). 

 Someone just asked me for an idea of something to take to a curly loved one (who went in by ambulance),  and this immediately came to mind. 

It's a small thing, but for every surgery I put one in my hospital bag and it's made a world of difference not having to worry about my hair on top of everything else. 

 I wanted to share on here in case it might be useful for someone else 🙃. 

Of course, it's not for every situation and definitely doesn't *have* to be a priority in a crisis, but if you're looking for something to gift that's practical for overnight stays, I'm sure it will be appreciated.🤍"
Puzzleheaded_Year539,sgoqj5,"I have these awesome glove things - think microfiber style towel, but gloves that I use to scrunch out the excess water, without causing frizz. I dont have a link, but google or check Amazon for “curly hair gloves”.  
I then diffuse some afterwards and use a satin bonnet to protect my hair at night. On wash days I’ll wait to scrunch out the gel cast until morning, as it helps hold the curl in overnight."
bridget1499,sgoqj5,"So honestly I would recommend trying to get it as dry as possible before sleeping. You risk hygral fatigue if you leave it wet overnight. I personally use a diffuser and mix between hover diffusing and cupping my curls into the diffuser and that helps it dry way faster than anything else. Then, you could sleep in a silk bonnet to help preserve them overnight."
holo0000,sgoqj5,Use a cotton T-shirt to scrunch out as much water as you can then add a leave in and or product with hold and braid. Generally my hair is pretty dry in the morning and the braid creates a wave pattern.
purebitterness,sgoqj5,"How do you dry your hair&&&Okay, I have like waist-length, thick hair. If I wash it at night it's usually dry by the morning. I cannot find a way to preserve the curls I've created and sleep. it's thick and heavy, it falls out of any type of plop, if I put it in anything tight enough to hold it in place it's still wet in the morning.

I can't shower in the AM. I could diffuse some, but don't really feel like this would be helpful as I couldn't dry it all the way


Help&&&I have time to diffuse ~some~ but it would literally take hours to dry and I work 12 hour shifts"
efultz76,sgnmfg,"The bot is spot on. Curl type is inconsequential to following the curly girl method. The texture, density (thick vs fine) and porosity (how easily product moves into and out of the hair shaft) need to be determined before you choose your products. A thick head of 2a curls will need totally different products than a fine, thin head of 2a curls. 

I suggest reading the saved file in this sub to get the low down on where to start, but remember if a technique doesn't work for you, you don't HAVE to do it. I don't wash in cold water, I don't use a metric ton of conditioner and I never plop. I also shampoo and condition daily with sulfate free shampoo and silicone free conditioner. Make the method work for you"
postmanpatscat_,sgnmfg,What type of curl do I have? I’m going to start the curly girl hair method finally!&&&&&&Still interested to know! I’ve not been able to differentiate with online pictures so I was just winding what people thought it was.
SnooDoughnuts4403,sgnfoc,Product Reccomendations To Help My Curls&&&&&&Okay thank you! Any specific brands in mind?
fairlyegotistical,sgnfoc,try a gel/mousse
