index,id,comments
ami_anai,add21z,"Hair products make matting worse&&&I have type 2a hair, layered, waist length. 

When I let my hair air dry, it gets frizzy all over and matts beneath the nape of my neck. I've experimented with several different products (curl cream, gel, mousse, spray gel, hair oil), and while they all reduce frizz and help maintain curl definition, they make the matting way worse.

I have tried braiding the hair at the nape of my neck, but then the rest of my hair just matts around it. Anyone else have this problem? Any suggestions? It's gotten to the point where it's not even worth wearing my hair down because of how much detangling I'll have to do afterwards.&&&I have tried diffusing but ended up with a lot of frizz. 

Usually I will brush my (dry) hair out, shower, use lots of conditioner and a wide tooth comb, and pat/scrunch my hair with a t-shirt or microfiber towel until it is not dripping. If I apply any product, I will do it when my hair is 50-75% dry. Typically I will add a little bit of hair oil on top once my hair has completely air dried. &&&I will try that, thanks. &&&I do comb while hair is wet and full of conditioner. I only brush to detangle--I'm not sure how to get around that, since getting matted hair wet only makes things worse."
dontsaythatvizzini,add21z,My hair is only a bit longer than shoulder length and on the thin and fine side. But I had problems with tangling in the back. Game changer for me was finding powerdomi on Instagram. Curlicue lu and India batson also have been helpful. I have tried so many products. What works best for me is the deva curl for wavies line. Especially the cream and gel. It makes my hair slippery so that it doesn’t dry all stuck together. &&&Have you tried diffusing? What’s your routine? &&&Also would never brush.  Comb while hair is wet and full of conditioner. 
dozepatas,add21z,"This is my hair all the way.   I found it is seriously protein sensitive.  Like, I notice a drastic difference.  I’m  3 weeks new to CG so still looking for products but using the no protein line from shea moisture was my breakthrough.  "
elisha411,add21z,"Try adding the product while its dripping wet, wet brush tangles out, scrunch then putting it in the microfiber towel... you should also follow 
r/curlyhair its helped me 2b/2c waves and it's a bigger community with more ideas
"
NewShadeOfGinger,ad0tv2,"Product recommendations to prevent oily scalps and build up?&&&I have thick naturally wavy hair. I’m currently shampooing every 3 days and conditioning my ends every 1 to 2 days. I am using  Maui Moisture Shampoo and conditioner at the moment.  I get a lot of build up on my scalp. The most oily spot on my scalp is the crown of my head. I’m looking for a product that will eliminate the build up and oils. I still want something that is healthy for my hair (sulfate/paraben free) and is good for wavy, frizzy hair. &&&I miss having the clean feeling, but have not been getting that lately.  I will give your shampoo a try 😁 I do tend to condition pretty close to the scalp, so I’ll keep it mostly on the ends. I appreciate the tips! &&&I totally did not realize sulfate free makes it tough  to remove dirt and oil.  Shows how much I know. Have you noticed a big difference since the switch? &&&Good to know. Thank you. "
dkling22,ad0tv2,"As a wavy you may need to do a sulfate wash more often to get the product buildup off.
I use vo5 - basic and cheap every 3-4 weeks for build up.
For my shampoo i used Jason’s soothing dandruff shampoo every 3 ish days and I like it . Gentle and makes the scalp feel clean and not itchy .

If your-scalp is getting oily  try starting you conditioner midway down you hair and go to the ends instead of doing your whole head.  Waves don’t usually need as much moisture as curlies . 👍
"
satanofthelord,ad0tv2,Maui Moisture is notorious for build up so I'd suggest ditching it. 
tiddle49,ad0tv2,"Tea tree oil, apple cider vinegar rinse - a good one by Cantu - or a charcoal shampoo and conditioner perhaps. Drybar makes a Shampoo and Conditioner to detox"
uh_lee_sha,ad0tv2,I had the same exact problem. Finally gave up and started using hydrating shampoos (with sulfates) to reduce build up. I shampoo about once every four days and condition daily or every other day. 
