index,id,comments
Aretha,brc1kg,I love the lus brand products (shampoo conditioner and leave in) they have a wavy formula. My curls are defined and have volume and are SOFT never crunchy. No silicone. My hair has never been softer or wavier
BlueCockatoo,brc1kg,"My hair is fine and also porous. I can’t deal with product buildup or it gets waxy/kinky instead of wavy and curly. I have experimented with CG stuff for 5 years and here is what works for me.

I use Kinky Curly Come Clean shampoo once to reset my hair from products, and then Mill Creek Keratin shampoo to finish cleansing and give it some protein (both are CG and not super expensive).

I use a palm full of Mill Creek Keratin Conditioner mixed with a bout a quarter sized dollop of Alba Botanical Coconut Hawaiian conditioner to condition. The former gives my hair the moisture and protein it needs and the latter gives it a nice bit of hold and volume. Using just one or the other doesn’t give me as good results.

To apply, in the shower, with soaking wet hair, I smooth it on the top of my head and down to the roots then flip my head and finger comb everything to detangle and distribute the conditioner. Once it is detangled, I cup my hands under sections of hair and gather it all the way to my scalp and squish. You should hear a squishing sound and feel water going through your hair like you are hand washing laundry. I may even throw some water on the back of my head to give it more to swish with. Once that is done, I flip my head and do other shower stuff to give it time to soak in.

Next I run my head under the shower just enough to rinse my hiairline around my face and rewet my hair. Then I flip, finger comb into sections (won’t take long the second time) and twirl sections to create some curl and squish again. This time I think of it as trying to squish water in to squish out excess conditioner. I will throw water on the back of my head or quickly run it through the shower again and squish at least ince more. You should see well formed curl clumps and it should feel soft, but not like there is still a lot of conditioner. But it is ok not to get ALL the conditioner out too. 

Next I apply my styling products, about a tablespoon dollop of Kinky Curly Curl Custard and two squirts from the bottle of AG ReCoil Curl Activator mixed in my palm and smeared over my hair lightly, and then squished in from the bottom to the roots. I will add water as necessary to squish well. Then add a little more and squish out excess. I can still feel it on my hair when done but I can tell when it is too much or not. The curls will get even more well formed. I apply about a buckle sized dollop of Biosulk Rock Hard Gel the same way. 

I squish as much water out as I can before stepping out of the shower. Then I plop for a few minutes, diffuse my curls till about 70% dry, flip my head, clip roots for volume and diffuse the rest of the way. If I have time, I let it all “settle” with the clips in for as long as I can before removing them or “fixing” it.

Squishing really is my miracle method. And finding a few products that work well with my hair."
amygrindhaus,brc1kg,"Have you tried leave in conditioner? Deep conditioner? Protein treatments?

Plopping and using mousse instead of gel have solved my volume probs, give it a try!"
laughylu,brc1kg,I have the same hair type except dry and this is exactly how mine looks too. I can’t figure it out either.
menchekia,brc1kg,"So I have the same type of hair.  I found, believe it or not, that I did actually need a styler and not just gel.  The trick is to look for things labeled light weight or look for things specifically labeled for wavy hair.  And don't get a products that have tons of moisturizers & oils in them.

I have found the best luck with mousses/foams & a lightweight cream.  Since you like DevaCurl, I recommend the Wave Maker & the Volumizing Foam.  I also like Ouidad's Advanced Humidity Control Featherlight Styling Cream.  I scrunch in the foam/mousse into my roots and then scrunch the cream into the rest of my hair.  Then gel over all of that.  Then I diffuse & scrunch out the next day since I shower at night."
nemtudod,brc1kg,"Help needed for very fine hair pls see comment for products used&&&&&&Thanks! I have questions. When do you scrunch the foam in? In the shower or later? On soaking wet or dried hair? How do you gel? My hair gets completely straight from the moment i start adding creams or gel. I need to scrunch it up and i get decent spirals when wet.
Many mousses i tried have salt (!?) in them, and my hair gets sticky immediately like when sugar dries into it. Horrible. Did you have the same experience? 
How do you sleep with that stuff? Doesnt pillow/bedsheets scrunch it out? I tried sleeping with gel and i looked so scary in the morning that i had to wash again.&&&I have really thin, fine hair. This is the best that i could get out of my waves after experimenting with curly girl method for 9 months now. 
Wash with deva curl shampoo and conditioner, wash out competely upside down. Then apply orange marmalade flex seed gel while soaking wet. Air dry compeletely. Scrunch. 
1. After scrunching, waves last about 30 min. Then it is just frizz. Lasts even shorter time if i diffuse.
2. My hair is oily and gets weighted down on the top. Tried to clip up, but i dont know how and with what. Clips are slippery bc of the gel being around and i have little hair, that i could grab on. How should i do it. 
I tried many other elements of CGM, nothing worked so far. 
Any suggestions for lasting definition and volume from fellow fine hair humans?&&&Great. I already went for a deva curl expert also my hairstylist trained herself and researched wavy hair. Absolutely nothing works and i’m not even sure what do i do at this point? Cut short and keep like that forever? I dont feel good looking like this after $100s of dollars of “trial and error” and experimentation. Nothing comes to close to what ppl claim on youtube and i literally spend too much time with it. :(&&&I never used silicone, and what mostly happens to my hair it is like it’s covered in sugar sticky, no matter what little product i use."
