index,id,comments
BigHawk3,dh14t7,Very similar to my hair lol I hope there is some useful advice (and hopefully besides just “do the curly girl method” because that shit is too expensive)
KnitSocksHardRocks,dh14t7,I too wish to know.
SkipBoat,dh14t7,"That is the only fix, and there are many good cheap products out there"
brooke281,dh14t7,after air drying&&&&&&i use deva curl ultra defining gel but maybe i don’t use enough?
gemushka,dh14t7,It doesn’t have to be expensive. Plenty of cheap options available...
mistergreenside,dh14t7,If you’re not using gel: the time is now. Your hair looks like the waves will be much happier and more in tact if you put a light high porosity gel in straight out of the shower
Supersox22,dgzj32,Fellow Lizzo fan I see :) Also love those frizz free days!
TrustMeImAGirl,dgzj32,6 days in to CGM and I finally had a good hair day!&&&&&&It may also have a picture of the white house on it. 😂 I've been singing Truth Hurts all day because of this shirt
brooke281,dgz5tk,my hair photo. i just washed and followed the curly girl method&&&
Supersox22,dgwv6e,"Can you post a picture? What kind of brushes are you using and are you brushing before getting in the shower?

Hair damage usually leads to tangling. There a lot of reasons your hair might be getting damaged, including products (silicones are awful for hair and are frequently in detanglers), pool water, physical damage from detangling or exposure, nutrient deficiencies, mild allergies...that's all I can think of for now. If you have long hair it might be worth it to cut it short."
bristol7,dgwv6e,"Have you looked into the curly girl method? I think this would benefit your hair greatly. If I were you I would try co washing as well, and not brushing outside the shower. If you haven’t checked it out, head on over to r/curlyhair and read the beginners guide.

ETA: also try deep conditioning with heat! The heat really helps seal in the moisture."
brooke281,dgwv6e,"my crazy hair&&&i have type 2a/2b hair and it is a mess. It is very dry and frizzy and i can never tame the frizz. I usually wash with cantu cream shampoo and conditioner and then but my hair in a turbie twist for a little then let it air dry. I try to wash my hair every 3 days because it is so dry. After my hair is totally done air drying, it is a knotty mess and i can barely run my fingers through it. I try to comb or brush it out the best i can on day two but it’s a mess and gets tangled again instantly. I wear it down to school for the day and i come home and there is no way to deranged my hair without ripping it all out of my head. I may be able to slightly detangle my hair enough so that i can wear it down the next day but if not i will wear it in a bun. After i come home my scalp is oily and it is definitely time to wash my hair, but i can not detangle it for the life of me. I struggle to detangle using kids detangler and a spray bottle of water. It is very painful and i lose so much hair. My hair is super frizzy at this point so i hop in the shower and shampoo and my hair gets tangled again. Then i put my conditioner in and let that sit then attempt to use my wet brush shower flex to brush out my hair. I usually lose a lot more hair and then I rinse out my hair. I don’t normally use any products after my shower. PLEASE HELP ME!! I DO NOT KNOW HOW TO TAME THIS CRAZY MESS!!!&&&Thank you so much!! I need to order a slik pillowcase and get some new detangler. I’m not sure about the cg method yet because it is so time consuming!!&&&i use a wet brush before and after my shower usually. i just posted photos after washing my hair using the curly girl method. I will update when dry. I’ve stayed away from silicones but i looked and my detangler has Amodimethicone. i may think about getting my hair cut short again."
plentypapaya,dgwv6e,"OK, before I started curly girl, my hair was crazy tangly, to the point that detangling was almost impossible.  My hair was a complete hot mess, and was a nightmare to deal with every day.  My hair is around 2B as well.  So, I will share a few things I learned, and maybe they'll be helpful to you too.  

1.  I used to detangle with silicone based products (stuff like Frizz Ease, etc.).  That used to be the only way I could get the tangles out, and the only way I could get a brush through my hair.  I figured out- the hard way- that that stuff was WRECKING my hair long-term.  So, my first suggestion is to get rid of all the -cones in your hair routine.  A lot of the detanglers on the market have silicones in them, which are going to cause a lot of problems long term.  
2. I had a lot of success at first with jojoba oil.  I put it in a spray bottle, and kept it in my shower.  I would use about 6 sprays (my hair was super long) on freshly washed/conditioned hair, and it would be evenly distributed by towel-drying.  That stuff was magic at getting my hair less tangly and frizzy, and letting me actually brush through it.  If you aren't interested in curly girl, then I'd HIGHLY recommend you replace your silicone-based products with jojoba oil.  
3. When I switched to curly girl, that did a lot towards making my hair manageable.  I currently comb through my wet hair, with conditioner on it, in the shower.  I NEVER imagined I'd ever be able to get a comb through my hair under any circumstance.  But I now have NO issues with tangles or frizz.   My hair is in much better condition, and that has made a huge difference.  I no longer need the jojoba oil, or any detangler really.  Other CG techniques I use are sleeping on a silky pillowcase, using a microfiber towel, never brushing dry hair, and avoiding touching my hair during the day.  
4. I have tried nearly every single detangler on the market over the years.  The one I feel actually works well for adults is Hawaiian Silky 14-in-1 (available at Sally Beauty Supply).  

Hopefully something is helpful to you.  Your post brought back memories of hair struggles that I haven't thought of in a long time.&&&OK, one more thing.  I just checked out your picture, and I can see that your hair is quite dry.  I would also recommend using a leave-in condition, in addition to your regular conditioner, just on the ends, and squished in.  I like the As I Am leave-in on my 2B hair."
telephonecallsme,dgwv6e,"Do you sleep with your covered? If not, you need to start sleeping with a silk bonnet every night. And, slowly change your schedule to washing somewhere between 1-3 times a week."
ElsieBeing,dfsqhn,"Yes, embrace the floof!"
Supersox22,dfsqhn,"I really think poofy is a bonified look, haters be damned.&&&&&&Thank you!"
biwei,dfsqhn,Me too! Love it!
Supersox22,df2ccj,"Is that just wavemaker, or do you combine it with any other product? Apply in the shower when soaking wet or after towel dry? Routine please! My hair was beautiful when I first started but now even though it still curls it's so frizzy. I think I must need a carlifier or something."
coolerversionofmyslf,df2ccj,"Is there anything comparable to Devacurl Wavemaker? It's my holy grail but it's expensive.&&&&&&Routine

Wash with Love & Planet or NYM curl talk
Squish to condish with Love & Planet
Squeeze a good amount of water out of my hair
Apply Wavemaker with praying hands and scrunch/pulse it in
Apply Herbal essence mousse the same way
Apply gel with praying hands and scrunch
Use a microfiber towel to squeeze out extra water and product
Diffuse until dry
SOTC

Wavemaker is the only thing that gives me so much definition, I wish I could find something cheaper that works similarly, but no luck yet."
dontsaythatvizzini,df2ccj,Thanks. Beautiful hair
