index,id,comments
AuroraBlue6,dxfe3h,What did the doctor say? I would recommend following the advice your medical professions  gave you about your vitamin deficiency and see if that helps your hair.
ksherman583,dxfe3h,"Iron deficiency will make you lose hair- I had severe anemia for a long time and lost all  eyebrows, eyelashes and body hair too. Did your doc recommend treatment?"
ljubavanedjir,dxfe3h,"I am also 2a/2b, also loosing a LOT of hair, I also have anemia and vit D deficiency! I am taking biotin but it doesn't help like it used to. I am in the middle of figuring out what's wrong with me, maybe my experience will help.

So far I know that my heart palpitations probably come from anemia, and that anemia and depression probably come from something being wrong with my intestines. I also discovered I have some kind of immunodeficiency. I am in the process of being diagnosed, and I really hope everything will fall in its place and once I have a diagnose, I will change my diet and all will be well with my body again."
trashley79,dxfe3h,"Advice for making my 2a/2b hair thicker&&& A while ago i began to realize a significant increase in the amount of hair that i lost in the shower. I took a blood test and found out i had a vitamin d and iron deficiency. Ive recently noticed my hair is extremely thin and i was wondering how to to treat this and make my hair thicker. Any ideas? thanks :)

Edit: so to clarify I am taking both an Iron supplement and a Vitamin D supplement but haven’t noticed a decrease in the amount of hair I am shedding.&&&I’ve been taking supplements for around 2 months but my hair hasn’t gone back to the thickness it once was. I might just have to wait a little longer as well as go to the doctor to make sure my levels are on track.&&&Hopefully everything goes well!

How did the biotin work for you?"
Watergirl6,dx02j0,"Newbie&&&&&&My hair has always been the type where I throw in a bunch of leave in conditioner and brush it, and then it is just straight and thick.  I have waves and definitive curls even in some spots on the underside. 

I decided to try this whole curly girl stuff, and seems like maybe i do have wavy hair.  Is it possible to get this much wave otherwise? 

Do i go for it, get a curly cut, keep using product? I need gel for sure to keep from falling flat after day 1. This is my hair on day 2 with a long all one layer hair cut."
feistylexie13,dx02j0,Wavy hair is pretty delicate when it comes to products. Mousse or gel is a must. I’d watch out using too much leave in. It will drag your hair down if you use too much.
JeTaime1987,dwbsdr,"Do you clarify periodically? You might need to wash your hair more often. 

I get that problem and I will use a gentle shampoo every day and the. Clarify 1-2x a month."
didusayday6,dwbsdr,"i would suggest maybe using head and shoulders or any anti dandruff shampoo once a week or every other wash day,, i tend to have the same problem but i have two different wash routines. i shampoo with head and shoulders one day and a gentle shampoo with no sulfates the other wash day. for the greasy scalp, avoid putting any product (leave-ins, conditioners, gel) at or near the root. try to apply product from ears to ends. wavy hair gets weighed down so easily... so i use these methods for my hair. hope this helps!!"
n3rua1,dwbsdr,"Hating my hair&&&I love having wavy hair....when my hair wants to look nice. My hair always seems to look greasy on the roots, but has dandruff??? The ONLY products I use in my hair would be Maui Moisture Lightweight Shampoo and Conditioner. I wash my hair twice a week. I also really try to steer away from using dry shampoo or any types of leave in products because I don’t like feeling like I have product in my hair. 
Does anyone have any recommendations?&&&So to clarify I should use a gentle shampoo that contains sulfates?&&&Thank you 😊"
Raluc,duywec,"Best with salty hair?&&&My hair is thin, wavy 2b-2c. Every time I got to the beach my hair is way prettier when air dried. I thought salt was bad for the hair. How do I get this in my everyday? Does it happen to everyone?"
