index,id,comments
TheCuntCake,earr6s,"That happened to me. I had poker straight hair all my life, then I had a health crisis that caused it to fall out & when it came back... well, I’ve got 2b/c waves! 

It’s taken me a long time to figure it out. I’ve been doing the Curly Girl method for 15 months & my progress is amazing, but I still struggle some days. Its hard to get past my straight hair mentality where using more than a tiny bit of hair product would weigh me down & look greasy. 

Read everything, try different products, and watch YouTube tutorials. I ended up paying $100 to take an online course taught by a stylist who specializes in wavy/curly hair. I don’t use all of the methods he taught, but what I learned was still invaluable! 

Start off with Lorraine Massey’s Curly Girl book & go from there."
bklynamyra,earr6s,"Okay. This is a long journey that’s gonna need more research than we can comment. Start researching the curly girl method. It’s intense and there’s sooo much info but a good start is getting a silicone and sulfate free shampoo and conditioner. Check to make sure all your products are CGM (curly girl method) approved. You can check by just googling “is xxx cgm approved” and can find databases that tell you. Dry your hair with a tshirt or microfiber cloth instead of a towel to reduce frizz and get some good products. Jessiecurl is my favorite line, but there’s plenty out there. I’d scroll through this subreddit if I were you and check out what other waives suggest. Welcome to the wavy club and good luck!"
jessicag71684,earr6s,"Went from pin straight to wavy almost overnight! Help! I’m new to this life!&&&&&&My hair has always been pin straight-no flat iron necessary. I have paid good money to get wavy hair. I’m not mad about this, I’m ecstatic! Due to hormonal changes (I think it’s early menopause) I started to notice my hair getting frizzy and requires a flat iron to straighten. I decided to let it air dry with some sea salt spray and this was the result!! I just don’t know how to style, if I need a specific haircut for wavy hair? Certain styling products? I need all the help I can get.&&&Thank you all for all the replies! Would you guys say it’s more 2a-2b hair? It’s extremely fine and low porosity I’ve learned from studying all day. Takes HOURS to air dry. Is this a normal thing to happen? Literally just a few weeks ago it was straight, maybe some frizz but still straight. Thanks again."
read_whine,earr6s,"Same story here. I eased into the curly girl method and couldn't believe the waviness. I'm about to go full cgm. It's a steep learning curve. If you figure out day 2+ hair, lemme know."
Bumblebbutt,e8o808,"Okay so this may not work for you but I do a castor oil hair mask (1/3 castor 2/3 coconut oil - warmed) I apply it to my roots and leave it for 30 mins or so then I wash out as normal. 

This helps my hair grow a tiny bit more than usual but it’s not a quick fix! You need to be patient but if you’re growing it out anyway you could give it a go! 

I’ve also found that protein treatment slows down my split ends massively!! I just have a protein leave in and it’s been a life saver (I dye my hair) this may allow you to extend the cut to 3 months?"
LzzrdWzzrd,e8o808,"Growing Layers&&&Hiya. I had layers cut into my hair because I finally figured out that my hair isn't thick, it's fine to medium, I just have an inhuman quantity of it. Problem is, the first layer was cut a bit short. When its wet the top layer is only 3 inches above the bottom layer but because my top layer is 2B-2C and my bottom layer is 2A it looks a bit silly dry. I'm trying to grow my hair (all my layers incidentally) but especially the top layer so it's only 2 inches above the bottom layer when it's wet. How often should I get it cut? I look after my hair a LOT, but if I push my haircut to every 3 months I start to get a real problem with dry and split ends. But my hair grows slowly so if I got a trim every 6-8 weeks it would never grow!!

Cross posted to r/femalehairadvice&&&Protein makes my hair feel so dry and crunchy! I have high porosity thinish but dense hair with greasy roots and the rest struggles to retain moisture and is very easily weighed down. I don't think my roots need any more oil!&&&But my layers are cut at an angle. I cant trim them myself without completely ruining the shape. They are not blunt ends."
daphuqijusee,e8o808,"Try oiling the ends...

I rub a lil bit in my hands and kinda just 'dip' my tips into palms so the ends are nice and coated  it helps massively.

My favorite oils are hemp seed and rosehip seed oils but you can use whichever one your hair likes...

Also, dusting your ends yourself is a great way to get rid of split ends while keeping the length as well as saving time and money at the salon.  If you don't have proper hair scissors then I find that nail clippers work quite well (but I'd suggest maybe buying a new pair specifically for the purpose so they are nice and sharp).  Also nail clippers give a straighter edge than scissors (in my experience) and I don't need to worry about accidentally lopping off hairs that don't need to be trimmed so they're easier to control."
dqualle,e8fhsy,"Day 3 after refresh - aloe vera gel is the only product I use&&&&&&I use perfect hair day shampoo/conditioner. Immediately out of shower I put a generous amount of aloe vera gel in hair and wrap on top of head with microfiber towel. After I'm finished getting ready, take out of towel, add a bit more aloe gel and scrunch with hand then scrunch with towel. Air dry completely, then scrunch to remove crunch. Every day I don't wash (go about 3 days) I mist hair and add a bit more gel and hand scrunch, towel scrunch, dry completely, then scrunch the crunch. That's it!"
