index,id,comments
Aretha,db84y9,"The lus brand shampoo, conditioner, and wavy formula leave in"
Knifekitter,db84y9,"Current routine is super inexpensive and very fruity:

As I am Coconut Cowash- silky feel, others I've tried are a little too greasy! 

Garnier Ultimate Blends Nourishing Hair Food Banana (what a name)- fantastic leave-in, can use as a cowash too! The smell is amazing and stays in. 

Cantu Shea Butter Define and Shine Custard- don't use gel often because high porosity/grease is my biggest problem, but this one works without weighing me down. Also smells like a pina colada?! 

Purifying + Charcoal Detox Shampoo- strips out EVERYTHING (including dye sadly), works amazing on build-up

I cowash and comb, scrunch in my leave-in, microfibre towel for  excess water and then finally air dry. Once fully dry I also scrunch in leave-in with a little water for my stubborn ends :)"
Noroeste,db84y9,"I’ll probably be in the minority here but my ride-or-die products are Aussie Sprunch and Aussie Instant Freeze hairsprays. I’ve been using it for years, it’s impossible to over-apply, smells great and works with my texture whether I’m applying to damp or dry hair."
dreamsmarter,db84y9,Kinky curly knot today and aussie instant freeze.
ihearttortillasoup,db84y9,"Clean- Not Your Mother’s Blue Sea Kale Shampoo 
Conditioner -  Not Your Mother’s Blue Sea Kale Conditioner
Style : Mop Top Curling Custard,
Giovanni LA Hold Gel

Put style products on in that order to wet hair out of shower, if I comb to part it, I re-wet any parts that are combed. This is critical to get waves to clump together in big clumps. 
Plop with t-shirt to remove excess moisture and product. 
Let air dry and/or use a diffuser on low. 
Scrunch the crunch.

Once a month I use shampoo with sulfate to remove build up. Just cheap V05. 

Edit: I have 2A super fine, low porosity so I can’t use anything heavy. Also added shampoo and conditioner to my list. Added more info about steps.&&&Wait until it dries and then use hands to break up the “cast” makes beautiful waves"
myluckyshirt,db84y9,I love Aussie conditioner and instant freeze gel. I might need to try the sprunch one!
prag1019,db84y9,NYM green apple butter masque and Shea Moisture’s Manuka honey and yogurt hydrate and repair protein treatment changed my life. Deep conditioning is so important.
vuosaari,db84y9,"Name your all time best wavy hair products&&&&&&What does scrunch the crunch mean?&&&Wow there are so many products I gotta try now. This is so new to me, I don't do much with my hair, this is so inspiring the routine you're doing. I should get myself together also."
