index,id,comments
Ilovegarlicbread101,du6wyn,"Recently just found out my hair was wavy. (I'm thinking 2A) Any product recommendations?&&&&&&Surprisingly my hair is never frizzy. And I'm fairly happy with it I just need some products that will replace the aloe vera gel I'm currently using. So something that will give my hair definition, hold, and definitely some volume to my hair.&&&Yes, I have been doing the CGM method. Well, a modified version lol. Kirkland brand stuff and aloe vera gel. And probably a little bit of both. And I've been meaning to a get a diffuser to see if that would help. Also thanks for the recommendations! The only other problems I have is that my hair gets greasy super fast and sometimes I have no volume to my hair."
ItGirl66,du6wyn,"To be honest, you already have what everyone else is trying to achieve: soft, smooth, frizz-free waves/curls. This picture is my dream hair as another wavy. 

If you aren’t happy with your hair, what exactly are you trying to improve? That way I could make specific product recommendations."
LaneyLuv,du6wyn,"Do you do the curly girl method? 
What kind or results are you looking for? Hold, definition, etc? You’re hair does look lovely as it is 🙂
I am 2a-2b and use the V05 conditioners (I like the strawberry one) because they’re so light weight and never weigh down my hair. If I want a little hold I like AG:Recoil, which is more of a curl cream, or Deva Curl Wave maker which is a little heavier than Recoil. I’ve heard great things about Miss jessie’s and Jessicurl products for wavy hair but haven’t tried them yet. I really like using Herbal Essence’s mousses to add a little hold so my waves to go flat. You might look up and try the plopping or squish-to-condish methods, as those can be helpful to encourage waves. Diffusing helps encourage waves too, if you are okay with using heat. There’s also nothing wrong with braid waves! So sometimes I just braid my hair after putting a little curl cream in it and it comes out lovely. Best of luck 😃"
