index,id,comments
Supersox22,d18t55,"Looks lightly wavy. Can be hard to tell from one picture though. Depending on what I do with my hair, it can go from being almost straight to a 2b/c type. I kinda already knew this though because there were plenty of times I'd go to bed with wet hair and wake up with a mop of curls. Curly girl method just taught me how to make it happen on purpose."
TifJD,d18t55,"2A, welcome to the wavies!"
WeAreStarless,d18t55,straight/wavy
gg1780,d18t55,Can anyone tell my what type of hair I have? Is it wavy or curly? I really don’t know much here.&&&&&&Oddly enough when I was little my hair has very straight. Like Asian hair straight but it started getting wavy as I got older. It gets wavyer if I let it air dry or sleep when it’s still a little damp.
cosetteculver,czomya,I always hated my hair growing up and straightened it everyday for about 5 years. Now I’m desperate to have a hair care routine but have no clue where to start. Any ideas? I would definitely want my waves evened out if it’s an easy-ish fix.&&&
merebat,czomya,"Your hair is really long and pretty! It’s awesome that you want to bring out your waves! I have a couple of questions though. How long has it been since you stopped using heat on your hair? And is your hair cut in layers? If you have damage then the first step would be to cut off a good chunk to get a new start. And another thing is that you do not want to use heat on your hair. There is honestly a ton of stuff that goes with properly taking care of wavy/curly hair. It takes experimenting and time. I just found out about the curly girl stuff around a year ago, but my hair looks much better after slowly embracing the it. 

If you are interested in embracing your waves then you might want to try the curly girl method, too!"
texgal1,czomya,"I was in the same situation a few months ago. My hair is mid-length and curly/wavy. I stopped using a flat iron and no longer blow dry my hair although I will be investing in a diffuser attachment for the winter. I found an OTC cream and mousse that works with my hair and helps the curls come out. Without this, my hair is frizz city. I did use bobbi pins to tie my hair up in stylish ways until I got a haircut. Otherwise my hair looked like a triangle.  I then got a haircut with a stylist who has curly hair and knows how to cut hair for curls. Since then, my curls are softer and my hair dries nicely on its own. I still use the OTC products as well. Oh and I use a good shampoo and conditioner from Purology. Hope this helps."
mercurys-daughter,czgf9x,"Try the CGM beginner routine for a while, and try diffusing to help bring out the top layer waves"
spliiff,czgf9x,"I need real and specific hair care advice&&&Sooooo I think I have type 2A hair(?) But i dont knkw how to care for it. I didnt start seeing waves in my hair up until a few years ago. Besides that, ive always had long and straight hair. The pictures i want to show u guys are how my hair looks when its fresh and dry after the shower,without being brushed or oiled. Thats when its waviest. But my waves and spirals are mostly underneath my hair. Because I don't know how to care for my hair and don't know what my hair type is, I usually just put my hair in braids . But i want to be able to wear my natural hair without feeling like a crack head lol. Please helpppp"
Lil_Pichu26,czb0mq,What do you put in your hair ?
priinglzz,czb0mq,Are these curls or waves?&&&
spliiff,czb0mq,"Im guessing 3a curls, they spiral and coil so theyre not waves"
FunfettiSpaghetti17,cykaut,"The longer I use the cgm the wavier I get! I’m still having problems on one side of my head though lol&&&&&&My hair never did the super oily thing. I think it was because I slowly transitioned over time. I used the renpure tea tree and lemon sage shampoo (no sulfates, but it has silicone) for a while before I switched to a (what I assume is ) cgm approved shampoo. Now I’m using garnier fructis curl nourish shampoo and conditioner. I use the totally twisted mouse by herbal essences and the garnier fructis defining smoothie. I also use the tousling spray gel by herbal essences (this may not be cgm approved) it is lighter than reguar gel, so my curls and waves bounced up. If you are on the fence, the garnier and herbal essences stuff is really inexpensive and easy to find so I fully recommend them because they also weren’t to heavy in my fine wavy hair. :)"
evergreenstategirl,cykaut,Looks fantastic! Your hair looks similar to mine- did you have issues with your hair being super oily when you first started using CGM? I’m working up the courage to take the plunge and use CGM
