index,id,comments
JeTaime1987,co466v,Maybe try the new Redken Nature and Science line. If Deva Curl didn’t work for you then I’d recommend avoiding protein in your shampoos and conditioners. Protein overload can cause dry straw like hair.
MmeMalarkey,co466v,Living proof anti frizz conditioner and their 5-in-1 styling cream.
OliviaLivLivvie,co466v,"So, I have dry scalp, possibly scalp psoriasis type skin, but dry, course hair that just looks weighed down and gross if I only use coconut oil shampoo. So this has what I have been doing for the past couple days with pretty good results so far. 🤞🏻

1st shampoo - Shea MoistureCoconut & Hibiscus Curl & Shine Shampoo - Wash at scalp only as much as possible. I take small amounts and go in from underneath my hairline.

2nd shampoo - Deva Curl Low Poo Delight or Deva Curl No Poo Decadence - I use that at the ends of my hair and tilt my head in the direction of my hair to try to avoid my scalp as much as possible but get the rest of my hair. 

Condition - Deva Curl One Condition Delight - at the ends of my hair, working my way up. 

Treatment - Shea Moisture Sugarcane Extract & Meadowfoam Seed Silicone Free Miracle Styler Leave-in Treatment

I have yet to find a gel that I really like as the ones I have used just leave me with the wet look and no volume. 

So far my hair looks and feels great! I’m currently trying to train my wave to go in the opposite direction around my face so I am using a small round brush and drying it about 90%.

Hope that helps! And I hope this continues to work for me!"
Sarcastenach,co466v,"Ugh, yes! I got a sample of some deva gel at my salon and my hair has never felt so straw-like and tangly in my life!

I haven't tried a ton of products, but my current acceptable option is the herbal essences totally twisted mousse. Lends just enough of that product-y structure to coax out some texture and prevent poofing, but feels soft and clean enough that I'm not immediately itching to wash it out. In fact I can typically rock it for like 4 days, I just add AG dry lift to my roots after a day or two to enhance the purposefully messy look."
Slimesail1417,co466v,I have 2b hair and use homemade flaxseed gel. It gives my hair a soft hold and doesn’t look or feel greasy; it usually feels really soft.
b3achyk33n,co466v,"Product recs that don’t make hair look dirty or dry&&&I really want to embrace my non-straight hair, which is mostly 2A with a smattering of 2B on the underneath 1/3... so that’s frustrating in and of itself- 

But it seems like all the products I try all seem to make my hair look either dirty or dry as hell. (Sorry, Deva, I really wanted to make it work, I swear!)

My workplace is a professional setting, and I can’t afford to look unkempt.

What products do you use to keep your waves feeling clean, soft, and beautiful on a daily basis?"
dontsaythatvizzini,co466v,"Bounce curl light cream gel. Nothing better. Dc light does not feel sticky or dry but not great hold.  I am a 2a/b. Oidad SCC is a close second but does create build up pretty quickly. I have tried and doesn’t work for me: jessicurl spiralicious, mop top curl custard, dc ultra defining, curls blueberry bliss, Aussie instant freeze. What I love to pair with bounce curl: dc styling cream and b’leave in."
frizzybunny,co466v,"I feel you so much, I keep asking this but not getting any replies. Everything either weighs down my hair and makes it greasy or makes it fluffy and dry. SOS. I was tempted to try DevaCurl, what products didn't you like from them?"
ihearttortillasoup,co466v,"I have 2A swavy hair. I use Blue Sea Kale by Not Your Mother’s shampoo and conditioner every day or every other day as I have greasy low porosity hair. I put on MopTop Curling Custard on dripping wet hair and Giovanni LA Hold Gel. I grab a t-shirt and plop to get extra moisture and product out. If I have time I use a diffuser to get it drier, only on low. If not I let it air dry. Once it’s dry I scrunch out the crunch. My hair is wavy, soft, and silky. I get way better body to my hair then when I tried to blow dry it straight. I did try Shea Moisture Pick Me up Lite Masque but weighed down my hair. I’m best with the NYM conditioner I listed above. I hope this helps."
randojpg,co466v,As I Am Leave In Conditioner!! My hair is easily weighed down and leave ins have always made my hair feel weirdly dry but this one is a lifesaver! My hair feels moisturized and my curls stay intact for two days. CG approved :)
smttnkttnmttns,co466v,"Responding to your comment instead of directly to thread in case this helps inform your decision to try DevaCurl!

I have swavy hair and I actually like/use DC.  My hair liked the low poo delight (marketed toward wavies) shampoo but HATED the conditioner, so I decided to try the no poo original set (marketed toward curlies) and my hair loves both the shampoo and conditioner.  I do clarify once every 1.5-2ish weeks though for any buildup issues.  The delight conditioner was the only one that didn’t leave my hair feeling silky- it made it very dry and tangled.

I’m curious OP, which one did you try??"
youngk2,co466v,I’m just starting out but will be returning my divacurl conditioner 1st  2 ingredients = water and alcohol! I loved keratease green strength building line when I was going for straight strong healthy hair so I’m going yo be looking into their curl line. I still have diva wave maker style cream and haven’t been that impressed with the results.
13misfit,cn7t5f,"I’m in exactly the same boat. I’ve also noticed my hair is softer, more manageable and way less frizzy when I use LESS product. Like almost no product. Just a deep conditioner beforehand and a little leave in (BioSilk) when it’s dry. No gel. 

I’ve also returned to using silicones. My hair is happier. I can actually comb my hair out easier with them. Without cones it was a tangled dry mess. It took 30 minutes of torture at least to detangle. Now it takes me 1 minute. 

I still rarely shampoo and when I do it’s sulfate free and only the roots. What a difference for me. I’m now embracing the waves. 

It’s funny when I realized my hair is wavy... not curly, I now have these big luminous waves and large curls. I could never achieve that with CG. I guess we are all different...and have to do what works for us."
ElsieBeing,cn7t5f,"I feel like silicones in moderation are not at all the Big Bad they're made out to be. I didn't use much before anyway. Tried cutting them out, it didn't go great, so now I just use a clarifying shampoo once or twice a month. Ain't no big thing.&&&It takes SO. MUCH. TIME. And it's so easy to pick a product that's all wrong because it's designed for big curly hair that needs some weighty product. I just want to whoop the frizz's butt without losing the volume and the wave. And yeah. The time factor. I tried the CGM experiment, but spending that much time messing with my hair just made me feel like I was losing too much quality time with FH."
Iridal05,cn7t5f,"With waves though, how does brushing work?  It's almost straight so it feels like I should brush even when dry, but to keep a wave or curl you can't... and then it just feels tangled."
JeTaime1987,cn7t5f,"I’ve modified mine too. I use the new Redken Nature and Science line. The shampoo has low sulfates in it. Helps to keep my scalp dandruff free. Then I have a bottle of water with a little bit of conditioner that I spray while applying a small amount of gel. (Can go more in depth if you want me too) I plop and it takes way less time to air dry. I just can’t deal with the whole waiting around for 4 hours thing. My hair also stays way more curlier with less product in. I think I’m a 2C now. Was a 2a-2b. Been doing it since January. Periodically, I do wear my hair straight. I’m trying to find a way to use CGM and style my hair straight but I haven’t come across anything I like so far."
Knifekitter,cn7t5f,"Totally agreed! I found some amazing products after obsessive days of research and scrunching has definitely gotten my waves looking healthy again--but I'm finding it pretty high maintenance. Using more than 3 products max  (particularly gel even on wet hair and even after scrunching out the cast) just makes my hair gross and greasy after day 1. And after buying a diffuser to save some time and have curler curls, I realised its actually not much faster and it's not as nice as the waves from what I was doing before- plopping overnight and air-dry in the morning.

Lesson learned, I think taking what you want from CGM and throwing it into your normal routine works best!"
RubyVTer,cn7t5f,"I’m sticking with the product ingredient parameters because I’ve seen such an improvement in 4 months, but I have a simplified routine that doesn’t require SOTC for days I may need to be out and about before drying/diffusing. Granted, there’s no way I could have NOT had a cast at first without the results being a poofy mess, so I’m glad for that! 

So I guess focusing on hair health rather than maximizing curl is now my modus operandi."
Wavesbye,cn7t5f,The first month was bothersome. Now I’ve simplified my routine and am just content that my hair looks and feels healthier than it was before than when I was forcing it to act like straight hair or tousling it into a mess. All I needed was some non-damaging rinse some gel and a scrunch of microfiber cloth at the end. The rest of cg was just unnecessary and a hassle for me for only slight improvement.
ani_ram,cn7t5f,"I relate to all this so hard, especially touching up some of the waves with a curling iron. I used to do it but it’s such a big NO in the CGM community that I stopped. I really want to start again. With heat protection I feel like it might be ok.&&&I’ve been CG for 2 months and I’m starting to realise it may not be for me. I have 2a/b hair with some 2c in the bottom layer. I was hoping to “magically” have 2c all over with CG... but my hair looks WORSE from cowashing, it’s limp and weighed down and it seems to get dirty much faster.

I want so bad to have beautiful curls from the roots, but that’s not going to happen. I think I’m going to step away from CG too. Thanks for posting this, it’s good to know others are in the same boat."
anonymity_anonymous,cn7t5f,"I’m still doing a lot of it, but I’m not doing sulfate-Free anymore. That was weighing it down."
graceabigail04,cn7t5f,"From what you’ve described I think we have to same hair type. I’ve been doing the curly girl method for a year now, and when I first started I was in your spot. Honestly part of the fun was obsessing and researching, but after awhile you learn what works for your hair whether it’s CG approved or not. And my hair has gotten way more curly, and is still improving. I never expected the results I’ve gotten. Also, when I started I spent hours on my hair, refreshed everyday, and had a washday. Now my routine is very short I don’t even think about it, and I wash my hair when I feel like it. Just my thoughts hope they helped."
hamsterwaffles,cn7t5f,"Absolutely same boat. The CGM took so much of my time to look just okay. I obsessively researched all the conflicting advice on the Internet. All the conditioning and product weighed down my hair and it looked greasy and dirty after only 24 hours. My bathroom cabinet was a graveyard of expensive products as I kept looking for that holy grail that would somehow transform my 2a/2b hair into something that it would never be. 

Now I use the “forbidden” products again, no gel or mousse, air dry, and touch up a few wayward waves with a curling iron. I spend a fraction of the time, and it looks twice as good."
pipermick,cn7t5f,"Taking half a step back from CGM&&&So I haven't been doing CGM very long, but I'm already seeing how time consuming it could be and how I already started having to plan so much time around my hair (when to wash/not wash, air drying for a long time, having to look weird until I can SOTC). I also know I can get obsessive about things and have been spending a lot of time on here and YouTube researching, constantly reading that *this* is the proper way to do something, no wait *this* is, and it's a lot of time consumed on just my hair.

I realized that although I can make my wavy hair look curly, it doesn't hold the full curl as long, my hair gets gross looking quicker and I'm a very wavy leaning towards a couple curls rather than completely curly and that's ok. 

CGM is great in the sense that it is/has taught me a lot about how to take care of my hair better and taught me a few good tricks but I think I'm going to tone it down and accept my waves instead of trying to force my hair to be full curl and then be afraid of wind or people touching my hair or even being afraid of products that aren't CG approved but do work for my hair as long as I do a clarifying cleanse sometimes.

Anyone else ever feel this way?&&&It's funny how we try so hard to force what we don't have instead of embracing the heart of the whole CG movement, which was embracing what our hair is naturally! I forgot that the whole reason I started looking in to the CG method was to improve my hair health and my waves, not to have ringlets but somehow seeing all these people and what I ""might"" be able to get my hair to do made me forget about embracing what I am/what I have.&&&I'm so glad it's not just me. I feel like my hair is so weighed down when I try to be strict CG. Last night after a hike I just ran water through my hair and a little Moroccan oil in my hair (since I planned to actually wash it today) and it's so soft and fluffy and has some fun waves. That's what made me think maybe I'm trying too hard with being 💯 CG. It's all learning.&&&I think what you are describing is more the modified approach I'm going to take, with the addition of using a couple products my hair used to love that have some silicone (gasp) in them. Now that I know about clarifying washes and deep conditioner in not so worried about using those since I know they worked.

I have pretty short hair and I will say today I have WAY more volume than when u was weighing it down with product. I just need to learn the balance like it sounds like you did!&&&I've been wondering if that is some of my problem. My hair has volume normally but with the no sulfates and all that it hasn't had or kept the volume.&&&This is some great info!&&&For me personally, that is something I've taken from the CGM, I still like using a wide tooth comb. But I also have short hair so I many have to adjust that when it's longer but for now that's what I do"
snowchel,cn7t5f,"Yes! I was doing it all regularly and now, I'm probably doing it 2/3 to half of the time. I'm still using the same shampoo and conditioner. I have noticed my hair seeming greasy faster. Also, I drive a convertible, LOL, so that erases the waves/curls fast. I do love the waves/curls when I do it, though."
Cissycat12,cmtav7,"Similar cut and texture, with rosacea-related skin sensitivity that limits my hair product usage. I use an Aquis towel to squeeze as much water as possible from my roots to develop volume without using a blow dryer. Any wayward layer ends I scrunch and twist into shape. If the ends STILL stick out, I use a hot air brush and gently twist the ends. A blast of low heat air encourages the ends to go the direction I want. I then let the ends air dry the rest of the way."
MasterAqua,cmtav7,"Help with a low-maintenance hairstyle?&&&Hey all! New to the sub, hopefully fellow wavies can help. I'm almost certainly 2a, and I have fine, high-porosity hair (I think: it takes a million years to dry; I think if I soaked it and walked into a desert, I could survive off it like a camel). My hair tends to get flat over the course of the day, and I have a... weird-shaped head, so I always try to give a ton of volume and shape to my bangs (which have to cover my large forehead, so length is always battling with volume).

The problem is this: I'm going for [this style (with a bit more volume in the front),](https://i.imgur.com/pNREPYN.jpg) and I think I've got the cut right, but my hair has a natural tendency to **literally flip out.** In the sense that it's flipping away from my face instead of waving neatly along my head. So I end up looking [like this.](https://i.imgur.com/P8OZFXU.png) Plus the flipping gives a weird flatness on the sides of my head and accentuates my cone-headedness.

I usually solve this by blow-drying with a round brush and trying to curl it inward, but that inevitable straightens my hair out and I lose my natural waviness and any volume over the course of a few hours. Any suggestions? I don't like the feel of products in my hair, so I'd really appreciate technique advice rather than product ideas (maybe products if you literally can't feel them at all).&&&Thanks for the tip. What's a hot air brush?"
danceycat,cmtav7,"FYI-Most products I use, I can't feel them in my hair unless I've used too much.  That being said,

A friend told me about the [Revlon brush](https://www.amazon.com/Volumizer-szwintec-Negative-Generator-Straightener/dp/B07JCM7N1N/ref=asc_df_B07JCM7N1N/?tag=hyprod-20&linkCode=df0&hvadid=312112161255&hvpos=1o2&hvnetw=g&hvrand=1856905970679299985&hvpone=&hvptwo=&hvqmt=&hvdev=c&hvdvcmdl=&hvlocint=&hvlocphy=9061124&hvtargid=pla-598965772962&psc=1) which works well! I can't use a regular round brush and blow dryer (turns out weird when I try), but I can use this! I find it's easier to control. I wonder i that would let you gently guide your waves?  My hair doesn't flip out a whole lot so I can't say it would work for sure!

PS You can get that brush on sale at ulta if you wait or they have similar ones that are cheaper"
randojpg,cmtav7,Probably just wrap your hairs around two fingers and Bobby pin the hair to your head. It’ll create a nice curl or wave depending how long you leave it in.
