index,id,comments
clockwork_musings,cf70c5,After I apply my products but before I apply gel I scrunch my hair with a tshirt to soak up the excess water
menchekia,cf70c5,"I am also a night shower girl.  I get out, apply my products to my soaking wet hair, scrunch the hell out of it, then put it up in my Hair Repear towel (which is a tshirt towel).  I leave it up for a bit, watch some tv, then I take it down.

Now I diffuse mine, to lock in the curls.  I do that until dry & then I sleep with my hair in a buff to protect the curls while I sleep.  SOTC in the AM."
mountainsandmoxie,cf70c5,"When do you use a towel/tshirt?&&&Hello! I'm new to cgm, and I know this is an elementary question, but in looking, it seems assumed and I don't know which way it's assumed...

I'm a night showerer. I've started applying product when my hair is saturated while still in the shower. I then immediately pile it on top of my head and take it down right before bed, but I'm still waking up with slightly damp hair that droops quickly. Am I supposed to be wrapping it with a tshirt or microfiber towel between the shower and bed to dry it a little? Thanks for any thoughts/experiences.&&&I don't have a diffuser, but I've been wondering about getting one. Thanks for the routine ideas!"
LittleBlue91,cdosku,"Sulphate free shampoo.

Silicone free conditioner.

Brush hair with a tangle teaser whilst conditioner is in.

Lots of scrunching.

Scrunch in Cantu's Curl Activator (or other CG approved styler).

Scrunch in home made flaxseed gel (or other CG approved gel).

Clip hair up in layers, adding more gel and finger coiling.

Plop.

Air dry / diffuse.

:)"
RubyVTer,cdosku,"I wrote a post on r/curlyhair [Here’s the post](https://www.reddit.com/r/curlyhair/comments/cdp6rg/best_hair_day_so_far_after_3_months_cgm/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app) 

That sub is great to see what people are doing specifically, because it’s required by the mods; the drawback is that much of the advice may not work for wavies. (I have coarse, high-porosity hair and I can use heavier products — i.e. Shea moisture — than most wavies.)"
Sydeesyd,cdosku,"What is your hair process/routine?&&&I'm sure this has already been asked several times but I haven't seen too much just a straight forward, what is your process?! I'm curious to see what everyone else is doing on a day to day basis.  I only just found out about the curly girl method so I'm looking to change up my routine! My process right now is...

Shampoo  
Condition  
Oil  
Anti Frizz  
Curl Definer  
Air dry"
ambivirgo,cdosku,"Ugh, still working on it. I've been doing CG for maybe a couple of months now, and all I've figured out is that my hair likes protein and I get less frizz and better definition with a bit of weight (but not too much). How best to get that protein and weight into my hair, I'm still figuring out. 

I just switched to DevaCurl's Delight line for low-poo and conditioner, and that immediately and demonstrably made my hair feel significantly improved, but everything else seems very hit and miss. I've been doing this maybe three months, it's a little discouraging, but a lot of people have talked about finding this process frustrating for six months or more so... I'm persisting. 

In the meantime I'm trying to focus on sources that are professional hairdressers and scientists to figure out how flexibly I can approach CG. If my hair is healthy it will always look better than it used to brushed after sulphate washes and a night on regular pillowcases!"
ihearttortillasoup,cdosku,"I have super fine 2A swavy hair that used to be straight. Currently, it’s a bob past my chin. I started this process 4 weeks ago. I have low porosity and have to be very light on conditioner. 

Wash - NYM Blue Sea Kale Shampoo (sulfate free)

Condition- Squish to condish NYM Blue Sea Kale conditioner (leave in while I wash my face and body)

Style - Get out shower, while still really wet I part my hair and smooth it out and scrunch it back up

While still wet I put in MopTop Curl Custard (I love this stuff, alone it makes soft waves)
If I want more definition I add gel, today I tried LA Giovanni Gel

I use t-shirt to plop and get rid of excess water. I don’t start drying until I put style products on. 

I plop for a little and today I defused on warm (not hot) until partly dry and I had the best waves I’ve had yet. 

(I was using Deva Wave maker and LA Sports Gel, it was ok. The deva alone didn’t do anything)

Next thing to try is deep conditioning and possibly clarifying with a sulfate shampoo once every three weeks."
marmaladestripes725,cdosku,"(About once a week do a normal shampoo with Head & Shoulders and follow up by clarifying with Suave Daily Clarify)

Shampoo with NYM Tahitian Gardenia & Mango (the pink bottle)

Body wash and shave

Flip over and comb through Garnier Fructis Pure Clean Aloe Conditioner, then squish 2 condish with same

Get out of the shower and squish out remaining water

Finger comb through Maui Moisture Curl Quench + Coconut Oil

Plop in a Turbie Twist

At the moment, after plopping I’m combing my hair out, braiding it, and going to bed.  I’m working at a day camp outside all day, so I’m not going through the effort of styling and drying to hold the curls.

When I do...

Squish in Tresemmé Mousse

Dry with diffuser upside down

Pineapple overnight"
p0wderedwater,cdosku,Can you explain what you mean by clipping your hair up in layers?
soyboypm,cdosku,"I have waist length wavy hair, so if my hair is clean (not salty from the beach or the pool or a ton of dirt)
1. Condition first (the shampoo can dry out your ends) 
2. Shampoo
3. Condition again 
4. Air dry
5. Comb with thicc tooth comb 
6. Run biosilk hair oil through the ends to keep them from drying out 
7. Spray with heat protectant spray (I usually don’t style my hair with heat anyway but I find it’s nice to smooth it out and protect it from, well, the heat of the sun!)"
vheats,cdosku,"I’m relatively new to CGM too, I’ve been trying it for just over a month now. I’m finding that I have to use LOTS of strong hold gel that provides a good cast in order to have my waves last more than half a day. So far my routine is: 

Wash with low-pop shampoo (I clarify with a gentle clarifying shampoo every other week)
Condition with silicone free conditioner (and deep condition every week/week and a half)
detangle with wet brush at this point, then squish to condish after that
Apply leave-in to dripping wet hair
Apply strong hold gel to dripping wet hair (starting with roping, then squishing/pulsing it in really well), turning my head gently to evenly coat/squish all sides
Then I scrunch gently wth a t shirt to remove excess water, plop for 10-20 mins and diffuse til dry. Usually I shower at night and sleep with it up in a silk scarf, and scrunch the crunch out the next morning. 
This has been giving me great results!! I haven’t dabbled too much with protein... so if anyone has tips on that I’d love to hear them! I have low porosity hair that’s fairly healthy, so I haven’t worried much about it yet."
violet0709,cdosku,"I've been co-washing ever other day except on weekends. On days I don't use conditioner I just rinse my hair out. I have a labor intensive job 4 days of the week so at least rinsing is a must( hair doesn't smell when I just rinse so I'm alright with it). On the weekends I'll put a bit of Ren Pure Keratin and Argan shampoo with their argan oil conditioner to wash. I do that after I swim in the lake (like once a week). Every 2 weeks I'll be deep conditioning ( I love using LA Bang Hair Hydrate me, but I don't think the walmart here sells it anymore). On the days that I co wash my process is as follows:

Condition from roots to tip- squish to condish ( done at the beginning of the shower, rinse at the end)

squish in some Shea Moisture curl enhancing cream

plop on a t shirt for like 10-15 min

air dry- it takes a while to dry so sometimes I sleep with it a bit damp. I just put my hair above my pillow so it's not on my neck.

I'm not an expert, I just started like last month, but I'm definitely getting more definition. My hair gets too heavy if I oil before cream, Idk if I want to oil after cream, but I like it. I try not to use things with alcohol if I can avoid it."
JeTaime1987,cdi0ri,"If you have Instagram check out coffeecurlygirl she has good application tips. 

I use the Redken Nature and Science line. Then, out of the shower I glaze/scrunch product in while applying water with a spray bottle. It’s important when you squish you hear a squelching  noise. If you don’t, your hair isn’t wet enough.  Last product I apply is gel, spray water, scrunch, and then I wet plop for 10 mins. Finish up by scrunching hair with a t-shirt to dry my hair. You can then diffuse or air dry your hair."
dampbroccoli,cdi0ri,"I have the same issue...i always thought my hair was just poofy and frizzy. When i stopped brushing when it was dry and only after showering, i realized there are curls there! Trying to learn more about my hair like you. This looks great though! What is your method?"
myfinalacc,cdi0ri,"First time using the squish to condish method ❤️ Looking for recommendations/tips for beginners&&&&&&I am one of those girls who thought they only had straight frizzy hair. After a big chop on my damaged hair, I noticed my hair is like my mom's (she also doesn't know how to take care of her hair), so now I am looking for tips.


After my hair fully dried it got really frizzy, but it seems to be a normal complain here and the curls didn't set so well (I think it's my fault for still having the urge to touch my hair). I am a bit afraid of using too much products, as some girls do, since my hair is short so it maybe gets too heavy or something. I also wonder if putting so many products at/near your scalp as some do can't cause dandruff?


I only use sulfate and paraben free shampoo and conditioner. What should I add to the list?&&&Thank you for the helpful tips :))"
smttnkttnmttns,cdi0ri,"I love the curls that are starting to form for you!

I’ve started using a gel since transitioning into CGM for my swavy hair, which I used to only put in my hair after heat-straightening it when I was young.  I never realized I could do the same on freshly washed hair!  I find that putting it in while hair is pretty sopping wet and letting that cast before SOTC (scrunching out the crunch) helps with my frizz and definition!  I’ve seen a lot of people on the sub make their own flax seed gel or use aloe vera gel (next on my list), but I tried using DevaCurl Ultra Defining Gel and Miss Jessie’s Jelly Soft Curls Gel.  I get a better cast with Miss Jessie’s!  If scrunching still creates too much frizz for you, I think there’s a method of removing the crunch by using oil or similar to hair afterwards (post-cast)."
