index,id,comments
Mediumnotch,eh00u5,"Bleaching my hair basically killed my waves, through I went from a level 2 to platinum white blonde. Olaplex treatments every week and using products with protein in them helped me!"
Sharkelberryfinn,eh00u5,"You might be able to get away with just using a purple conditioner that's CGM approved. Let it sit on your hair longer so it takes in more of the color. Amika makes silicone-free purple conditioner (but is $$$).  There are lots of good purple conditioners that aren't CGM so that is up to you on how strict you want to be. Pravana is what I use now and Shimmerlights is a just ok, but cheap alternative that I started with. Sally's has a knockoff for even cheaper. The Joico is ok as well.  There are purple shampoos too but very few are sulfate free and almost all are very drying so I would avoid them and just stick to the conditioner.

I would wet my hair out side of the shower, then mix some of the purple conditioner with water and apply it to my head sometimes just slapping it on, but sometimes getting a tint brush and paining. My hair is thick and porous, so the wetting first really helped the product spread. Then I'd let it sit for an hour before I showered. But you can start slow by doing it as your normal conditioner and see how much deposit you're acheiving. 

Some people have had success either using manic panic snow white (for level 10 blonde only) or mixing one of their other purple shades into conditioner for less than level 10 blonde. I have done this a few times and found it was hard to control how it came out each time. For instance, some purples I used faded out to pink, or sometimes I used too much and had purple hair, or sometimes it was not soaking in evenly. But lot of people have found success with this so it's worth experimenting if your lifestyle allows for possibly purplish hair."
SleepyOne123,eh00u5,Olaplex 3 every week has been a game changer for my bleached hair.  Highly recommend.
jewolfin,eh00u5,Bleached Wavy Hair (Help!)&&&hello all! so I'm pretty new to trying to embrace my naturally wavy hair (around 2a or 2b) and I bleached my hair a couple months ago. It was salon done so no need to worry about anything falling out. But since my hair is bleached I need to tone it with purple and I'm not quit sure how to do that along with keeping up my waves. I also tend to have a very dry scalp and get dandruff very easily  Please let me know anything you think will help!
AMillionFreckles,egtv0c,Hair type help- wavy or curly? My top layer waves but underneath is ringlets. I've been doing the curly girl method for almost a month&&&&&&3a Maybe?
jsgcbbfde24643,egtv0c,I'd say more curly than wavy
menchekia,egtv0c,"Your hair looks a lot like mine.  I refer to it as ""curly"" when just in a normal conversation with someone.  I say ""2c/3a"" when on here or having a hardcore hair conversation."
Ducky4504,ef4vbs,"Water, water, water! When I was starting out I tried to put a lot of products on my hair and while my hair was 100x more curly then before, after a few weeks my hair couldn't curl from build up. You can and should use less products and use way more water than you think. Also look into the squish to condish method. If you can try to by quality products, I honestly haven't found anything in stores that have worked with my hair but diva curl and innersensce are my favorites now although a bit pricey. If you don't want to go out and buy a Microfiber towel I use tshirts to plop my hair dry. Also if you don't notice your curls come back right away it's okay! When you damage your hair you can't really ""fix"" it but you can treat the new hair well and encourage the damaged hair to behave better. If the damaged hair really bothers you, you could get a dry haircut to take some of it off. Sorry for the rambling, good luck!"
Streetmamamona,ef4vbs,"I’m 2a/2b/2c and had a really rough time of it in the beginning. What I’ve found works best for me is using diva curl wave maker and diva curl ultra light gel has been my lifesaver, finally got the curls I need. I’m still trying to find that perfect lightweight  conditioner though. I also use very light weight oil like squaline and hemi-squaline"
edgeofchaos183,ef4vbs,Second this! I started CGM and ended up a greaseball. It was way too heavy for my hair. The biggest help was a microfiber towel for just out of the shower and leaving my hair alone instead of fussing with it.
gemushka,ef4vbs,"A lot of CG stuff will not be appropriate if you have fine hair as it will be too heavy and excessively moisturising, which will make it greasy. Make sure you choose lightweight products and personally I would advise against “low poo” or “no poo” as you will just end up with product build up. 

Technique is just as important as products. Make sure you focus on that too."
matchahotpot,ef4vbs,"2A hair types, what products do you recommend? CGM beginner!&&&Jumping onto the curly girl method soon to replenish my unfortunately now straight and damaged hair that was once full of waves.
I have fine, thin hair with low porosity.&&&I actually appreciated the rambling a lot lol, thank you! I’ll be updating with photos of my CG journey soon so I’ll definitely take into account with what you recommend. Products are tricky because most are too heavy for my hair, water always works best for me."
trevorishy,ef4vbs,https://www.curlsbot.com/cg-lite/
