index,id,comments
pissgender,ek8krb,"new year, new haircut&&&&&&happy new year, everyone!

I kicked off 2020 by getting a very belated trim (4 months.......) and layers! I started cgm back in November and my hair was about 3 inches below shoulder length. it was blunt as hell and my hair was weighed down a ton. by the end of day 2 it usually was pretty straight. was getting tired of losing my waves and the breakage from dead hair so I sucked it up and went to a salon. my head's a lot lighter now and my hair is so bouncy! I just got it today so I'll see what day 2 and 3 look like, but rn I'm very optimistic about it. 

pic are of my hair using the same routine, the only difference is my haircut

routine:

- cleanse with as I am coconut cowash, (I would detangle at this step when I had longer hair) rub scalp and ends really well, rinse it all out

- apply leave-in and s2c. I switch it up between as I am coconut, shea moisture strengthen and repair, and Giovanni weightless moisture.

- prayer hands like two quarters amount of kinky curly curl custard and squish some more

- prayer hands a nice dollop of la looks extreme sport gel and squish even more

- plop while I finish the rest of my bath routine (though I don't think this is necessary anymore now that my hair is shorter)

- diffuse"
OliviaLivLivvie,ek4i51,"Deva Curl $29 vs All About Curls $10&&&&&&I found this alternative at Sally’s Beauty Supply and I love it! I use this to help defrizz and give my waves definition. For those of us who prefer budget friendly but still effective, I say give this a try. :)&&&I bought this and the conditioner. I’m not ready for shampoo yet but that will be next. My wallet is so relieved this works! lol&&&There is very little difference in the consistency (it’s less firm but barely) and I haven’t noticed any difference in the hold.&&&Different but not less than. Still pretty to me though.&&&I’ve never tried that product so I’m not sure. Hopefully someone else will have an answer."
lucysprotege,ek4i51,I tried the travel set and I agree! My hair was so bouncy and soft. Love it!
surf-actant,ek4i51,Less smelly than Deva products?
tinyyawns,ek4i51,"Would this be a good alternative to Devacurl’s WaveMaker? I’ve been using WaveMaker for 1.5 months but it’s expensive and now there’s reports of people losing their hair with Devacurl products. So I’m looking for a good, cheaper dupe."
trevorishy,ek4i51,Is the consistency and hold more similar to the supercream or the styling cream?
chibataco,ek0vuk,"Aww, my hair is very similar. I can’t put much on it or it’ll weigh it down. I’ve had luck with a quarter size of Moptop Curling Custard before scrunching it dry with a microfiber towel and a dime size of Giovanni LA Natural styling gel. It’s thick so I thin it out with water so it doesn’t weigh down my curls!"
lizziefulf,ek0vuk,Good ol’ LA looks gel. The blue one. Plus it’s like $2!
theresaketo,ek0vuk,"2B Wavy - Starting to get good hair days&&&&&&Thank you! I’ll try it out for $2 for sure!&&&I am restarting my curly girl routine. I have 3 kids under 5 and there isn’t a ton of time for blow outs and straightening.

Routine: Herbal Essence Bio Renew Blue Ginger & Micellar shampoo & conditioner, plus Shea Moisture Manuka Honey & Yogurt Protein Hair masque (15 minutes). I finished the style with Shea Moisture Curl Enhancing Smoothie and Frizz Free Curl Mousse. 

I am working on finding a gel or something for a little more hold. Any recommendations? 

I thought I had a protein sensitivity when I first started the CGM, but really I needed some protein. I didn’t have very good luck with the Jessie Curl Line. It weighed my hair down and I still had lots of frizz. I’m really liking the She Moisture line and it’s pretty affordable, which is also nice!&&&Good tip! Some gels I’ve tried just kill my hair when I go to SOTC. A little goes a long way for me too. I haven’t tried a custard yet, I’ll have to experiment some more :)"
DieHydroJenOxHide,ejxqs7,"Not OP, but can you say more about your experience with Rezo cuts? I am growing out my hair from a buzz cut and can't tell if it's wavy or curly yet. I'm interested in trying a Rezo cut but all the photos I see online are of people with a different texture from mine. Would love to hear your thoughts if you don't mind!"
TheCuntCake,ejxqs7,See if you can find someone who specializes in curly hair. I get Rezo cuts & love them!
ashiedear,ejxqs7,Layers definitely help to bring out my waves! Helps take some take the weight off so they can curl more. I would also recommend trying out the curly girl method if you haven't! The folks over r/curlyhair are absolutely wonderful people. :)
lalamommy25,ejxqs7,Hair cut for a wavy?&&&Really need a haircut...really want a cut to enhance my wavy hair. My hair is only shoulder length...I was thinking layers cut into it may help the shape? Also terrified that I will somehow lose my waves. Anyone have experience with a wavy shag haircut?&&&I've been following curly girl for about a year... religiously for about 6 months. I haven't had. Trim in a year and I'm getting helmet head hair 😂&&&Wow I just looked up a rezocut and wow. Has it helped your hair tremendously? Those before and after photos are drastic! In a good way! The closest salon to me is 90 miles away.
lilpeachbrat,ejxqs7,"Hey! I have really thick, wavy hair. For most of my life, I’ve had long hair— From waist length, all the way down to my tail bone. A little over year ago I cut it into a long bob, right at my shoulders, and it was the best decision I’d ever made.

Layers definitely help play up waves, and I agree with the other commenter— The curly hair sub is very helpful! We might not have curly hair exactly, but following the curly girl method has also done loads to enhance and maintain my waves."
Pixelline,ejqdoc,"Help needed! I think I have wavy hair, but not sure how to take care of it. This is my hair after Lush “angel hair” shampoo bar and “american cream” bar conditioner, letting it air dry. Brushing before the wash, but not after. Would really appreciate if anyone has any links/products/tips to share!&&&"
TheCanadianRedhead,ejqdoc,"I would recommend looking into the curly girl method! You definitely have wave potential, because your hair looks how mine does without gel and i have type 2a-2b texture."
melzzkn,ejqdoc,"Yess definitely look into the curly girl method! You will need a lot more products (without silicones and sulfates)  and squishing and scrunching out gel will be your best friend:)  I dont follow it 100% but I think I will start it up again too, it really did start to change my hair!"
MakeupDumbAss,ejoqfh,"I’m semi-New at this, but for me it’s a balance between leaving enough conditioner in my hair to keep the frizz down, but rinsing enough out that I still form a gel cast to scrunch out later. 

So if I rinse too much conditioner out I will have a nice gel cast to scrunch out once it dries, but I’ll also have a 3-inch halo of frizz around my head even though my curls & waves are defined very well. 

If I leave in too much conditioner any frizz is quite minimal, but no matter how much gel I use I will barely get a cast to scrunch out later - which actually does set my curls/waves, they are just a bit less defined & a bit looser.  

I get the balance right occassionally :)"
TheCanadianRedhead,ejoqfh,Have you experimented with any hair oils? They could help with the frizz while possibly bypassing any of the issues using too much conditioner causes.
panu7,ejoqfh,"Got my waves under control, but how about they frizz?&&&(Dang reddit: title should say “the frizz”!)

After my kid was born 7 years ago my hair became wavier. I was straightening it but about 6 months I ago decided to try to embrace the waves. I’ve basically gotten it down using some Devacurl products, except for one thing: frizz!

I’ve had grey hair for nearly 20 years but in my youth it was just an awesome streak that behaved like the rest of my hair. Now that I’m older it is spreading and taking on the typical wiry grey traits. I read that gray frizz needs silicone rather than natural oils for control so I bought some Moraccanoil but it isn’t working very well. 

Any tips on product or care? I’m loving my waves but my grey frizz halo is about to send me back to the flat iron! 

TLDR; any tips for controlling grey hair frizz that won’t take away my waves?&&&Right now I'm rinsing my conditioner out in the shower but then putting in a leave-in conditioner. Do you just use conditioner when you wash and no leave-in?

Thanks!&&&Thanks! I'll try this!

Is this the first time you did it? If not, how often do you use one?"
theresaketo,ejoqfh,"Try a hair masque. I recommend the Shea Moisture Manuka Honey & Yogurt Protein mask. But, I think any mask by them or Diva Curl would really help with frizz. I just did it and my hair did a 180!"
