index,id,comments
Emiv2,bqheuc,"How sweet of you to donate your hair! A lot of people have different ideas for how to style wavy hair, but I think most people agree on using conditioner and scrunching your hair(it is easier to find a tutorial for that on YouTube, but you basically flip your hair forward, let the ends of a part of your hair rest in your handpalm&move your hand up to your scalp while squeezing. You can do this in the shower with conditioner, and afterwards for your styling products) .  Finding products that aren't too heavy so that they won't weigh down your hair is a hassle, I like using mousse (since it's a bit faster imo). Shorter hair does seem to have a wave hair since it has less weight dragging it down, and is easier to maintain imo, because it dries faster. People also advice to use a diffuser on your hairdryer if you use one, but I just did that for the first time 30 minutes ago, so can't really advice on that. Good luck!"
Runningwithtoast,bqheuc,"If you’re interested, check out the Curly Girl Method. It can definitely be tweaked to fit your hair’s needs, but can help promote waviness. r/curlyhair is great."
brightlight8,bqheuc,I’m going through the same thing! Your comment really made my day by simplifying things. There’s so much info out there. I bought these same products yesterday.
mishkacopishka,bqheuc,"Apparently I have wavy hair and I didn’t know it&&&Until yesterday I have had over 3 feet of fine hair. It was so long and heavy I honestly always thought I had straight hair. My hair are routine was all about getting moisture into all that hair, keeping it from being frizzy and managing it because long hair gets everywhere. Braids galore. 

Well yesterday for a friend with a tough diagnosis I cut off over half my hair to donate to a organization of her choice. I was floored when the hairdresser told me I actually have wavy hair! Except now I have no idea how to take care of it much less how to manage hair so much shorter! Any advise will help! 

Still feeling naked without all my hair.&&&Thank you so much! I always wondered how I was the only person in my family to have straight hair. I feel silly now that I know. I will definitely try scrunching my hair!! Even when my hair was long everything seemed to weigh it down.&&&Thank you so much!!! I spent way to look in the store looking at hair products I never had to use before!  That and using too much conditioner in the shower on accident from sheer habit. 

I am excited for when I actually get the hang of it and don’t just look like a hot mess."
redwalrus11,bqheuc,"I've been there recently! I found out I have wavy hair a couple of months ago and did extensive research on CG for wavy hair. My hair is softer and wavier than it has ever been before. My routine has a few steps but it seems like nothing once you get the 4 core products together (cleansing shampoo+ gentle poo+ conditioner+gel). 

Sulphate shampoo once a week or two, currently using something by herbal essences. Rest of the time, I use sukin shampoo. 

Scrunch conditioner into hair and brush out tangles. Add a bit more conditioner and scrunch again. Using TRESemme Botanicals aloe and coconut, highly recommended for curly and wavy hair since there is no silicone. 

While still dripping wet, scrunch in either a large dollop of max hold gel without alcohol in it (using VO5) or tresemme beachy waves mist. Then, either scrunch dry with a tshirt, air dry naturally or (as some people do) use a diffuser. 

Best of luck! Highly recommend looking at the beginners guide on the curly hair subreddit and looking up products available in your region."
