index,id,comments
LzzrdWzzrd,claah0,"Am I 2A or 2B waves?? Just cut off half the length so it is holding shape better so I can't quite tell! It doesn't wave in an S, but I wouldn't say it inherently spirals or cools although it does definitely twist in places 🤔&&&"
Mimolaterz,ckq6zz,Got caught in the rain. Uneven and frizzy. But that's me&&&&&&Would love any advice! In having trouble maintaining the waves after the first day. Any tips for sleeping?
pipermick,ckq6zz,I actually kind of love this look
yoyopussycat,ckq6zz,I’ve found that I just have to rewet my hair to refresh in the mornings. I just stick the lower 2/3 of my hair under the sink (leaving scalp dry) and then let it air dry. Usually I’ll add a little extra gel/curl defining creme and finger coil if I have the time.
Stepane7399,ckps9v,Have you tried using the leave in before gel?
catsfor4lyf,ckps9v,I also had thin hair and low iron. I was taking iron supplements for six months and my hairs only started to growing again a couple of months after getting my iron to a healthy level. I’m expecting it to take a couple of years to get back to how it was.
kayzeeee,ckps9v,"Help!! What am I doing wrong? Constant frizz and terrible 2nd day hair :(&&&&&&Have been loosely following CGM for about 2 weeks. Only washed with the clarifying shampo (Paul Mitchell shampoo one) once on the first day. Cowashing every 3 days with treseme botanique conditioner, conditioning with same conditioner, LA looks Extreme Sport gel while hair is still drenched, drying with cotton shirt, plopping with cotton shirt, spraying in Biosilk Miracle 7 Leave In, airdrying, SOTC with cotton shirt. 

My gaps have always been crazy because of my crazy thin hair. Iron a little low but all other bloodwork comes back fine. Have tried iron supplements off and on and see no drastic change. Anyone have ideas for combating this?

EDIT: broken link because I accidentally posted it public 😭 https://imgur.com/a/1ktkQBr"
ani_ram,cjys5t,"Would you mind sharing the refined version that works for you?&&&Your hair looks the same as mine! I’ve been CG for about 2 months and my hair looks exactly the same - limp and stringy. I get some really lovely curls on my bottom layer but my top layer is flat and straight! I’m so frustrated! I’ve been co-washing but I think I might give low poo a try. Gels seem to weigh my hair down, so I’ll try something lighter.

Figuring out your hair porosity might help make your hair happier :)"
free__bird_72,cjys5t,This is the case for me too! I don’t even know what to rule out as my hair looks so awful weighed down and stringy. You described a lot of similarities to my hair- you’d think with thickness we would be able to make it more manageable and enjoyable! Good luck :)
graceabigail04,cjys5t,You should try aussie’s miracle curls co-wash. I find others leaving my hair greasy but this one leaves my hair feeling clean. You just got to be sure to massage it in good before washing it out.
isxmal,cjys5t,I have a similar texture and something that worked for me was using a shampoo without the sulfates and silicones as well as cutting out pretty much all the products that involved heavy oils because they weighed down the waves and made them fall flat
supershywaves,cjys5t,"Really struggling with CGM (will explain in comments) but please could someone confirm my hair type? Thank you and sorry for the awful pic :)&&&&&&I found that co-washing didn’t seem to work for me, which was a shame as when I started it my hair seemed to like it.  It’s so hard to get a routine together!!!&&&Hello everyone :)
I noticed about a year ago that my hair had a wave to it when it was wet, it had never occurred to me before that I had wavy hair.  It makes a lot of sense to me as it’s always been very frizzy when worn straight, and some hairdressers described it as “difficult” because blow dries didn’t last long, and it didn’t seem to hang right when worn straight if that makes sense.
It is damaged as I’ve basically worn my hair in a bun for about fifteen years as it looked so awful down.  It has also been bleached and colour treated due to greys and I have blow dried my hair after each wash (usually every other day) as it takes forever to dry!!!
A lot of the CGM products and techniques seem to weigh my hair down and I cannot get good day 2 hair for love nor money.  It seems to go straight very easily.  Mousses and low poos seem to work well for me as does avoiding Shea and coconut.  I also get on well with Dippity Doo Gelee and Jessicurl. At the moment i diffuse my hair dry as it takes an age to air dry :)
Thank you everyone and good to meet you all :)
Lucy&&&Thank you :)&&&The stringiness is the worst!!!! Thank you"
youmeyoumeus,cjys5t,2b. Looks the same as mine. I use a refined cgm. I had to experiment a lot to find what worked for me.
Lazovaze,cjvj9x,"I was using the same shampoo and conditioner for a while but my scalp was getting very itchy and flaky. I was surprised to find out it was actually from getting too oily. How does your scalp often feel? Is it kind of greasy or oily and itch? If so, I changed to a different sulfate free shampoo that actually cleans my scalp. I’m still trying to figure out what products to use but sadly Devacurl hasn’t been working lately. Also, they are supposed to be water soluble but they definitely don’t come out with just water. Ugh! My scalp feels a lot better the past week. Good luck!"
feistylexie13,cjvj9x,"Dry Scalp! Ah!&&&Hey all! I am currently 2 weeks into CGM. I have been having some issues with dry scalp. 

I use Deva Curl Low Poo once every two or three days. I follow this with squish to condish with Deva Curl One Conditioner. I leave this in and added a quarter-size of Deva Curl Wave Maker and Deva Curl Light Defining Gel. I then squish in around a handful of LA Extreme Sports Gel. I plop for 20 minutes and then put my upper layer in a pineapple so my lower half could dry (I have so much hair on top, it pulls everything down when wet). I drive to work with the heat blasting to dry my hair. Once my hair is 95% dry (three hours later...), I scrunch out the crunch. I have very low porosity hair and a lot of it!

Any suggestions that could help out my scalp but also get my low porosity hair to accept product?

My hair is 2a-2c.&&&My scalp has been feeling very “build up”y lately but I thought that was just from trying new products! I think I may drop that shampoo and conditioner and go with something else. I have been considering the As I Am conditioners. What do you use for shampoo and conditioner?"
