index,id,comments
merryJanelv,edl7ov,2 weeks into waving any tips?&&&
parmaqqay,edl7ov,"Errr, I think you may be looking for a different subreddit"
chickpeamask,ed1igb,Looks like you probably have 2a waves t best but there’s no telling what your hair could do with proper care for textured hair. I would stay away from any heavy products. My hair is 2a I did try curly girl and I got some results but I didn’t like how it looked on me and also took a lot of time and don’t last long even with gel. One night sleeping on my waves and they are gone.&&&Can you add a photo?
hurray4dolphins,ed1igb,"I have straight hair but I can coax waves out of it, I have only recently discovered. 

I am not asian, but your description of your hair sounds like mine. 

I have only found two products that coax the wave out of my hair.

https://www.ulta.com/travel-size-perfect-hair-day-phd-in-shower-styler?productId=xlsImpprod15911073 This one, which i have only tried for the first time this week and I love it. It added just a slight texture and volume but it didn’t feel like I had any product in it. It was miraculous! Oh, when my hair was almost dry I noticed the curls needed some clumpiness so I sprayed on some Kristen Ess  beachwawave spray and some oribe spray wax. That was a good choice.

As for this perfect hair day product, II got a travel size for $5.99 at Marshall’s . I didn’t go too crazy on coating my hair - I used maybe 1 to 2 quarter size dollops and after working it through my hair I combed it through, then rinsed quickly like a couple seconds under the water and let it air dry. 

The other product that brings out my waves is  a Kristen ess product- sea salt air dry spray. w. You spray it in your wet hair and let it air dry. It does add waves but it also feels  kind of sticky and weird."
palmtreeym,ed1igb,"Do I have wavy hair?&&&Hi! Sorry if this has been asked before, but I'm having trouble identifying what exactly my hair is....

For some background, I was born with wavy hair. I had cute locks growing up. Then when I was 4, my hair became PIN STRAIGHT. 

I'm 21 now, and I would notice every now and then my hair would have some wave to it. But even more recently, I have been waking up with wavy hair. I read somewhere how conditioner weighs your hair down, so just for today, I decided not to condition it and now... my hair has dried wavy. What's up?!?

For more context, growing up I would shampoo and condition my hair and I have asian hair. My hair is normal (neither thick or fine) and I have a LOT of it?

How should I proceed? I'm going to try to not conditioning for a few days, but I don't even know how to maintain wavy hair! I love it though! Sorry if this lacks some information, maybe I can add some pics?

Some pics! Not the best, it has def been wavier before. My hair is also very black so it's harder to tell too I guess. 


https://imgur.com/JiCBsPf

https://imgur.com/PL0lp34&&&Wow thanks! What is the curly girl method, I literally just heard of it going through this community.&&&omg I am definitely going to try this out thank you!!! I love wavy hair, but I also love my straight hair sometimes - it'd be nice to be able to pick and choose without applying heat from a curling iron :)&&&https://imgur.com/PL0lp34

https://imgur.com/JiCBsPf

This is what it's like after me not conditioning - I did add verb ghost oil while it was drying. It has also been way more wavy in past instances."
trevorishy,ed1igb,"If your hair is straight when you use conditioner, you might want to try a silicone free conditioner like Suave or Vo5. Or if your hair isnt dry or tangly and pretty moisturized on its own, skip the conditioner, only wash with a gentle sulfate free shampoo and use a mousse to preserve the waves."
