index,id,comments
Bumblebbutt,e4n3wa,"Your waves look amazing! Like what so many people dream of! 

I mean just the basics - are you using sulphate free shampoo and conditioner? If no when you next buy try and get some it doesn’t strip your hair of all it’s oils. 

However If you use products it’s worth getting a clarifying shampoo to use once every few weeks. This helps take off all the build up of products. 

If you want to try more definition you can try experimenting with gel - styling while wet then letting the cast set and then crunching it out.

If you have dry hair/scalp try cowashing every second wash or so which is using conditioner instead of shampoo so you condition and ‘squish to condish’ which means you squish your hair on your hands for a minute then rinse it out and condition normally. 

You can experiment with some styling products too, cantu is a good brand that won’t bankrupt you 

But check out r/curly for proper routines!"
realslickguy,e4n3wa,"this is my hair at its curliest, any suggestions?? i know literally nothing abt hair care so help a fella out pls lmao&&&&&&ay thanks bro 
some more quick questions:
how often should i wash my hair w shampoo and conditioner? should i not get my hair wet when i dont shower w shampoo and conditioner? my hair tends to get greasy when i just wash w water and no shampoo/conditioner"
feistylexie13,e4asb9,"When I had my pixie, I wasn’t doing cgm but I am a very lazy human and didn’t use heat hardly at all. I found the best way for me was to keep the back short and grow out the front until it got to chin length and then let everything grow together. I used a lot of headbands and braided styles once my hair was long enough to blend the front and back together."
klasko5,e4asb9,"Growing Out Pixie & CGM&&&I’ve been following the cgm for about three months now and have been growing out a pixie for six months. Definitely changed my hair and it’s growing faster. I don’t gel my hair because with the curls my hair is shorter and in some areas there isn’t a wave yet. My hair is now a short bob (finally!). I have a hair trim coming up, she knows I am growing out a pixie and that my hair is wavy. Do I have to get it cut a certain way? I just want a trim for the dead ends if there are any. Also, has anyone gone through growing out a pixie and cgm? Any tips/tricks?"
Bumblebbutt,e430r2,"I love your waves!!! Looks like a mix of 2a and 2b? 

I guess it depends on what you want to achieve? I have a mix of 2 a b and c which is a mare so I go for a low maintenance look now but I did experiment with a more curly look for a while but the blow drying took too much time to be honest. 

Do you use gel? That’s really the key to definition and hold also frizz reduction. I use the boucleme one which I like but there are loads of options and honestly it’s so individual. 

If you dye your hair blonde then get a hair mask it helps so much! I use the briogeo don’t despair one. 

Also protein may help especially if you dye your hair! You can rice water rinse or protein treatments. My hair needs a lot of protein and I notice a big difference from it."
krj623,e430r2,Your hair is beautiful!
lilsadducky,e430r2,"Two questions: What is this, and what do I do with it?? please help a girl out I am STRUGGLING over here&&&&&&Thanks! I honestly don’t really know what I’m trying to achieve, I just want to look a bit more put together lol. I’m kind of scared of gel, I’ve used mousse and hair creams and anti frizz stuff with varying degrees of success. Generally it just looks kind of messy. 

Normally when I let my hair dry it ends up looking like I just slept on it and then electrocuted myself lol, the ends are fairly damaged so I find they don’t really curl/wave much (although today in this pic I didn’t really have that issue as much for some reason!) often it looks like I slept with braids in since the ends are so straight! Ive been asked quite a few times if I sleep with braids to get my hair wavy. 

I’d really just like it too look more healthy, soft, shiny and defined. Not necessarily trying to get crazy curls or anything. Right now it looks a bit dry and frizzy and the waves are kind of random and all over the place. I tried to do the curly girl method and didn’t really like it, my hair felt greasy and didn’t look very good. I could have done something wrong though! I’ve never tried a protein treatment so I’ll definitely look into that too! Appreciate the advice ❤️"
mistergreenside,e430r2,"Definitely get a good protein mask, that’ll help out with the damage and frizz. I also have 2a 2b combo hair and it can be super annoying to make it look nice lol. Go for a nice light weight gel and a curl defining cream! Put it in your hair when it’s sopping wet and scrunch dry with a t shirt. Then diffuse it with a hair dryer or air dry it until there’s absolutely no moisture left in and then scrunch out the gel. Good luck!"
1agomorph,e397m0,"My hair is a bit like yours, at least from this image. I use very little product because it gets easily weighed-down. One I've been using for a while now is Shea Moisture curl enhancing smoothie, but I really small amount! I shower, put it in my wet hair, then plop for 15 minutes, then air-dry. You will find a more active community over at r/curlyhair with a lot of applicable tips and tricks."
The_Shane_Lizard,e397m0,"Can anyone tell me what wave type(s) I have? If your hair looks like mine, what products do you love?&&&"
WeAreStarless,e397m0,"this is probably not the answer you were looking for but it absolutely does not matter! multiple reasons why:

1. curl typing is really arbitrary and nearly every chart i see classifies curl types differently
2. the shape of your curls does not inform you at all about which products work well (or not) for your hair
3. you most likely have multiple curl types on your head (i have proper curls in the front and stretched out waves in the back)
4. your curl type is most likely going to change and improve the longer you take care of your hair

so don't worry about it! :D"
ihearttortillasoup,e397m0,"I have similar hair texture. Not as wavy as yours but fine and shiny. You look like you have 2b hair. I’m more 1-2a. My hair has low porosity. Takes forever to air dry. Doesn’t like heavy creams. Doing the super soaker curly girl (r/curlygirl) method using very wet hair, Mop Top Curl Custard and Giovanni LA Hold gel. Getting excess product and water out by scrunching with a t-shirt. Then scrunching out the crunch once it’s dry. This gives me beautiful shiny waves. Drawback is having to rewet hair after I part it. The comb breaks up my wave clumps. Sometimes I get impatient and use a diffuser on my hair dryer."
krj623,e397m0,Need more hair pics to determine. Not enough data.
trevorishy,e397m0,Does the smoothie alone give a better results than just a leave in conditioner? I used to use Shea Moisture conditioner and sure its heavy and oily. Now I usually just leave my rinse out conditioner NYM Blue Sea Kale) as my styler.
udontnomeneway,e397m0,"I’ve been using Aussie curl deep conditioner almost every day. Aussie co-wash after a gross day at work. And Aussie frizz cream after I shower. Even if I don’t plan on styling that day.  I cut up a t-shirt to squish my hair in to dry as much as I can.  

https://aussie.com/en-us/3-minute-miracle-curls

https://aussie.com/en-us/miracle-curls-co-wash


https://aussie.com/en-us/miracle-curls-frizz-free-curl-cream

Edit:  they have a bunch of affordable curly products to play with. 

https://aussie.com/en-us/shop-products/all-products/miracle-curls#page=2"
ashiedear,e34bcx,Help!&&&
pissgender,e29hry,"2nd week doing cgm! (1c/2b?)&&&&&&I have 1c to 2b (I think?) hair, normal porosity and I think its balanced, protein-wise.

this is the most improvement I've seen since starting cgm! yesterday I did a deep conditioning treatment by mixing equal amounts of coconut oil and leave-in conditioner and a tsp of apple cider vinegar, combing that thoroughly through damp hair, covering in a plastic bag and plopping in a long sleeve shirt overnight. then I shampoo'd and used the bowl method to put in my leave-in and gel and plopped for as long as I could stand it (an hour or so). I'm so happy with the results so far! I'm still very very frizzy but it's okay, I'm in a transition period 😃 happy to know I actually have waves.

I don't really have a set routine yet but the products I use are:
- As I Am coconut cowash and leave in
- the good stuff volumizing hydration foam
- KCCC
- the shampoo I use atm is a random goat shampoo bar I got at the farmers market"
