index,id,comments
AllieDot64,cizyf6,"I’m VERY new to curly/wavy hair. More questions to come, but what is my hair type?&&&&&&This is my hair with water only and then air dried. I have used gels & mousse in the past and no matter how much/little I use, my hair is ALWAYS crunchy and I don’t like that look.

Never done curly girl method.
Tried a few deva products and they left my hair crunchy.
What products should I start with?
How do I start the curly girl method?
How do I combat my frizz?&&&Thank you!&&&Thank you so much!"
RubyVTer,cizyf6,"Take a look at the how to get started guides in the sidebar on the main subreddit! I can’t be sure of course, but it looks like you have some some significant bleaching going on, which damages the cuticle (and therefore the curl pattern). You can do a lot to heal it by doing the CGM, but up to a limit (sometimes there is nothing more to be done but cut off damage, which I’m guessing would probably be too drastic if you want to keep hair length). As someone who has bleach damage before starting CGM, you can see a lot of improvement, which is something I didn’t realize would only happen after a (potentially long) transition phase. I’m 3 months into my second curly method try; the first time I didn’t do enough research and it all seemed so overwhelming. I’d say find some people on Instagram who seem to have similar hair types as you (especially coarseness and density, which were just as if not more important than curl number for me) and look at their methods. But you definitely have great curl potential if you do t have any product in your pics! I barely have any without doing a lot of gel/mousse scrunching."
Rugkrabber,cizyf6,"The crunchy feeling could have to do with porosity and protein in the products. Some people need protein, but some do not and using protein could result in crunchy hair. It could also have to do with the products itself though, some leave in products could dry up rather 'hard'. You could test some things out and change products once in a while, see how your hair reacts."
ambivirgo,cizyf6,"Currently 2a/b, but you probably have the potential to get to 2c or higher if you focus on your hair's condition for a while! You may even notice a difference from a trim, there's a clear difference in texture between your roots and ends that may mean your waves bounce up a bit if you cut off the more stretched out ends."
plentypapaya,cizyf6,I’m thinking 2A
smell_ya_latah,cizyf6,I hate gel and mousse also. I recently tried Devacurl Wave Maker and love it!  It reduces frizz and enhances curl without the crunch. My hair stays soft and I can still run my fingers through it after using.  I also use a small amount with water to refresh my curls on non-wash days.
TifJD,chuawi,"Fill my cart!&&&I have good discount codes for both Sephora and Ulta that I don't want to go to waste. I'm still working on perfecting my routine for my VERY THICK 2A/2B hair. What's your must have that I should try next?

Based on the Facebook ads alone, I've been eyeballing the Briogeo banana + coconut shampoo and conditioner. Has anyone tried it on their waves?"
dreamsmarter,chuawi,"Aw, that's fun! My personal wish list of stuff to try includes:

-kinky curly detangler leave in and custard gel

-Shea Moisture almond milk shampoo/conditioner

-not your mother's blue sea salt.... Shampoo/ conditioner

-deva curl gel of some sort

I have fine hair, though."
chlo__chlo,chij54,"How to make my wave stay all day&&&After I was my hair I scrunch and dry it with a hair towel. Then I will put mousse and gel. Once this is all done my hair looks like it's a type 2a.
My problem is that the waves are fragile. The waves don't stay defined throughout the day. I also have to be careful not to brush or run my finger through because the waves are lost. 
Is there anything more that I can do to help my hair have defined waves longer? Do I actually have straight hair that can be temporally wavy? Please help, and thanks in advance!"
menchekia,chij54,"Try putting your products in BEFORE you towel dry your hair.

I wash my hair, get out of the shower, scrunch my products into my still dripping wet hair, and then put it up in a plop to pull out excess moisture & help form the curl more."
kayzeeee,ch2u85,"What is my hair type? Further description in comments!&&&&&&!!!!! Great news thank u&&&Some days it looks like this and other days it is soft and straight with only a slight wave. Both results come after the exact same routine of alternating John Frieda Purple Shampoo/biosilk hydrating repair shampoo + biosilk conditioner, biosilk Miracle 7 leave in + biosilk silk therapy"
societymethod,ch2u85,Type 2A
