index,id,comments
golden_oceans,cyhqbj,"Hello! Can someone help me find my hair type and give me a few tips? I currently wash my hair 1/week, I use anti dandruff/normal shampoo, a purple one (bleached hair, leave for 10 mins), a conditioner(leave 5-10 mins), a hair mask(leave 15 mins+), rinse with cold water, argan oil and leave-in cond.&&&&&&I want to mention that I air dry, detangle with a wide-ish comb or a tangle teaser before rinsing the mask, and I sometimes use the curl balm from syoss. I still have a bit of frizz, but mostly I want to enhance my waves (I think they are only waves)
Thank you for your help🤗"
Aretha,cxlxeh,"Love it!!!!! My hair is so soft, all three products feel and smell wonderful, and leave me with soft, defined waves. 

I have been using it for 11 months and not brushing my hair, just finger combing in the conditioner. I’ve never been so happy with my hair in all my life"
OliviaLivLivvie,cxlxeh,I’m going to look into this!
SiteNo8,cxlxeh,"Lus is very expensive for Canadians, which is irritating since it’s a Canadian company. 
That said, I love the conditioner. I have 2b wavy, high porosity, naturally dry, highlighted hair and the Lus conditioner makes a difference! I will buy it again. 
The shampoo is okay, I can take or leave it. The styling lotion hasn’t worked for me. I bought the curly hair lotion because Lus says the curly stuff is better for frizz, but not enough definition/frizz control for me.  I won’t buy it again."
TifJD,cxlxeh,"I use LUS! I've been on it about 6 months. I love the shampoo, conditioner, and especially deep conditioner. The curl cream is not strong enough to enhance my 2A/2B waves like a gel does, but that's not what it's designed for. It's perfect for a softer, lower maintenance look."
isthatarealquestion,cxlxeh,"Did not work for my high-porosity hair. Nice products and I really liked the concept, but I still had dryness. And too expensive to keep ordering from Canada ($50+)"
kbright825,cxlxeh,Anyone try LUS? What were your thoughts?&&&&&&Thanks! The products are reasonably priced and after your review am thinking of trying it.&&&Thanks! That’s good to know because for me nothing works like a gel.
MokSea,cx4svd,Course hair? I used to think mine was dry but it’s actually just thick and course.
kbright825,cx4svd,Help with THICK DRY wavy 2b hair!&&&
theresaketo,cx4svd,"My hair is similar 2b/c wavy. Thick & course. I am still getting started perfecting my routine, but the Jessicurl line has been good for my hair. Too Shea conditioner, rockin ringlets and the medium gel.

One thing that didn’t work for me, that a lot of the curl girls do is styling and scrunching upside. This makes my waves stringy. I like to part my hair in the shower and just scrunch up from the bottom. I add all my hair products, including gel in the shower. 

I also need to shampoo lightly about every 3-5 days. My hair was getting weighed down and I could feel the build up trying to shampoo every 2-3 weeks. 

My hair seems to look best before I SOTC. So I’m not sure if I should skip that step or if I am just doing something wrong. Not sure if other wavies love SOTC or not?"
Anthallion,cx3k47,i second this and beutiful colour you got there
JeTaime1987,cx3k47,"Hope this helps! 

NYM naturals line and Cantu are affordable. 

Avoid protein if you don’t know if you’re protein sensitive. 

Finger comb with conditioner in the shower. Personally using a comb makes my hair stringy. 

If you cowash and your hair gets greasy or has dandruff use a sulfate free shampoo instead. 

Squish to condish means when you squish you hear a squelching noise. Have a spray bottle with water to spray while applying product for continued squelching noises.

Use curlbot to check if items are CGM approved.  

Watch Instagram and YouTube for techniques. It really makes a difference."
WeAreStarless,cx3k47,"check out the [beginner routine](https://www.reddit.com/r/curlyhair/wiki/beginner-routine) from r/curlyhair (and don't be scared off by the name, it's for wavies too! it's just a much bigger sub with much more information)!"
_lost-girl_,cx3k47,"Can anyone recommend any affordable starter products? I have no idea what (I'm not even sure my hair is wavy enough for them)&&&&&&THANK YOU SO MUCH&&&This is so useful, thank you!!"
garlickbread,cx3k47,"I have the same wave pattern, and CGM has been an adventure lol.  My hair is much shorter tho so if i dont use the right products i get waves with no definition and look like a founding father.

The beginner routine in the sidebar is a good place to start, but with waves the amount of conditioner/gel/etc that's recommended can weigh em down. 

Im also on a budget, and here are the products i use (all cgm approved)

Maui moisture curl quench shampoo and conditioner: I like it, but its a bit heavy on my hair so ill probably switch to something lighter once im out.

LA sports gel: also pretty heavy, but it does the trick. I bought the NYM curl talk gel today to switch over, so hopefully that works better for me.

NYM sea minerals mousse: I use it for refreshing because its light, it doesnt have much hold or provide much definition on its own though.

NYM kalahari melon leave in: Love it lol

VO5 ocean breeze shampoo: just used it for the reset.

For wavies, using a wide tooth comb in the shower is good for de-tangling and whatnot. I wouldnt worry TOO much about switching to co-washing only. My hair would die if i did that, but i try to only wash once ever 2-3 days depending on how gross i get.

Highly recommend reading the beginners guide, it looks a bit overwhelming but i mostly just read the parts that our useful to me."
murrrkles,cx3k47,Founding father 😂
LaneyLuv,cx10sc,"I have similarly patterned hair. I don’t think a deva cut would do much, but you might try more layers."
WeAreStarless,cx10sc,"i don't think there's much benefit to it for you. a devacut is good if your hair curls up a lot as it dries, and it shrinks more in some places than others. the only way to get an even cut if your hair does that is a devacut. i don't think your hair does that; it probably looks pretty similar to this when it's wet, so you should be able to get a regular wet cut and be fine"
alittlecray,cx10sc,"I have similar hair (less dense) and when I got a Decatur recently my waves sprang to life and now I slowly see some baby ringlets. You need a layered cut but if you don’t want to spend the $$$ for a devacut suggest a layered cut and see how your hair does with product, scrunching and air drying/diffusing post. For me, layering is the key and then the little waives are happy. 

OP have you tried diffusing?"
jajajanice,cx10sc,"Would it benefit me to get a devacut? This is my hair air-dried with no products.&&&&&&Yes, I have diffused I have pictures of when I use a leave in and diffuse I get some ringlets&&&[diffused hair pic](https://imgur.com/gallery/JJXtgum)&&&I have issues w frizz and dryness because I have a long history of dying my hair"
yuumoe,cx10sc,"You're the first person to recommend layers, I keep reading that curly/wavy ppl should avoid them.. I kinda want some because my hair looks really flat and dense as hell despite being 2b. Not sure what I should do!"
McKinneyCat16,cwpiiz,"Yeah, I definitely agree that you have to modify the CG method to whatever works for you. My hair is super wavy everywhere except the top layers so treating it like it would curl never worked. And I have to shampoo it a few times a week, co-washing really can't get me through more than 2 or 3 days before I look greasy af.

Currently I'm clarifying once a month with the beginner CG recommendationed shampoo (VO5 Kiwi Lime Squeeze) and I shampoo regularly like every other day or so with Trader Joe's Tea Tree Tingle shampoo. For conditioner I've been using the CG basic recommended TRESemme Botanique: Coconut Milk and Aloe Vera and I'll co-wash every time, even after shampooing I still get the conditioner back near my roots. I've also had luck with the Suave Keratin Infusion conditioner although that's not on the CG approved list as it still has some sulfates in it. I'll use a wide comb after I put the conditioner in and scrunch it some before piling it in a loose bun to let it settle. I do rinse out most of the conditioner, if I don't it weighs my hair down so much. The beginner recommended gel (LA Looks Mega Shaper) is such a hit or miss for me. Sometimes it scrunches out into waves but more often than not I just look wet. But I do love sleeping in a satin bonnet, definitely helps keep the waves together!"
MokSea,cwpiiz,What products do you use? Your hair sounds similar to mine except mine is course and not thin.
hamsterwaffles,cwpiiz,"As a person with wavy hair, I found that I couldn't follow the CG method exactly. I try to buy sulfate free shampoo and silicone free conditioners, but I HAVE to shampoo my hair. I can't co-wash. Also, the vast majority of product recommendations for curly hair are just way too heavy for my hair, which is fine and thin. It weighed down my waves and made me look greasy and homeless. I was so frustrated that I gave up on the whole thing. 

I've been revisiting the process lately, because I want to stop using heat products. So I just keep in mind that my hair *just isn't curly* and it's never going to be curly! It's wavy (2B) and I can't treat my hair like it's 3C and get frustrated with bad results. 

Products that seem to work for me are a protein enriched, sulfate free shampoo, a lightweight silicone free conditioner, and cheap gel. (But I can't make day 2 hair look decent at all without touching up with a curling iron.)

Good luck in your wavy journey!"
kbright825,cwpiiz,Any Tips? New to wavy hair!&&&&&&Thanks! I have very thick dry hair though so that’s how we’re different. Good luck to you too!
Sharkelberryfinn,cwfyc9,"I'm at the same part of my journey you are. And I just googled this question the other day. I haven't found any great answers yet.
 

I've found that traditional CG products assume that the natural scalp oil can't make it down to your ends, so I find some products too heavy or too intensity moisturizing. 

I use regular shampoo on just my roots, and gently massage. I use two Shea Moisture products from the Manuka honey and yogurt Hydrate and repair line. I use the conditioner on just my ends once a week and let it sit 5 minutes, and I also use the leave in spray as a daily booster.

That's all I have so far. Still looking for a product that will reduce frizz without looking heavy.  Lmk if you have any luck!"
WeAreStarless,cwfyc9,"this actually should be easier for you! you probably won't get weighed down as much as fine, low density wavies would. i'm in a similar boat, although i still haven't quite figured out my products, so i would recommend starting off with the [beginner routine](https://www.reddit.com/r/curlyhair/wiki/beginner-routine) over on r/curlyhair! don't be scared off by the name, it includes wavies too, it's just a much bigger and more informative sub"
kbright825,cwfyc9,"Trying to embrace my waves...help?&&&I have 2a/2b hair. When I let it air dry on its own it’s more 2a all over with some straight pieces. I’ve been researching a lot about the CGM and I want to embrace and bring out my natural waves. My problem is a lot of my research and product recommendations I’ve been seeing are assuming wavy hair is thinner and silkier. My hair is thick, high density, dry, damaged, and probably higher porosity. It doesn’t get that oily. 

Anyone have a similar hair type and some product recommendations? Or can tell me their hair routine?

Thanks!!"
dampbroccoli,cvs324,How do you use them?
moooome,cvs324,"Just started using these two and my hair is silky, shiny and not frizzy! Someone mentioned the Curl Talk earlier, I couldn’t find LA Looks gel but this is working great!&&&"
