index,id,comments
cmVkZGl0,ahmpkw,U rock green hair
danceycat,ahmpkw,"Yesss post a pic!

Go to imgur.com to upload it and you can then past the URL here :)"
josefinabobdilla,ahmpkw,I had tighter waves and more body before I started having kids. It went stick straight with my first. I didn’t even have to use a straightener. Then it came back to like 2a during my second. Now I’m in between 2a and 2b. I blame hormones. 
roaringzebra,ahmpkw,"I have my waves back!! I just need to share!&&&Hey, wavy community! I'm wanting to yell this from the top of a building or tree so everyone can hear, but I think I'll post it on Reddit instead! 

Growing up, I had very wavy (and frizzy) hair, even with all the wrong products. For the past 5 years or so, I have had short hair that I just blow dried and heat styled, so I kind of forgot all about my waves. After having my son, I grew my hair out, and suddenly it was straight. Weird. I hated it, but continued to use my usual products and threw it in a ponytail. It was easy, after all. 

Well, a few days ago I remembered the Curly Girl method. Oh yeah! I was a hair stylist before a stay at home mom, and I used to tell curlies about this thing! I should try it. I have nothing to lose. 

Before I spent money on stuff, I did a test diffuse after a regular shower first, and sure enough, it was willing to take shape. They fell out after a short while, but I knew I could move forward! So yesterday I went to the store, got some CG approved products, and did the whole clarify/deep condition/wet style/plop/scarf to sleep. I woke up this morning WITH MY BEAUTIFUL HAIR!! IT'S BACK!! (They do exist! -faints-)

I am so in love. 

I'm new to this site, and I can't figure out how to post a picture *and* text, so I'll post a picture in the comments?

EDIT: idk how tf to get a picture on here. Someone will have to explain it to me. 

EDIT 2: Here are the results from my first wash day (collage with 4 pics). Underneath is a picture of my hair, with no styling, 2 years ago, versus my 2nd wash with CG! The lighting was poor so I did filter/edit it to see my hair a bit better.
 https://imgur.com/a/CoUexQ6 (new link because I'm a dummy and forgot to cover one pic of my face)&&&Done! The top collage is first wash with CG! The bottom one is my hair 2 years ago, with no styling whatsoever, versus my second wash day with CG!

https://imgur.com/a/CoUexQ6 (Edit: new link because I forgot to cover one face pic lol)"
