index,id,comments
BringOnTheShibas,f4x6y1,The Shea Moistures products are very heavy and are most likely weighing your hair down and are not recommended for wavy hair. Some people with looser wave patterns can use them but most can’t. If you want to try a cheap alternative try Tresemme Pro Pure Lightweight shampoo and conditioner and see if that helps.
IsaiahIsTasty,f4x6y1,You look like jimmy Fallon
PintaLOL,f4x6y1,How often do you do a protein treatment?
Runningwithtoast,f4x6y1,I have good luck with the LA Looks gel. (I also have wavy hair.)
leafylesbian,f4x6y1,"i’m considering this a wash day success even though it went flat in an hour&&&&&&shampoo with shea moisture long lengths shampoo, condition with shea moisture manuka honey+a few drops neutral protein factor, rinse 50% out, add ampro gel to wet hair and squish, plop 30 min and diffuse for 30 min til completely dry. i didn’t notice a gel cast so i didn’t scrunch when dry.&&&so far i’ve used the neutral protein filler with my conditioner the last two wash days, i’ve only been working with my wavy hair for about 2 weeks&&&thank you! i’m really happy to be working with my natural waves instead of fighting them :^)"
mialixoxo,f4x6y1,Literally have the same problem. I also use shea moisture. I’m wondering if it’s too heavy for my hair as well. I have pretty thin hair.
roxemary,f4x6y1,"You need more hold in the fixation products. More hold doesn't mean heavier. Also, in long hair the weight of the hair itself makes for less fdefined waves. As for the roots, they have volume, it doesn't show because of the bone structure: if you look at a face from the front, some people show more hair than others (Kendall Jenner, for example) and that's why some hair looks more voluminous than others"
stage5_clinger,f4x6y1,It looks really pretty!!
PulledUpRoots,f4wkvt,"I’ve been struggling with my frizzy, wavy 2c hair for years! So I feel you. I have found that waiting to apply my stylers until my hair is 40% dry helps A Lot. It gives my hair time to clump and set as it naturally would. 

I use “Witch I Love Your Hair” https://www.witchiloveyourhair.com/virtualshop/hairmagic

When it’s at 40% dry and looking frizzy.. it works wonders 🥰 
I also use mousse (SGX NYC Whipped Mousse) instead of gel but i only do this when my hair is 90% dry and I’ll apply it as I’m smoothing it down. 

But most importantly I use a protein conditioner every time I wash.. using deep conditioners once every two weeks. 
The Shea moisture Manuka honey line is realllyyy good + affordable."
Sylvss1011,f4wkvt,"I have the same problem. I’m SO freaking careful with my curl clumps to keep the frizz at bay, but it still happens. One thing that I’ve found to help a little is a sea salt spray. It gives my hair more grip so they stay in their curl clumps better"
marahsichie,f4wkvt,"Frizz Tizz!&&&Hi lovely wavies community!

I have been CGM since October 2018 and still struggling to get my routine! My hair is thick and 2b ish, though when I started it was like Sandy from grease with a lot of bounce and shine. However it's now limp and dull, and rewllllly frizzy. I use microfiber towels, plop, usually air dry, but nothing seems to protect it. 

I've recently found out about protein so I'm working on that - this week I did a protein condition, leave in and gel and at first the curls looked amazing but about 5 mins after diffusing, they started separating and fizzing out. Literally about to pull my hair out, any tips??&&&I've been thinking about this a lot, I feel my hair did better when I put in gel after plopping because when it's wet it just soaks up product and it won't cast. Thanks for the encouragement, gonna keep at it!"
lalamommy25,f4rnat,How would you refresh this hot mess? This is day three never refreshed hair. Washed with love beauty and planet coconut milk and Jasmine shampoo. Did not condition (hair is hydral fatigued). Cantu curl activator applied to soaking hair PHM. Aussie instant freeze applied same way. Scrunched. Diffused&&&&&&Thank you! It is pretty wild huh?
marahsichie,f4rnat,It might not be your perfect curl but it looks rock and roll and I love it!
Rumination716,f4l8b4,Root volumizing sprays help along with diffusing your hair upside down to get more root lift. Fluffing your hair when completely dry at your scalp also increases volume. I don’t have a specific product as I’m still testing different ones out but a root spray or powder gives a little grit to your hair which when fluffed helps to increase the fullness in your roots. Hope this helps.
anywhereanal,f4l8b4,Volumizer recommendations please&&&Hi all! I'm new to r/wavyhair! Been struggling with finding a good volumizer for my 2b type hair. My roots just lay flat and it makes my hair look kind of triangleish if that makes any sense! I used to use the devacurl volume spray gel and that worked the best but wasnt as great as it could be and with the recent news about devacurl I've decided to stop using it.  Does anyone have any recommendations for a good volumizer for my roots but wont affect my wave and irritate my scalp?
twintec-9s,f4l8b4,"I have tried volumizing products, mousse on my roots, diffusing, etc. The ONLY thing that really gives my roots volume is clipping them. I put all my styling products in, wait until a cast is starting to form, or at least until my clumps are apparent, and then I clip at the root."
Emgidahlamentation,f4iuh6,"Just starting my journey, would this be safe to use?&&&&&&Thank you!"
leavesinthenorthwind,f4iuh6," [https://www.curlsbot.com/](https://www.curlsbot.com/) 

Find the ingredients and use the curlsbot checker"
Sylvss1011,f3ntr7,"2A appreciation! Shoutout to all my 2a wavies ❤️ just a reminder, that you’re hair is beautiful as is. Your hair has beautiful waves, not curls, and THATS OKAY. Rock your beachy waves. You don’t need more curl to be beautiful. Love your waves as they are, because they rock!&&&&&&I’m honestly probably not the best person to ask. I have like perma waves 😅, they stay no matter what I do. I can brush my hair several times a day for 4 days without washing and it’ll still have it’s waves. However they won’t get much wavier either. They know what they want to do and they do that and nothing more. I’ve just started to experiment with not brushing my hair and putting product in it, and still don’t have a real solid routine yet. I find that plopping helps me get a bit more curly type waves, since my hair is long and heavy, and my waves clump better when I detangle in the shower and go straight to scrunching without brushing with a paddle brush.   2a waves look pretty brushed out too, so maybe experiment with scrunching, sleeping, then brushing them out the next day. That looks pretty too. I’m sorry that’s probably not much help, but if you’re hair gets less wavy after you sleep, maybe just find beauty in your less defined, more gentle waves. Those are pretty too! You don’t have to have wash day waves every day."
chickpeamask,f3ntr7,Any advice for 2a waives? I find my hair will lose its wave after sleeping even with product. What’s your routine?
olookitslilbui,f3ntr7,"My hair falls flat after sleeping. I use a spray bottle to refresh and scrunch a bit, which I find reactivates the product a bit too."
Sylvss1011,f3fyxm,How did you refresh it? My hair texture is very similar and i would love to get a refresh like that
leafylesbian,f3fyxm,"1st v 2nd time refreshing day 2 hair&&&&&&I’m less than a week into following the curly girl method for my maybe 1c/2a hair. I’m shampooing 1-2x a week with shea moisture long lengths shampoo, condish with sm manuka and honey, and using ampro protein gel. I plop for an inconsistent amount of time and diffuse mostly dry. I’m still experimenting with technique, but I think I’ve learned that unless my hair is soaking wet it does not like to be scrunched, hence all the frizz on my first day 2 refresh.&&&I slept in a french braid which preserved most of the waves, then i wet my hands under the tap and added a pea sized amount of conditioner, emulsified, and then roped it into my hair just by squeezing it from top to bottom, repeat a few times, focusing on the underside of my hair where the coarser waves are. the french braid did 90% of the work for me!"
pissgender,f3fyxm,"^^^ please share your refresh, it looks magical"
Kelisymo,f3csnp,"Can someone help me with products and tell me what you think of my waves? Tysm!!&&&&&&Cross posted to r/curlyhair

First picture is after just washing with AG hair care balance shampoo (my hair was very greasy this day) and then co-washing with pureology hydrate cleansing conditioner (it was a sample I happened to have) and I added some live clean quenching curls conditioner to the ends, then I used AG hair care remedy spray and totally twisted mousse then “plopping” and sleeping on it (I really struggled trying to get a clear picture of my texture lol) Second (an older photo bc i couldn’t find a more recent one of my hair at this stage but it still looks the same as this) is how my hair usually looks just after adding matrix amazonian murumuru controlling oil, Marrakesh leave on treatment and detangler and AG hair care coco spray- but my coils fall out very quickly :c

I haven’t been doing anything to enhance my waves I have just accepted that they fall completely flat due to the length of my hair and how fine it is (and I don’t have much of it, at all! I have multiple chronic illnesses and it’s seemed to take a toll on my hair) but after reading through this subreddit and watching a lot of videos I have faith mine could be better! Problem is, I have no idea where to start in terms of product 😭 

As I said my hair is veryy fine and it gets greasy within a day. Those are my biggest concerns with picking product. I’ve tried co-washing in the past but my hair seems to get dirty a lot faster. And advice would help!

Edit-added more specific products i had used"
hauskatze,f3csnp,I am relatively new to curly girl routines but I have have found a lot of useful tips watching youtube videos on Swavy Curly Courtney's channel.
hauskatze,f319ap,"It looks beautiful. I use curly girl for my waves but like you, I don't use gel or diffuse my hair. Modify curly girl to suit your needs. It definitely helps to give up the brush. Good luck and continued success on your hair!"
samanthakaydean,f319ap,"Made a discovery.. in comments&&&&&&So I started the CG method about a month ago. Got CG approved shampoos and conditioners, was using a wide toothed comb to get the tangles out and would use gel everyday. Well about a week of this and I couldn’t deal with the gel feeling anymore. I don’t diffuse my hair and it would take sooooo long for it to dry (I like to shower in the mornings) and I couldn’t stand how the gel would feel for those hours everyday. So I didn’t change my shampoo and conditioner, I just stopped using the gel and thought I would try not combing or brushing of any kind and this was the result! It looks as good as it did when I was using gel, except this is only with a leave in conditioner. Seems the secret for my hair was not brushing it. Just goes to show that everyone’s hair is different and you have to find what works best for you. ☺️"
Just4FunGuy_,f30rcz,Your hair is amazing
Kelisymo,f30rcz,Your hair texture is so similar to mine! (On a really good day lol) your hair looks beautiful!
PrinceBBGuy,f30rcz,This looks fantastic.
Sylvss1011,f30rcz,So I gave the CG method a try today. I’m not sure how I feel about it. What do y’all think? I’ll post a pic of what my hair looks like normally. So CG or brushed out?&&&&&&[brushed out hair ](https://imgur.com/a/v2MyVRf)
hauskatze,f30rcz,Your hair looks beautiful both ways. Do what makes you happy. I started curly girl a little while ago and I am still trying to figure out how I feel about it. Swavy Curly Courtney on YouTube has several informative videos on the curly girl method for wavy hair. Check them out if you like.
stage5_clinger,f30rcz,This looks great!
Bri2890,f2w65c,"I have not tried Kinky Curly yet. I went to Sally Beauty today to potentially buy it but could not commit to the price as I am new to gel and wasn’t sure I would even like using it in my routine. 

I ended up buying the Urban Hydration Honey Health and Repair Laid and Slayed Pro Gel. It was $5! I used it tonight after washing, but did not create a full gel cast, just wanted to see if I would like it. I used praying hands method to apply to my wet hair and lightly scrunched it in, then plopped in a tshirt. 
I am very happy with the results I got. It definitely helped shape my hair but did not feel heavy at all. I had some crunchy pieces that I think did form a gel cast and I simply scrunched them out after drying. I am still learning about ingredients but it has some oils and vitamins that I think help to add moisture. 

You know it is all about experimenting to find what is best for us. Maybe give the Urban Hydration a try and see how you like it!"
FrizzychunkCAT,f2w65c,"For me, kinky curly custard works more like a curl activator than a gel. I use maybe 1 or 2 tbsp max for my whole head, not 1/3 cup as recommended in CG. 

https://i.imgur.com/9V29Fqj.jpg
I used the kinky curly custard this morning, but also used Ouidad climate control gel after.  Not sure I'm loving my hair yet, (42 days in CG) but I definitely get the hype about kinky curly for us wavies if you want more curl. Try using less, and layering a gel on top.  Although this advice doesn't really help you replace your gel."
Offkilter20,f2w65c,"Kinky Curly Custard Catastrophe&&&After hearing such good things about the Custard, I tried it. Put it on after my leave-in conditioner to very wet hair, plopped in a T-shirt for 15min and then air dried. My hair turned out stringy and kind of dry-feeling. There were curls, but they were little tiny nuclear family clumps, not the big extended family-type curls/waves I usually have. Anyone else have this experience? Or maybe help with what I might’ve done wrong?? (I think my hair is 2b? Medium thickness, medium porosity...super average😂)&&&Gonna try that! Beautiful pic by the way🙂&&&Yeah I had that too! My scrunch our the crunch was more of a squooze"
trabajaja,f2w65c,"I seem to have similar hair to yours and tried Kinky Curly Custard today for the first time too, to try to replace my DC gel - having trouble replacing the look as my hair just seems perpetually wet rather than casting!"
apoleia,f2n0si,"Gel dries hard, but if you scrunch it (""scrunch out the crunch"") it's not anymore, while still providing definition.

I personally only use gel for my waves (along with non-sulphate shampoo and silicon-free conditioner). In my personal experience, if i use quite a big amount of gel (for me it's a dollop of around 6cm diameter) let it completely dry and then scrunch out the crunch, it keeps hair defined (and therefore frizz free)."
pissgender,f2n0si,"I think mousse might be what you're looking for.

depending on the mousse, your hair can feel crunchy after it dries. not to worry, though! I use 3 drops of a light oil (argan, apricot, or a specific hair oil), rub it between my palms and lightly glaze my curl clumps. this gets rid of the crunchy feeling and makes my hair soft and nice.

try out herbal essences totally twisted, or maybe the lighter one called tousle me softly or something. they're usually pretty affordable ($4-5) and you can find them in most stores that sell hair products."
sweetlittleflower,f2n0si,"What type of product would you recommend for wave definition and frizz control?&&&I imagine gels are more for hold, which is nice but not really that much of a priority for me. I also don't like the way gel makes your hair feel kinda, hard?

I'm worried that hair butters, curl creams, and serums will make my hair look greasy, but I think something light-weight might be what I'm looking for. 

I've never tried mousse, I don't know much about it at all, but I've heard it can make your hair feel crunchy?

Maybe every product has a downside and I'm asking for too much. I just want something that would make my hair feet soft, natural and fresh - when my hair is all natural, like with no product, there's a lot of frizz and not enough definition, so I want to try a product to help with that, but I don't really know where to start and I'm also very budget-conscious. 

Advice?&&&Thank you!! I think when I was using gel, I wasn’t using enough which is why it didn’t form a cast. I’ll give it a go!&&&Thanks for your advice!! I just bought the Herbal Essences Tousle Me Softly Mousse and I’m excited to try it out!"
Sylvss1011,f2geji,"Looks like 1C hair. Maybe try a few products and scrunching and see if you can get more wave! However, I’d still brush out your hair. If your hair is actually wavy, the waves will stay, but just blend together better. That’s what I do. Good luck! Your hair is really pretty, whether you get more wave or not 😊"
thenavylark,f2geji,You can always try the curly girl method and see if you can get any more wave out of your hair.  Just try to use lighter products (for type 2 hair).  I started with r/curlyhair.
un_bon_ete,f2geji,"Hi! Could someone please tell me what kind of hair I have? I’m not sure what to do hair care wise!&&&&&&Thank you!&&&Thank you!!&&&I’ve had it in a ponytail all day, but I use a scrunchie so it doesn’t kink my hair. Even if it does, it doesn’t explain the waviness at the ends of my hair. I want to find the best way to care for my hair, but I don’t know what it would be classified as...

Edit: sorry for the bad lighting!"
LiamJackson666,f2975h,Its almost impossible to achieve curls with thick hair
Mal-functioning,f2975h,"This is what happens when I try and take care of my waves, my hair is so thick that they get weighed down&&&&&&I wash with perfume free shampoo, sometimes I use a conditioner and an light oil (due to damage) after the shower. I was never taught to treat them right, but I want to learn, as I have a sister with the biggest curls who never was taught how to treat them either"
pissgender,f2975h,what's your routine?
