index,id,comments
UnfairForever2505,kh8x4s,"I've done this while travelling, because I didn't want to pack too many products. Worked pretty well for me. I would apply the leave-in like a regular conditioner, let it sit for a few minutes. Then add water and squish until my hair starts to clump.  Add more leave-in if needed.

I have medium lenght and medium density wavy hair and I'd say I used about 2 tablespoons of product, but some of it was rinsed out. After a few times you get the hang of the ideal product/water ratio."
watershots,kh8x4s,"Using leave in without regular conditioner&&&Hi! 

Been doing CGM about a year and a half. I was seeing amazing results the first 6 months or so then my hair fell kinda flat. I’ve grown almost all of my bleach out and realized I didn’t need to moisturize quite as much since my hair retains moisture pretty well now.

I recall seeing a post (not sure if on Reddit on Instagram) about skipping conditioner as it can weigh down fine waves. The post suggested using leave in instead and not using conditioner. For anyone doing this method, do you leave the leave in in your hair or do you rinse it out like you would a regular conditioner? How much are you using? 

I have medium density, fine, low porosity, 2A-2B waves. Lately I really have to work to keep the hold using strong hold gels and diffusing. It’s too much of a fuss to do every day and I’m hoping a product or routine change can help get new results!&&&Definitely going to try it out. Thanks so much!"
serisub,kh82fi,"How do you know you have wavy hair?!&&&This may sound like a stupid question but stay with me! So I’m 30 and started noticing in the last two years that I have a weird almost cotton texture to my hair if I say sleep on it and have a restless night? When it’s wet and dries naturally there’s a few bits that are modestly wavy and others bits are straight. 

When I was a teen/20’s my hair was poker straight, always has been and I don’t really know what it was like when i was super little just that I had lots of it. 

So here is my question, do I have wavy hair? Or is it just doing a terrible impression of a toilet brush stuck to my head. I’d send a photo but it’s far too late in the night and I have meetings tomorrow via the dreaded zoom so I’ll have to pretend it’s half decent. If it is wavy HELP. if it isn’t I shall go back to my corner of appreciation of all your wonderful pictures. 

I do dye my hair grey, I’m naturally blonde but I bleach the roots once every 8/12 weeks because I’m lazy/lockdown/I think I can get away with it when I probably can’t.  I think my hair was fairly thin but it seems to have thickened the last few years. 

I should mention my mum went ringlet curly at 50 nearly overnight but she thinks that was the menopause."
WeAreStarless,kh43kb,"i second what the other commenter said, but also, as an alternative, just to do some different experiments, you could also apply it on soaking wet hair _before_ you plop!"
jennyquackles,kh43kb,"How do you actually use gel?&&&I’ve been really focusing on my waves for a few months now, I’ve always been too scared to use gel but given how fluffy and frizzy my hair is I think I might need to. I have no idea where in the routine it goes, but then again I might need to change that too. My current routine is to wash with Superdrug Coconut Water Shampoo and Conditioner, wrap in a t-shirt for a few minutes, scrunch and spray with L’Oréal Curl Tonic and then dry with my diffuser (I also have no idea if I’m doing that right). I sleep with a satin bonnet on a silk pillow case and I also have to part my hair when it comes out of the towel or it will not sit properly. Where would gel come into this and is there anything else I should be doing? It will look great in the evening when I do this but by midday the next day it will be a big frizzy mess.&&&Thanks! So I would put it on, diffuse and then scrunch out the crunch?"
lvndrbrwn,kh43kb,"Usually people put gel on last (before drying or diffusing). For you, it might be after your tonic spray but before diffusing."
salt_and_linen,kh43kb,"I have a ton of extremely thick, coarse, color-treated hair.

I get my best results with gel when my hair is soaking wet. I scrunch it into sopping hair while I'm still in the shower (sometimes even still with the water running)."
kansas_hooper,kh40rm,"I think I’m on to something. First pic is last night, 80% dry from diffusing. Second pic is this morning. I may be in love with my new curl cream.&&&&&&Routine:

Wash roots with Bumble and Bumble Curl Moisturizing shampoo. Condition with SheaMoisture Curl and Shine. Squish to condish that then rinse. Then squish in Curls Creme Brûle Curl Cream on dripping wet hair. Then prayer hands apply Paul Mitchell Flexible Styling Foam. Scrunch it a bit then plop for 10 minutes. Then pixie diffuse till 80-90% dry."
SEND_NUKES_PLZ,kh36p9,Bad bot
allthedarlings,kh36p9,Thanks for the inspo!
thefoxsaysquack,kh36p9,"Hello my wavy people!&&&&&&Routine: coconut curls shampoo and conditioner, comb in shower, don’t rinse all the conditioner out (because who wants to pay for a leave-in too, amirite). I only wash every 3 days or so. I scrunch the water out with a t-shirt before scrunching in about half a palm full of gel. I mix two gels together: the purple eco gel and the blue LA looks gel. From there I let it sit for 15 minutes or so before I defuse."
Adorable_Raccoon,kh0xme,"Tell your stylist you want a level 7 or 8 ash blonde. I recently went darker blonde similar to this.  My stylist did a demi permanent color over my already highlighted hair 

If you’re not sure ask to see her color swatches and point out what you want."
Greatrisk,kh0xme,I love your ashy color! What do you ask for?
Wheezey7118,kh0xme,They look good! How long have you been working on the waves?
allthedarlings,kh0xme,Love it! This is what my hair should (hopefully will!) look like
oohcomethru,kh0xme,"My waves are finally settling in!&&&&&&Ahh thanks!! My hair has gone through a lot of bleaching. I honestly asked my hair lady to get it darker so it wouldn’t fade into a yellow color and I’ve been religiously using the purple conditioner once every 2 weeks to maintain the color. Hope this helped!&&&Routine for this wash day: shampoo with Not Your Mother’s curl talk, condition with purple conditioner my hair lady gave me lol. Wanted a hard gel cast so I used both Aussie Instant Freeze Gel and Jessicurl’s Spiralicious  Gel. 

For my precious washes recently, I’ve been using the curl definition cream from Zoto’s. Might use that again next wash day because I have a little more definition with that.&&&Thanks! For 9 months now. It’s been a journey but really worth it. I think what really helped was finally getting a hair cut lol.&&&Yes!! Don’t give up! I have gone through bad wash days and I was so close to giving up entirely but I would take a break and not style my hair for a wash day or 2. I have found that going back to basics helps, so just shampoo, condition, and styler."
AIyxia,kh0c7w,"Haven't been getting results so I gave up and brushed my hair dry. Oh well? 😅&&&&&&Yeaaaahh...not doing that again! I figured my hair was just not wavy enough to get the waves regularly. Apparently it's wavy enough for fluff, at least 🤣&&&Usually I don't mind either, but my hair sheds and tangles a lot - the fluffiness tends to make it worse! 

On very rare days, my hair will naturally do ""beachy waves"" that look like styling and products were used enthusiastically when all I did was wake up. The result is super soft, pretty waves...so those are the results I chase!"
maybelletea,kh0c7w,"I get the fluffy hair too, but I like it :D"
tidewater3,kh0c7w,Your hair looks like mine. It depends on the weather. I just let my hair be itself and sometimes I get a good hair day lol 😂
Wannab_me,kgx569,"Do you have a wavy routine after having straightened your hair?&&&I like to straighten my hair once in a while but I always feel like I have a setback on my cgm path, which totally makes sense to me. But I was wondering if you have a special routine when using heat on your hair and then coming back to wavy?&&&Thank you so much!! I'll definitely give it a try"
yellow_tshirt,kgx569,"This is not a coming back routine, more like a suggestion. There is a heatless way to straighten your hair... You wrap your hair around your head and secure it with Bobby pins, when it's about 85% dry. Brush your hair after your shower to avoid any curls to form. You can sleep on this up do and you'll wake up with straight hair.  Some people know this as dubi dubi. It's in Spanish but you ll get it. Works great!! [dubi dubi or torniquete](https://youtu.be/73Gi3lGSOK0)"
angoli82,kgwx1c,"A light leave in conditioner can help, too.  I use So Cozy Kids on my daughter's hair."
archnonymous,kgwx1c,"I think it depends on how fine his hair is? My hair is very fine, but not baby fine, and it appears to be lower porosity too. So, I pretty much wash according to grease levels lol. If it gets greasy then I just wash it. I'm probably washing every 3rd day I'd say.

I try to deep condition and use protein on a cycle so I have balance."
sixsixsp,kgwx1c,"My son wants to grow his hair out. It’s wavy so I need some advice about kid hair. (“Routine” in comments)&&&&&&Routine:

Shampoo and conditioner: NYM Sea Minerals Blue Sea Kale and Pure Coconut Water.

When he asks me to “style” it: NYM Curl Talk Mousse

I have curly hair and I’ve read CGM isn’t always the best way to go for wavy hair. He wants to grow it past his ears, and I just want to know how different wavy hair is vs curly hair. 

Do I wash only once a week or a couple times a week? Cowash? Deep conditioning? I’ve read through a bunch of posts and some wikis here and there; I have no clue what his hair pattern is yet since it’s never been long."
artemis_floyd,kguakp,"I'm a huge fan of the Not Your Mother's Curl Talk shampoo - not super drying, but does a nice job of cleansing.  Beware that it has protein, so if you're protein-sensitive it may not be the best bet.  I'm also a fan of Shea Moisture's Jamaican Black Castor Oil shampoo, too.  I also started incorporating a scalp brush into my shampooing routine and found it made a *huge* difference in my scalp's health, and I'm far less prone to flaking, even in the winter (and with all of that ill-advised hot water, lol).

Conditioners...so, so many!  Maui Moisture's Lightweight Hibiscus Water, Not Your Mother's Naturals Blue Sea Kale and Coconut Water, and Not Your Mother's Naturals Tahitian Gardenia and Mango Butter are my three go-tos currently for normal conditioners, and I've had surprisingly great luck with Garnier's Avocado Hair Mask as just a rinse-out, too."
ftr-mmrs,kguakp,"I love Giovanni, but the Giovanni Tea Tree is a little drying to my hair.

I am currently using Giovanni Ultra Volume Shampoo and Desert Essence Coconut Conditioner is my go-to for when I need moisture. I also use a leave-in conditioner. The Gio UV shampoo is consider ""more clarifying"" though.

I am currently experimenting with Faith in Nature Conditioners. These are lighter/less moisturizing but then i usr more Leavein, and I'm good."
jdgee08,kguakp,"Moisturizing Shampoo/Conditioner Recommendations?...&&&Hi everyone! This is my first time posting here. I have wavy hair, Type 2A (normal porosity). Lately, I've been dealing with a dry scalp. My current routine is Giovanni Tea Tree Triple Treat Shampoo along with the conditioner. I find that the tea tree might be the culprit. Any recommendations? Thank you!&&&Too many to choose from, lol. I'm not entirely sure if I'm protein-sensitive or not but NYM's Curl Talk Shampoo might be worth a try. I'm trying to lay off on the tea tree for a while. Also, I'm thinking of going back to NYM's Naturals Blue Sea Kale and Coconut Water line for now since I have some left. I wonder what your thoughts are on the Naturals line? And YES - scalp brushes are really wonderful and very important for hair/scalp health.."
Greatrisk,kgotne,"Agreed on not overthinking! Also, the OGX mousse ROCKS! It’s one of my favorite products."
ftr-mmrs,kgotne,"If it works keep using it. But keep an eye on your hair. Silicones commonly start out giving great resulta, then after a few months of use leave dry frizz. Some people can use silicones without problem, some cant."
hainic0,kgotne,"Ogx coconut curls line&&&Hello! I am new to the wavy hair game. I've watched too many Tik toks on the CGM and have too much time on my hands these days and have always wanted something other than naturally straight hair. I realized, a year or so ago after using Ogx coconut curls shampoo and conditioner, that I actually do have a bit of a wave pattern. I'm probably a 2a. But I've seen some warning against Ogx because it has silicones.
Am I silly for giving it a try as part of my new wave care routine since it brought out my curls in the past?

This is where I have been starting: shampoo when needed with Ogx coconut curls. Alternate between conditioning with Ogx coconut curls conditioner or Macademia Oil conditioner. T-shirt dry hair. Add coconut oil syrum and scrunch (I have a variety of products I scrunch with including Mystic Divine curl cream, argan oil curl defining cream from Ogx, or Ecostyler olive oil gel). Plop hair for 2 hours or overnight. Air dry or diffuse. Finish with Ogx curl finishing spray and sometimes root lifter.&&&That's a good point. I'll definitely keep an eye on it and change things if it gets frizzy. I also don't mind a little bit of frizz when it adda volume. It seems like the products are probably good starting points but not necessarily destinations.&&&I used it for the first time today and am loving the results!!"
Ahzelton,kgm5v7,I pay so much money a year to get my hair to look like this 😂😂😂
Encodead,kgm5v7,"Me too! Now I gotta watch this to feel validated haha. I thought it was just me with this type of hair. I envy her volume though, my waves are much flatter. 😑"
bribbio,kgm5v7,This is so similar to my hair texture and wave pattern 🥺
dianacakes,kgm5v7,"Can we appreciate that in A Discovery of Witches Teresa Palmer had her natural textured hair most of the time, different wave patterns at all!&&&&&&I read the All Souls books years ago but I just watched the show for the first time this week. As someone who has much wavier hair in the back and more straight in the front, I feel seen! It's refreshing to see frizzy, wavy hair on a main character and it's not something that needs to be ""fixed."""
flyingcat_hysteria,kgm5v7,OMG THIS IS A SHOW NOW? Ok slightly of topic but I was obsessed with the books when they came out. :P
m4dswine,kgm5v7,Just accepting that my hair is my hair has been quite freeing. Now if only I could get a hair cut in-between Lockdowns....
mencryforme5,kgm5v7,"I have the opposite: my hair gets quite curly in the front but is stick straight in the back. I'm always self conscious that it looks like I curled the front. Prob why I just wind up brushing it, it looks better that way."
probablyadequate,kgm5v7,I remembered thinking this when I saw her hair! It made me so happy that someone had my hair texture on tv
gfpasta96,kgj353,"Less product plus plopping attempt equals happier waves? Work in progress&&&&&&Routine: (subject to lots of change) 

Wash/condition with suave natural sulfate free etc etc stuff with shea and coconut 
 Detangle in shower while conditioner is sitting 


Clarifying shampoo 1x per week (?)

Not Your Mother's curl cream (smallish amount relative to hair density/thickness) 

Plop in towel until I get some microfiber ones"
Cake_4_Life,kggm0n,Do you know of a way to hammock diffuse long hair (tailbone length)?
CaptainTripps889,kggm0n,"I tried hammock diffusing today for the first time and it solved my flat root problem. Swipe to the last pic to see where I started in the wavy hair journey, when it was all frizz and I tried to hide it with my face&&&&&&I put my routine below and linked the video for hammock diffusing I followed. It’s basically where you set your diffuser on a counter or something, hold the ends of your hair up in a towel to allow some slack at the roots, and move your head around in front of the diffuser to dry the roots and let that curl develop and set while the weight of your hair isn’t dragging down.&&&Routine: I wash with as I am cowash and condition with Giovanni deep moisturizing conditioner. After I rinse that out, I apply blueberry bliss leave in, mixed with a neutral protein filler and all about curls leave in. Then I scrunch in all about curls gel. (All about curls has been a game changer for me. Other gels and leave ins weighed down my fine hair too much and made it stringy and impossible to scrunch out)

For the hammock diffusing - I followed this video pretty much: https://youtu.be/MBkaec34Vkg it allowed my curls not to stretch out while drying.
Also be sure to lift your hair away from the scalp when you’re brushing your product through. I had been denman brushing my hair straight down and plastering it to my scalp which made the roots stiff and completely flat and so slow to dry&&&I think the same way I did it would work for you! I linked the video I followed in my routine. It’s basically just holding up the ends of your hair in a t shirt while diffusing your roots, so the weight of your hair isn’t pulling the roots flat while it dries&&&Thank you, I’m so excited to finally be making progress after several months of pure struggle!"
Rommie557,kggm0n,"What, may I ask, is hammock diffusing?"
ants-in-my-plants,kggm0n,Can you explain what hammock diffusing is? And what is your routine?
fancy_penguin09,kggm0n,Awww I love it! Your hair is so pretty!!
zillarillazilla,kggm0n,Is all about curls the Zotos brand? I see it on Amazon but not Target or Ulta
cyvonnelili,kggip6,Too much product? This happens when I have too much product in my hair. Have you tried diffusing? I always get better results when diffusing.
elrineswag,kggip6,I had the same thing! Have you ever tried the instant freeze aussie gel? I put quite a bit of it on and that keeps my hair up
swminn,kggip6,"Hair is wavy/curly when wet but when it dries the sides go straight - more in comments!!!!&&&&&&Maybe I need to try just one product! I’ve tried diffusing a few times&&&The waves hold in the back without any product but the sides dry straight even with product. I’ve tried gel, sea salt spray & a curl cream. I currently don’t use any specific shampoo or conditioner, just finished using olaplex. Any product suggestions would be great!! I have fine, porous hair but a lot of it!"
Aggravating_Oven_815,kgg0z1,"Try the smasters method for those straighter bits, real life+curly girl has a good video on it and it literally takes seconds to do. I have the exact same curl pattern by the sounds of it and ik it can be so frustrating sometimes 😂"
Candlehoarder615,kgg0z1,"Hi, I had ""straight"" hair up until May of this year. Now it's 2a/b waves as long as I use products for hold. 
  First, you might need to be fully rinsing out the conditioner in your hair. I have found that I can't leave any rinse out conditioner in my hair, but I do use a very small amount of leave in. My hair is almost waist length and I use a nickel sized amount of leave in distributed through just the length and ends. 
   
 As for products,  I tried Aussie instant freeze and it didn't do much for my hair.  I use both mousse and gel and my waves hold well for 2-3 days with minimal refreshing.  
 I am currently using Suave volumizing mousse and La looks sport gel and that combination has given me the best  results."
jbelrookie,kgg0z1,"Sounds like I have the same hair as you! At least in terms of the pattern. I found that applying *a lot* of styling products and diffusing till at least 100% dry has helped me. I've had to accept that perhaps I just can't air dry my hair because any excess water drags any waves down. I used to wash my hair upright and comb my hair as soon as I get out of the shower. I don't do those anymore and I'm not sure if the former really helps. The latter definitely does for me imo.

Ooh... also getting a haircut. I'm trying to grow my hair out so I really didn't want to get rid of any length. I got layers and it really helped my hair be less heavy which made it easier for waves to form and stick around longer (I have quite thick, somewhat dense hair)

Perseverance also seems to be another factor! I'm only about a month into the wavy journey and I can see some differences already between what my hair looks like styled & all that within the first few washes and now. Keeping a hair journal on my phone with photos during wash days and what kind of products I used & styling methods also helps me pinpoint which products I like/don't and which way I've had success using them."
littleprojects,kgg0z1,"Help!! Advice for formerly straight 2A waves holding on for dear life???&&&Today was my fourth attempt at CGM over the course of the last twelve days, and so far I’ve enjoyed playing around with products/techniques to figure out what does and doesn’t work for me! My hair is somewhere between 1C-2B (I’m one of those who thought I had straight hair my whole life), low-medium porosity and undamaged. I got my hair trimmed a few days ago, and my stylist said my hair is healthy—she said I probably don’t need much more protein or moisture and have a decent balance.

I recently increased the amount of Aussie Instant Freeze gel I’m using, and that helped me get more of a cast, which meant my waves have more bounce and definition once dry (I’ve tried both air drying and diffusing). *That said, I’m running into two problems:*

A) once my hair is dry, I still have a bunch of straight 1C pieces, and I’d love to learn how to encourage more wave in those pieces

B) over the course of 3-6 hours, my waves mostly fall. I’m left with some curl at the ends and a lot of body (which honestly still looks nice!) but I’d love to figure out how to get the 2A-2B waves to stick around

One thing I’m considering for problem A is that my method for applying the gel is preventing me from distributing the product evenly. After squish to condish, I’ve been glazing/prayer hands around the curl clumps with gel, then scrunching. I’ve also tried roping after glazing and before scrunching.

After watching some of Swavy Curly Courtney’s videos on YouTube, I’m not sure what more I could do. Has anyone ever combed/brushed their styler through their hair to evenly coat it, then formed clumps, then scrunched? I haven’t tried that because I haven’t wanted to break up the clumps that form after s2c.

I have no idea how to approach problem B. With a cast, the waves hold the whole time they are drying and they are mostly 2A-2B. I don’t know if it’s a question of my products being too heavy because my hair feels really healthy—nice and shiny and soft, but not too soft. I use the Living Proof PhD shampoo & conditioner. I didn’t use any leave-in product today before the gel, but the waves still feel like they’re at risk of straightening out in a couple of hours.

Any advice from someone who’s successfully crossed over from “straight” to wavy would be greatly appreciated!&&&Thanks!! I’ll have to try the LA Sports gel when I finish up the Aussie. And I’m definitely thinking of incorporating a mousse in addition to the gel. How do you distribute the mousse/gel and style if you don’t mind me asking?&&&Thanks! I had been taking notes on my routine and photos, but I juuuust started putting them together in a journal of sorts so I can track what I’m doing/using and my progress. And after your comment and a few others, I think I’m going to play around with using a mousse in addition to the gel and possibly switching out my current gel for a harder hold option when I run out. My hair is not too long right now, but the waves definitely feel a bit lighter since the trim!!&&&Wow, thank you so much! Can I ask—did you have “virgin” hair before you started or was your hair damaged from heat/coloring? Also did you have wavy hair as a kid or are you one of us who always thought our hair was straight but frizzy?

I like the idea of adding some additional product after plopping for a little while, especially a mousse. I hope this will help me get a little more hold!

I’m currently not brushing it when it’s dry and only using a wide toothed comb in the shower, but honestly, by the time I’m showering on day 3 or 4, my hair is mostly straight, so it’s not like I’d be brushing out a wave pattern or anything.

But truly, thanks so much for the tips!&&&Thank you! So when you started this ten years ago, if you did nothing to your hair right out of the shower, it would dry pretty much straight?"
millygraceandfee,kgg0z1,"Hi! I have 2a/2b wavy hair.  I've worn it wavy now for more then 10 years. I have long hair and get Balyage every 12 weeks.  I use the Lus Brands/Luv Ur Curls 3 step system (shampoo/conditioner/leave-in).  The leave-in requires really wet hair so I use a spray bottle to add water to my hair after getting out of the shower.  I use The Perfect Haircare towel to plop my hair (picked up the idea from Swavy Curly Courtney).  I use a Denman brush to distribute my leave-in and form curl clumps (from Swavy Curly Courtney too).   I prefer to air dry and then scrunch out the cast when dry.  I refresh the next 2 days by using water and some leave-in in a spray bottle.  I wash every 3rd day.  I have tried co-washing, but it leaves my hair limp.  Luv Ur Curls has a travel size kit so you can try the product with very little investment.  They have many how-to videos on YouTube and regularly email me how-to videos.  Between Swavy Curly Courtney and Luv Ur Curls I am happy with my results.  I am getting a shag haircut 12/26 to make my waves more curly. A shag is a heavily layered hair style.  I do protein mask followed by a moisturizing mask every 2 weeks.  I clarify with Suave Daily Clarifying shampoo once every 4 to 6 weeks (from Swavy Curly Courtney too).  Hope this helps keep you on your wavy hair journey."
queencommie,kgg0z1,"Hey there, I have 2A/2B hair and I've had similar difficulties with getting my waves to hold. I've finally gotten it to where I get good definition/soft waves on the top layer of my hair but the bottom layer always falls straight by the end of the day. I think this is just cause even though my hair is fine, there's a ton of it and I'm probably not applying product evenly. I do it the same way you do, prayer hands then scrunch.

Some things that might help:

-Stick with it! I've been doing CGM for 3ish months and my hair has changed a lot in that time period.

-Skipping shampoo/washing less often, and just cowashing. I thought my hair would hate this since it's fine and easily weighed down but I've had good results with it. (I use the As I Am coconut cowash, my hair feels soft and clean after and it smells amazing)

-Apply gel right out of the shower when it's soaking wet, plop with a t-shirt or microfiber towel for about 10-20 mins, then apply more gel or mousse. This usually gives me a better cast then just applying once, and it will not form a cast if I don't do it while my hair is still very wet.

Also, a very wide tooth comb or a Denman brush instead of a traditional brush has made a big difference, as well as just leaving it alone and not touching/brushing it when it's dry!"
Banri_na_BheanSidhe,kgdpmf,OGX Coconut line does a curling cream that you can squish into your hair after combing it through. It's got a pump so you can alter how much or little you need. It does have a thicker consistency so I'd recommend starting with half a pump and building up as you need to.
VintageWitchcraft,kgdpmf,"Do you mind leaving in your hair care routine? And go all out in it. Give every detail you can from each styling process you do, to sleeping care, like all of it. Then I think we'd be able to troubleshoot your problem. ❤️"
queencommie,kgdpmf,Do you usually sleep on the side that's less wavy?
wiiilding,kgdpmf,"Help with my crazy all over the place hair!!&&&&&&routine -

I usually wash once a week with ogx coconut curls shampoo and conditioner, then comb through while my hair is wet (I don't always comb, though). then I scrunch my hair for a few mins, and then dry with a T shirt or just let it air dry. once it's fully dry I'll run some coconut oil through it to tone down the frizz. the rest of the week, I comb it in the mornings and use ogx coconut miracle oil!

edit: I sleep with it down; I sleep on my back, so I don't really sleep on one side more than the other&&&yes, I just posted it a comment! :)&&&Ok thank you!! I just looked it up and I see there's an OGX cream and a butter. Do you know what the difference between these two would be?"
