index,id,comments
Old-Neighborhood-792,i6xg8v,"Layering products&&&I have 2a hair low porosity. I usually use a defining curl cream and a scrunching gel. My waves fall out mostly when I SOTC. Thought about maybe doing the curl cream,  strong hold gel and use mousse for light hold when I do the SOTC. Would that be too much products? Any reviews on moptop if you have used it. Maybe will try that.&&&The more gel you use creates the cast. But if you don't use as much it won't do that? I thought all gels caused a cast. It might be to heavy for my hair cause I realized it has shea butter. Is spray gel lighter?&&&How much gel do you use as in like a dime or quarter size? I usually use a little more then a quarter. I get out the shower scrunch plop hair on microfiber for 10 mins take down apply nym curl talk cream then the garnier sculpting gel, but it has shea butter to which is considered heavy. Then spray hair again and keep scrunching."
ftr-mmrs,i6xg8v,"2c/3a fine wavy here. I generally don't like curl cream if I am trying to enhance curl. I have been using leave-in followed by Pacifica Pineapple Swirl Curl Defining Cream if I shower at night because it gives me good day 2 frizz control and definition. But it seems to lengthen my curl pattern as a trade off.

Having said that, over 15 years ago my hair dresser introduced me to Mop Top C-System Curl Defining Cream, and by itself it gave me great hair. I stopped because it was discontinued. I heard it's back but I havent been able to get my hands on it since.

Nowadays if I want photo perfect hair, first leave-in, then I cocktail hard hold gel with a small amount of glycerin-free personal lube. Really. When I do this. I do the whole upside down apply in the shower plop scrunch dry SOTC. I only use a dime size amount each of leave-in and gel cocktail."
physicisting,i6xg8v,"2A/2B/2C Low porosity, fine wavie here. Gel casts never really feel right for me, and they give me a lot of buildup. My last wash day I layered curl cream and gel, but only enough gel to get a hold, not enough to form a cast. I never had to SOTC or touch my hair while it was drying, and it worked really well for me and I didn’t lose my waves! Maybe you could experiment with using less product so you don’t have to SOTC? Just a suggestion, Take what I say with a grain of salt because it’s super experimental even for me."
FrizzychunkCAT,i6wz2a,"Beautiful color and waves! Have you tried kinky curly custard for the styling product? When you scrunch it on wet hair,  immediately you can see the hair get much bouncier and tighter. It’s available everywhere in US.  I’m in love with Tigi Catwalk curls rock amplifier right now, but it’s not CGM approved so use caution. I have no recommendations for co-wash at the moment."
RadishDerp,i6wz2a,"What kinds of products/overall effect are you looking for? 

I have 2b/2c curls, and I like to go for a defined and smooth look, which I'm willing to sacrifice some volume for. The products I like to use for my stylers are Giovanni direct leave in conditioner, dippity do girls with curls curl cream, and Aussie headstrong volume gel. I find them super light weight, great at helping my curls clump, and moisturizing without weighing down my hair!"
The_Flurr,i6wz2a,What cream are you using? I can't find anything light enough for myself
backgroundnose,i6wz2a,"Hi I’m new to CG so I’ll let others weigh in here but I just want to say your hair looks amazing and I’m sure you’re going to get excellent results.

I would start with some cheapish generic products and then learn a little more about your hair every week and try to refine your routine. I knew nothing about porosity, protein/moisture balance, flash drying, diffusing techniques, and scalp health two months ago and it’s been an interesting learning experience. The cool thing is that you can get pretty good results quite quickly so it’s motivating. Just try and change one variable at a time."
bibitty-boppitty,i6wz2a,"I’m really simping on reddit now, smh"
bsurrett7,i6wz2a,"we have a similar hair type I believe and sheamoisture’s manuka & honey protein power treatment did WONDERS for tightening up my curl pattern!! it’s not cg approved, the only unapproved ingredient is beeswax and I looked it up and it seems harmless. 

also side note, your hair color is so pretty :)"
clarycha,i6wz2a,"Product recommendations? 2a/2b :)&&&&&&thank you so much, I’ll check it out!&&&Im the same with the definition and frizz control. I dont mind sacrificing volume since my hair is super thicc and doesnt need any more lol. I will 110% check out your products tysm!&&&also, any alternatives to DevaCurl’s delight line? I really want to stop using it, but I dont know what would give me equal or better results&&&😚😚"
lewan115,i6wz2a,"I also have 2a/2b hair but i find it's closer to 2c when i use Garnier Fructis curly gel (any drug store or Target). I use about a quarter size for each section of my hair and then plop. I used to never believe in plopping but it does wonders! My hair is also a little shorter than yours, but I've been growing mine out and find that as my hair gets longer it keeps my waves in tact for longer too"
thegreenwichmummy,i6wz2a,"Yess! I found Cantu’s curl activator worked for me too and I have 2A waves.. it’s really good, I need to repurchase as mine’s all finished.&&&I love SM JBCO leave-in, defo not as heavy as ppl think!

by the way your waves are gorgeous!! 🌊&&&Another nice lightweight cream is Boucleme’s curl cream. I love it but it’s really light so I like using it with the Noughty thirst aid spray for a little more moisture lock"
thejazzstuff,i6wz2a,"Styling: 

I know most CGM followers only use Gummy for slicking hair back but their gel does wonders for definition and isn’t sticky once it’s dry. 

I use Shea moisture’s JBCO leave-in conditioner underneath as it’s surprisingly light.

Edit: My hair is similar to yours but about 5 inches longer and frizzier. I tend to have an oily scalp with dry hair, so volume and definition is a real struggle for me, but your hair is such a pretty colour!"
theoneandonlyrae,i6wz2a,Try Cantu curl activator! I have 2b/2c myself but it definitely will straighten out after wash day with no products and a quarter size amount of Cantu scrunched upside down into sopping wet hair has got me obsessed with how the curls / waves turn out :) holds really impressively next day too. I don’t diffuse but I’ve also heard it does wonders
thor-the-fox-sin,i6wz2a,"Commenting so I can look into these products later, thank you!"
watsontheboxerdog,i6wz2a,"I have hair similar to yours although mine is a lot shorter so I’m not sure what the difference would be if there is one. 

My hair transformed as soon as I introduced a leave in conditioner and even though I didn’t think I had a big frizzy problem at all it’s helped really calm down my hair. I also use a light curl cream (almost a milk) to define my curls because I feel like it doesn’t weigh down my waves or be too heavy in my hair. 

Best advice I could give is not to overload your hair with overly thick or heavy products or just too much product in general. Hope that helps :)"
clarycha,i6wy22,"I need to replace my whole routine, please help!&&&Hi reddit! I have 2a/2b wavy, thick hair, on the coarser side. I used to have super crazy curls as a kid when I had it cut short. Since I’ve grown up its turned into much looser waves that have difficulty keeping their shape due to how heavy my hair is. 

[pics](https://www.reddit.com/r/Wavyhair/comments/i6wz2a/product_recommendations_2a2b/?utm_source=share&amp;amp;utm_medium=ios_app&amp;amp;utm_name=iossmf) 

My current routine is below, and it works pretty well as is, except I’ve ran out of one of my products that I love and cant buy more (discontinued a year ago) and I’m trying to get away from using DevaCurl. 
-Wash whenever my hair starts to feel gross (every 2 or 3 days) with the DevaCurl no-poo original and the DevaCurl one condition delight. I comb it out with conditioner in the shower before I rinse.
-When its still pretty wet I scrunch in my Madam CJ Walker curl whip styling souffle (which has been discontinued) 
-I plop it in either a microfiber towel or tshirt for around 10-15 minutes and then let it air dry. 

So I pretty much need a new routine all around because I’ve heard the horror stories about DevaCurl and I cant get my beloved souffle anymore :(

Please help! 💕"
angoli82,i6uzwn,I've been thinking about trying one out.  When and how do you use it in your routine?
c4thyyy,i6uzwn,I've used a few different ones and the one by Not Your Mother's smells the best. Not a weird ocean smell. It smells nice.
tryin2wave2u,i6uzwn,I second Not your mother's. That's my favorite. I've used the Love and Planet one too and it's pretty good. But NYM is my favorite.
yugobabyy,i6uzwn,"Good sea salt sprays?&&&Hi! I absolutely love sea salt sprays but I don’t like the smell (and I’m not even sure if it’s CGM friendly—I hope it is 😅 ) of the one I’m using now, so I was wondering if anyone has any sprays they recommend? Thank you!&&&Thank u so much!&&&Honestly my routine is pretty messy 😅 but I usually put it on after custard and mousse, when my hair is around 50%-80% dry! :-)"
FrizzychunkCAT,i6u6o5,Have you considered maybe your hair doesn’t like coconut? (Check out curly.lori.lane on IG. ) Either that or there’s something weighing it down. You have great natural texture and volume.
SubstantialGiraffe7,i6u6o5,Same day&&&&&&Yes I don’t think it likes coconut or any heavy oils.  It’s coarse and the volume is good.&&&Thanks I will check that out!&&&The top is not curly.  This is after washing with tres semme boutanique shampoo and conditioner.  I let it air dry.  Then I put la looks green gel and a tiny bit of Cantu leave in.  The top is too straight.  Hopefully the right cut will fix that.
Greatrisk,i6psiv,"I’m a super newbie myself (a couple weeks in) but you definitely need a gel for hold as someone else suggested, otherwise they will never stay. But the other thing I wanted to say is, time will also help. I’ve seen a vast improvement in the short time I’ve been doing a modified version of CGM!"
velvet_cozy,i6psiv,"First wash day trying new wavy/curly methods, not mad at it but I’d love advice on how to improve&&&&&&That makes sense, how do u usually apply gel (like what step) and how much? Also I shower at night so would spritz/scrunching with conditioner water be a good way to refresh my hair?&&&I recently trimmed off 4 inches of dead ends and I’d describe my hair as oily prone at the scalp, color treated, and prone to dryness frizz towards the ends

Shampoo: Shea Moisture Castor oil shampoo, first time using sulfate-free shampoo and I stuck to my usual double wash to make sure my scalp was clean
While shampooing and rinsing, I use one of those rubber scalp massagers to get out any leftover shampoo residue
Conditioner: overtone daily conditioner, trying to use the rest of the bottle, bc it’s a color conditioner I apply all of over my hair, gently finger comb any tangles and let it set while I shave and stuff
I tried squish to condish to get some wave clumps to form and then glazed with TIGI ego boost leave-in conditioner
Gently dried with t-shirt, applied Ouai rose hair oil and then plopped for about 20 minutes (will prolly switch to a different oil bc this one has a strong fragrance)
Took out plop and gathered hair into high genie-style ponytail and left overnight&&&Sorry I was in a rush and couldn’t add all my info
My hair is p thick with fine strands so oil/product build up is a concern so i try to wash every other day, plus I work out most days of the week and don’t want to deal with sweaty hair
Also sorry for the bad pic quality, the waves looked better in the mirror :/&&&Thank you! I’m in the process of moving for school so I’m kind of just working with the products I have atm but I’ll def be on the lookout for gel"
Candlehoarder615,i6m6bp,"When I clarify,  I use a deep conditioner or mask then follow with my regular styling products."
a_diddle,i6m6bp,"Clarifying wash question?&&&This might be a stupid question, but when you do a clarifying wash, are you supposed to style as normal afterwards or skip the product until the next wash? 

I did a clarifying wash the other but did not follow up with my normal routine to prevent immediately producing build up again and as expected had horrible hair days afterwards. Is this just an unavoidable part of CGM?"
angoli82,i6m6bp,"I style as usual after.  The clarifying shampoo gets rid of the build up so that you can continue to use the products on your hair.  At least, this is how I understand it."
saltinado,i6m6bp,"I usually have to deep condition after clarifying, or I end up with horrible stringy hair"
Mmadchef808,i6fihr,"Had success today's wash day!&&&&&&Tried a different method on my 2a fine

Used ag hair cloud mousse on sipping wet hair

The sprayed all over with r and co gel

Microplopped with t cotton shirt

High heat diffuse hover method till roots were dry

Then flipped diffuse dry pixie method

Noticed more volume, waves and my hair dried pretty fast

Scrunched our curls with just a little bit of ag cloud mousse again"
thegreenwichmummy,i6fihr,... I think I have curl envy!! So so gorgeous!! Xx
NoSpice4Me,i6ddn7,"Hey, I can't comment very much on length (although I notice that after cutting my hair to neck length-ish it is definitely curlier) and my hair is a little finer than yours, but I used to use the same conditioner as you and it was definitely too heavy for my hair. I also use mousse instead of gel which doesn't really have as much hold as gel but when I used gel it definitely felt too heavy. I like the DevaCurl Weightless Waves for conditioner and Herbal Essences Totally Twisted Mousse. I try to wash my hair earlier in the evening so I can scrunch it out before bed but oftentimes I just sleep in the mousse cast and kind of figure it out in the morning (shrug)."
Pey777,i6ddn7,"Does length matter?&&&Does length matter?

Weird title.

Anyways, I got my hair cut at the beginning of this summer into an A line bob and then started cgm a bit later (long story short, tried no poo for a bit and then saw the light). I live in a place with brutal humidity and dew points during summer, and I’ve had lots of frizzy and frustrating hair, kinda okay hair days, and some comments from my mom. I’m reaaaly hoping that fall will be easier! Now my hair is up to about my collarbones in the front and a bit shorter in back. I’ve gotten it highlighted two times this summer with several months in between. Also I can’t avoid all heat tools (senior pics, certain occasions) but I do my best and use protectant. 

I’m waiting for my hair to grow longer since it loves to be wavy at the mids and ends, but not the scalp. When it is longer (used to be very long, that was before I knew about CG/how to take care of it!) I plan on getting it colored a tad bit darker. But no bleach involved there.

Before I say my routine, my actual question is: does anyone prefer having longer hair for doing CGM, or is the “mid length cut” supposed to be my peak length? How the heck do I diffuse without an actual disaster (I have only tried pixie diffusing)?

Ok my routine. I don’t have a super predictable schedule, I kinda judge what products to use based on if my hair is dirty, if it’s dry, how much time I have, etc.

2a-2b, medium porosity, medium density, medium thickness (a bit more on fine side in some areas I think, but medium in general). 

Typical wash day: Love beauty and planet sea salt bergamot low poo, Shea moisture coconut hibiscus conditioner (scrunch and leave in for a minute or two and detangle), rinse, Maui moisture coconut curl milk leave in. While hair is sopping wet, use wide tooth comb to comb hair and scrunch. I don’t typically do stuff upside down because it makes my part weird, I am more side to side and ruffle my roots a lot. Get out of shower, microplop with either towel or turbie twist. After that I use Giovanni turbo charged foam and scrunch, let air dry and shake roots while it’s drying. At one point during before or after drying I scrunch in some jojoba oil. 

Usually it ends up just frizzy. I would diffuse but pixie diffusing has always ended in chaos. I find that gel makes my hair take more time to dry (and like I said, I haven’t had luck diffusing...) I have used gel once and had my hair dry all the way before I had to go to sleep or decided to quit (aka rinse it out and re style) because it looked like it may not dry well. I know that sounds weird, I don’t know either. Anyways the one time I let it dry all the way it turned out better than I though it would. But still, I need to a) figure out how to diffuse and sleep in the crunch, b)keep using only foam or c) blow dry my hair straight and on low with silicones until I figure this out. I have school coming up! Well, ok we will probably be online within a day because, uh, America. Also my mom is kinda like “you need to style your hair when it is short” so I feel like I gotta straighten it or make it look good wavy no matter what.

Also, I just got a my first protein treatment form target that I am going to try in a couple days for my next wash day! Maybe this be what I have needed the whole time...&&&Thank you! Never thought about changing my conditioner, seems a bit obvious to me now haha. A mousse does have a bit more hold than a foam, I’ll have to try that out.&&&Thank you so much! So by too much product do you think that the leave in coild be too heavy? I don’t leave in the conditioner but I could certainly change it up. I have a TJ’s tea tree tingle laying around that I could definitely make good use of, the lighter weight may do me some good.&&&Ooh that looks like it could work for me!"
WeAreStarless,i6ddn7,sounds like pixie diffusing is a technique that doesn't work for you! try [hammock diffusing](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MBkaec34Vkg)
aL_radish,i6ddn7,"that sounds like a lot of product for short hair, but even so it sounds maybe like you’re not getting the hair fully moisturized?

i’m fine/low porosity, undamaged hair & went from below shoulders to chin length. with longer hair, i found i needed more moisturizing products & protein (incl no poo & cowashing) but had to spend less time squishing to get clumps & waves to form. with the shorter hair it doesn’t not clump easily & it is hard to encourage the waves - after applying gel nowadays i have to come back and squish or rake periodically as it dries; i have lost volume & can’t believe i find myself wanting a little frizz! lol. i have been using products with protein & my hair is shiny, strong, and soft but i think it is overmoisturized. 

you are using shea butter & coconut oil, i found these to be rather drying for my hair when it was longer. maybe try switching up the products? (i’m currently using giovanni eco chic ones) i think i’ve heard glycerin & humidity don’t mix? that might be worth looking into, too. i also live in a humid summer climate & as long as i use a gel and/or a leave in conditioner i rarely experience frizz any more."
faux_maux_,i672c0,"Wash in with conditioner only, combing your hair in the shower while it’s wet. 

Find a good leave in conditioner or wave creme. When your hair is wet, scrunch some of it in and let it air dry without brushing it. This should let you see any natural wave."
ichoreventide,i672c0,"I'm on the edge of 1C and 2A like you, and to be honest, there's not a huge difference between the two. I just call it 2A most of the time because that makes it clear that it's wavy. 

Some of my wash days are barely 1C and others are 2A with some 2B mixed in... mostly depends on the products I use and how much of a PITA my hair wants to be that day lol.

You might not naturally have the type of wavy hair you want... but it's worth trying out the cgm to see your natural waves and decide if you like that."
sunflowerasters,i672c0,"how do you know if your hair is wavy?&&&okay so I feel like I sound stupid for this but I ran into a video the other day titled ""I didn't know my hair was curly/wavy"" or something along those lines and it got me thinking about my own hair?? I hope this is the right place to ask this anyways. sorry if it's not!

so for most of my life, my hair has been kind of a nightmare. It's thick and tangles easily, and turns into a rat's nest if left unbrushed for more than two days. I can't go a single day without brushing it, whereas my sibling could go a month. I am not exaggerating.

I have to wash and condition it regularly or it'll go back to tangling really easily. I guess that probably doesn't sound like that much work when I write it like that, but we've had to cut out knots to get them out before.

My hair is very high-maintenance, to the point where I had to start doing research myself on how to take care of my hair.  But it's hard, because my hair is unique in that regard. Straight hair isn't usually this hard to manage.

My dad has said my hair is frizzy, but I've never been sure about that. It does have a lot of flyaways, though, because I don't have hairspray. But I'm also not entirely sure about what 'frizz' is supposed to look like. If my hair's frizzy, then it's always been frizzy and I wouldn't know.

After going to the beach recently, my hair got a lot wavier even after I washed it. Of course, my hair doesn't wash out easily because it's so thick, but there were still noticeable waves?? I asked my sibling to brush my hair for me because it takes a lot of energy for me, and they commented on the waves. The next day after washing my hair again, the waves were still there. Initially I wrote it off as the high salt content, but we were swimming in freshwater and I'm not sure how high of a salt content that has.

My hair is still a little wavy, not really enough to form a 'S' but it's not like super-straight like the results that show up when you google 'straight hair'.

I know I'm probably being stupid for even thinking this, but since there's multiple videos like that I was just curious if it was possible that maybe we just didn't realize, if it's not straight? My brother has curly hair, but we're half-siblings so I don't know what side he got that from.

I feel like maybe I'm making a big deal of this because I do want wavy hair-- I've tried curling my hair before but it didn't hold, but I always when my hair's wavy if I wear a braid (or space buns) for a couple hours. (Especially if my hair was wet when I was putting it in.)

Again, sorry if this isn't the place to ask this question! I'll delete it if it's not, but I hope it's relevant enough to the topic.

TL;DR How do you tell if you hair type is 1C or 2A?

&#x200B;

edit: Thank you for all the help! I recently got a gel, and after trying it out discovering my hair really is wavy. &&&I forgot to reply to this one! Thank you.

I'd love any type of waves my hair would naturally have. More-so, this has all given me a new kind of hope for my hair, if that makes sense. Hours of fighting with my hair if I went more than a day without brushing it feels like it might finally make sense. 

It even seems like it'd make more sense for my hair to need so much conditioner. One particularly bad hair day can need half the bottle.&&&Ah, thank you! 

I don't have access to a leave in conditioner or wave cream it is a necessary?"
Veronica-Summers,i61rde,There are shampoos with water soluble silicones which might be the best thing for you!
fancylamp12,i61rde,"2A- can i use shampoo with silicones in it?&&&i recently switched to silicone free shampoo but noticed my hair really isn’t getting as wavy as it used to with argan oil shampoo and conditioner, the brand i use is maui moisture and i did a reset wash before switching to it. can i switch back to my old shampoo and conditioner?? or should i try a different maui moisture since the thickening properties although i love having thicker hair may be weighing down my hair which causes it to be unable to form waves the same way as before? my waves are best on the next day, but not the day i washed my hair and it used to be the opposite 

routine: i used to wash my hair every 2-3 days with OGX sulfate free argan oil of morocco shampoo, conditioner and hair mask. now i wash it every 2-3 days with maui moisture thicken and restore shampoo and conditioner. my hair usually only gets oily on the roots, but gets really dry at the bottom so when im washing my hair, i usually will shampoo the roots, then rinse so it travels down to the ends and then i put on conditioner starting at my ends then working up, but i try to not get too much on scalp because it'll get really oily if i do that. every other wash day i will do a hair mask, although i've been doing it a little more recently because i bleached it which has dried it out a little more although i'd say its still mostly healthy. i used to use leave-in conditoner that was just a spray so it wasn't as heavy, but since my hair got drier from the bleach i use cantu argan oil leave-in conditioner but only a little bit since its heavy. after my shower, i split my hair down the middle and then i put my hair in a soft t-shirt. the only problem with the t-shirt is if i let my hair 100% dry that way it will be wavy, but it ends up messy and frizzy, so lately i've been allowing it to dry in the towel then take my hair out of it then let it airdry and it will dry with waves.&&&do you have any suggestions?"
Old-Neighborhood-792,i5zyq9,Hair morning after no products no brushing&&&
MalangChic,i5zsaw,"I have really low porosity hair. I’ve started showering with lukewarm water which helps open up the cuticle and absorb product and hydrate my hair. Been using a sheamoisture leave in conditioner for extra hydration. And diffuse with cool air for volume. 

Also deep conditioning masks weekly help but you’ve to make sure you apply heat to hair for the mask to absorb so wrap a hot towel over your head while you have the mask in to ensure the product goes in 

I hope these help :)"
Old-Neighborhood-792,i5zsaw,"New routine. Would love any tips, tricks, or new products to try.&&&I have recently found out I'm a 2a with low porosity hair. 
Old routine:
I shampooed with Real Raw Argon Oil Miracle Healing Shampoothie like normal. I used the same conditioner and did the squishing with extra water for big curl clumps. Finish other shower stuff. Then I would squish hair again with more water and rinse all the conditioner out. Get out. Squeeze the excess water out with microfiber and twist hair up. 

Last night:
I shampooed like normal with the same one. Applied conditioner with more then usual, squished it into hair with extra water. Finish other stuff. Come back and used extra water to squish some more til my hair wasn't dripping as much. Plop with all hair on top of head instead of twisting up for 10 mins. Took hair down. It was more damp then usual vs the other routine. Turned head upside down and scrunched in Not Your Mothers Curl Talk defining cream. Took my Garnier curl sculpting gel and scrunched that in. Let hair air dry. Scrunched out the crunch when hair was completely dry. This gives me volume but waves not so defined. They fell mostly out within 2 hrs. 

Any new tips and tips for this routine I would appreciate it. Would like more defined waves.&&&I posted a picture to in another thread. Title hair next morning no products or brushing"
Liv_Kato,i5zr7c,"Check out Brad Mondo on YouTube, I followed (more or less) his tutorial."
creamiceandcakes,i5zr7c,"How to cut your own hair?&&&Hi all,  


Does anyone have tips on cutting your own wavy hair?

I have medium-length, not so thick wavy hair but all my hair is pretty much the same length. Normally I just chop off my ends but this doesn't improve the look of my hair very much. It also does not frame my face very well. My hair is not very thick so I think layers are out of the question.  


Any ideas or links to tutorials?&&&Ah okay thanks! I do straighten my hair every now and then and not looking to cut off too much length.&&&Aren't the ones he shows usually for straight hair?"
cyclonicseagull,i5zr7c,"Wavy hair is pretty forgiving, I have done a ponytail at the front of the head and chop into it for layers (loads of videos of this technique on YouTube, or look up unicorn cuts for a more sophisticated technique)

Most recently I cut my hair into a bob length, done with a ponytail at the back of the head and some patience, and cutting the front separate (section a Fringe triangle before you cut)

Once I cut my hair I always wash it straight after, then style and diffuse. There will always be a few clumps that look a little odd, and I just cut them further up the curl (as I said, very forgiving).

Do NOT do this if you ever straighten your hair. It will look weird."
snazzyscientist,i5zr7c,Manes by Mell on YouTube has 2 recent videos on cutting your own hair—one for looser curls/waves (unicorn haircut) and one for tighter curls (pigtail cut).  Those might help!
sabros_we,i5y4ry,"I did not really care about today's washday and suddenly, my hair decides to get wavy in areas where I couldn't really get a wave before.&&&&&&My routine: 

wash with a drug store sulfate free shampoo ( I live in Germany so I don't really have access to many cg brands)  
apply a small amount of conditioner with praying hands/roping then squish it in  
rinse out and apply a small amount of garnier aloe vera hair food as leave in  
apply homemade flaxseed gel and a bit of drugstore gel with praying hands, then scrunch,   
apply nivea curl mousse, scrunch it in and finish with a bit more flaxseed gel  
plop in a shirt for about 30-45min, then leave it to airdry  
once it's almost completely dry, I scrunch in a little more mousse

I've been doing a modified cgm for about three months now and started with basically straight hair that suddenly got wavy in the front after using rye flour as shampoo"
thegreenwichmummy,i5y4ry,Yayy!! They look lovely! Really shiny and defined too xx
L0002,i5pqrm,"HELP, super damaged, frizzy and low density hair !&&&Hi guys. I had a keratin two years ago and that totally destroyed my hair, my hair was original wavy but now it looks awful, is super dry, very very frizzy, more on the low density side and super fragile. I would like to know ¿What products and routine would you recommend me ? Thanks"
LAeclectic,i5ohae,"You could try applying a gel while your hair is wet rather than using a mousse on damp hair.  After conditioning, leave your hair pretty wet, apply the gel, and scrunch scrunch scrunch while wet.  Then use a cotton t-shirt to gently absorb the excess water.  Diffuse or air dry but don't touch your hair until it's absolutely dry, then scrunch out the crunch.

However, like u/Hairthrowaway2020 said, you could just have 2a hair.  You might want to try another curl hack like sleeping with your hair in a bun, perhaps with some stylers in it to give it some hold.  I also agree that your hair already looks great as it is!"
Maria_cjcr,i5ohae,Do you brush your hair while wet?
MuddledLime,i5ohae,I have similar hair to you and I use Not Your Mother's Curl Talk Defining Cream right out of the shower- hair still pretty wet. Then scrunch for about 30 seconds and put in a microfiber towel for about 10-20 minutes. Then remove from towel and scrunch again for about a minute then let air dry
OrderofOddfellows,i5ohae,"I would check out r/curlyhair. The curly girl method works on waves and I’ve gotten more definition and curl to my hair since starting to loosely follow it. I only wash once a week, I don’t brush (only detangle w comb in shower once wet) and I style w a leave in conditioner, curl product and finish with gel, which I let cast and then I scrunch out the crunch until it’s soft. I don’t use heat (will diffuse on cool) and try to avoid silicones, parabens and sulfates in the products I use."
PassionateGardener,i5ohae,"My hair looks a lot like yours on day 1. To keep the waves a little more compact and not as delicate, on the night of clean hair I will spray it with water to make it just a bit dakp, scrunch a tiny bit, then sleep in a silk bonnet. I don’t put any hair tie or clip in it while it’s tucked in the bonnet. In the morning the waves are much more defined and durable."
lazyeggg,i5ohae,"Any tips for wavies with similar hair type for stronger, more defined waves?&&&&&&Thanks for the advice&&&Routine:

Wash and condition every day with Kirkland Signature Moisture Shampoo and Condition (sulfate free but not silicone free)

Scrunch Suave mousse into damp hair, and let air dry.

My hair is pretty normal density, high porosity, and coarse. It doesnt form a nice ""s"" shape that I see many wavies have, but looks like I curled with a very large barrel curling iron instead. This results in a super loose spiral and if its a bad hair day, just a weird looking flip😔If you have any tips or product recs to get a tighter wave, I'd really appreciate it😊&&&Yess, ""delicate"" is the word I was trying to get at lol. Ooooo that sounds interesting, I do own a satin bonnet so I will try that! Thank you.&&&I've seen that product a lot on youtube and many seem to love it. I'm happy it works for you. I will add it to my lost of to--try's, thanks for the recc😊&&&Thank you☺! I just cut about 6 in off. It was quite damaged before, not from heat styling (too lazy for that🙃) but just from brushing it when it was dry and not giving it the moisture it needed. Now that I am a little more conscious of what my hair type needs, I hope it will stay healthy as I try to grow it out🤞"
sparklinH20,i5ohae,Just wanted to say your hair is gorgeous + looks so healthy!!
