index,id,comments
7875053063,isbqkr,Use some gel for a more definition and also try plopping with the t shirt
EquivalentFlounder2,isbqkr,"Is this one of or your first time? Might just need time to forget it usual straight pattern and return to waves.


Or it might be over protein and moisture. Watch some YouTube videos with similar titles."
Leora453,isbqkr,"I don’t even put my head upside or wrap my hair in a towel—just gently scrunch with a tshirt after putting in lightweight mousse. That’s helped my frizz a lot! They being said, I think your hair is gorgeous! 😍"
Madeitforthethread,isbqkr,What exactly do you hate about it? It looks gorgeous.
Retiredgiverofboners,isbqkr,Do a gel cast and diffuse
bslfsu,isbqkr,I agree — it looks great! Totally beachy and breezy. But maybe try some gel if you’d like a more “polished” look and less frizz.
tiffwil,isbqkr,I need advice!! This is my hair after washing then spraying with a leave-in conditioner and putting in a styling cream (IGK Mistress). I dried it by scrunching it with a T-shirt. How can I make it look better?? I hate it.&&&&&&Thank you! That’s so nice! Just looking for the holy grail I guess: more definition with less frizz but no crunchiness. If that makes sense. And something a bit more polished for work but where I don’t have to use heat.&&&I’ll check out more you tubes. I started to read the group FAQ (-or whatever they call it) and it was a lot of info!!&&&Ahh thank you!! And I need to do like you and use the t shirt from start to finish. I tend to wrap in a towel and then T-shirt scrunch&&&Ill try that! I bet I have a diffuser lying around here somewhere&&&Seems like a gel seems to be the overall consensus. I’ll get some!
mnw113011,isa4db,"I like it (my hair) 😉&&&&&&My routine tonight:

I mixed aloe with my shampoo (Maui moisture coconut milk) I then conditioned with a lot of Tresemme Pro Pure light moisture conditioner. 

I used a wet brush in the shower upside and then applied my products still in the shower so my hair can stay soaking wet for clumping. I used mousse (Ogx coconut curls) then la looks blue gel. Then mousse again. I plopped then diffused on medium heat upside down. I use a pic to fluff out my roots away from my scalp. Then to finish off I use a bit of bed head control freak to glaze over my frizzy parts."
c4thyyy,is9urs,"Have you ever had your hair cut dry? I used to have so many issues with layers sticking out strangely and my hair just not laying properly when I got it cut wet. It always looked good that day because they blow dried it straight, but once I washed it and let it air dry, it looked bad. I started going to a salon about 10 years ago that only cuts hair dry and that really works well for me because they can see how my hair is going to lay as they're cutting. I get shag haircuts now and never have weird layers that stick out. My layers blend well with the rest of my hair and help it to lay nicely."
summerdaythrowaway,is9urs,"I'd love haircut ideas that work well for our hair type. Preferably not lob or pixie.&&&If I get layers I get little weird pieces that stick out and if I get no layers I look like a triangle. . . .&&&I think my hair needs less body, not more. . .&&&Yes but maybe she just wasn't good at it because it did not help."
syd_ann96,is9urs,"I recently got my hair cut and I got some face framing pieces that start at my chin. I also got shorter layers. If the layers in my hair are too long they stick out at the bottom in a weird shape. The shorter my layers, the more body my hair has! Very low maintenance and easy to work with."
eclo99,irwpfx,Anyone ever used this? It foamed up so much which I wasn’t expecting&&&
jenniferroses,irwpfx,I liked it overall. Left my hair shiny.
jalapenohands,irp7uw,"First full wash, style, and diffuse was a success! Compared to my air dried hair which I also like.&&&&&&I was really nervous that I wasn’t going to diffuse properly!

Routine for the fully washed, styled, and diffused look:

Washed with VERB Ghost Shampoo

Used the Garnier Papaya Treat 3 in 1 as a deep conditioner. Detangle and squish to condish.

While hair is soaking wet, applied Curlsmith Weightless Air Dry Creme. Brushed product through with a Wet Brush. More squish to condish. Applied more product and scrunched.

Applied Curlsmith In Shower Styler Fixer (their version of an extreme hold gel) on soaking wet hair with praying hands. Slight scrunch.

Plop for 20ish minutes.

Hover diffused roots. Once roots were dry, attempted to diffuse the lengths of hair using the pixie diffuse method. Learned later I did not diffuse my hair enough as I then waited 6 hours for my hair to finish air drying. 

Scrunched out the crunch!

I’m pretty pleased as I was seriously thinking I was going to create more frizz with the diffuser. One mistake I made and would not recommend is I accidentally diffused my hair so that it fell in my face. If anyone has any tips for clipping hair back gently so as not to disturb while air drying please let me know! I had to gently attempt to move my hair out of my face to eat dinner and it was a huge pain. 

I did notice that I have a lot of smaller clumps. I’m not sure if that’s a transition phase thing or if it’s because I have high density hair."
Wavyhaircare,irovyq,"There are groups like /r/haircareexchange or groups on Facebook where you can sell or trade haircare products with others.  So that's one option.

If you're just happy with how things are going then maybe caring about the CGM in terms of ingredients just isn't for you? Not everyone with wavy or curly hair ""believes in"" the CGM. It's definitely not the only way. Some say the ""science"" behind why sulfates and silicones are 'bad is not very legit. I still don't really know what I 'believe' as far as all that goes. I started with CGM so I've continued to use the products that work for me. But I think if I were in your shoes, I'd stick with what was working and ""listen to my hair"" so to speak."
andy-23-0,irovyq,"Almost New Products with not approved ingredientes, now what? :(&&&I started the CGM 3 weeks ago and things are going great, even tho i was using products that contained ingredients not ""approved"". I just realized this tho, and literally i just bought them and use them ONCE. What should i do? i can't just leave it there forever :("
MalangChic,irnrq7,"Beautiful waves! It looks as if you have gotten them done professionally, thats how good they look"
Sewpuggy,irnrq7,"How do I get this? I'm several weeks in and no matter what product/process I try my hair looks scraggly. No clumps, just stringy dingy looking. Even after SOTC my hair still looks like it has a cast on it, and that it hasn't been combed in days. It's very disappointing, I feel messy and unprofessional looking."
_Tiny_Penguin_,irnrq7,Your hair looks so  beautiful! Is the leave in the curl butter?
cephalophile32,irnrq7,Wow! Your hair looks insanely healthy. Congrats on the success! #goals
prag1019,irnrq7,"Your hair is sooo shiny and bouncy, it almost looks like it could be part of a shampoo commercial! (I know that it's just the magic of figuring out what to do with your hair and trusting the process)."
thartson,irnrq7,"3 months in and happy with the progress! 2a/b waves&&&&&&Routine:
Using the Garnier Curl Nourish (coconut) line:
Shampoo and massage scalp
Detangle with conditioner and wet brush
S2C (leave in 5 min)
Wash conditioner out fully
Add leave-in from same line (S2C)
Micro plop with microfiber towel
Add Aussie Instant Freeze gel with prayer hands and scrunch
Root clip and let air dry for about 10 min 
Diffuse by hovering and pixie medium high heat until 75% dry
Root clip again 
*first time trying: I sprayed Aquage texturizing spray (probably not CGM approved) on my diffused hair since I never get any kind of gel cast (low porosity hair). 
Fluffed and SOTC (or what tiny bit of crunch there was haha)&&&Awe thanks 🥰&&&Thank you! It’s the air dry butter cream&&&Awe thank you 😊&&&Thanks! I also have never bleached or dyed it, so luckily my journey started off with just heat damage. Good luck with your journey!!!&&&Thank you 🙈&&&I struggled with that a bit too, and one big thing that has helped me keep my clumps clumped, is making sure to scrunch slowly and carefully. I bring the hair to my head (while upside down) and then I pulse squeeze to get some water out (I don’t want to get too much out since my hair is low porosity and I will squish it more when I micro plop...which I also do slowly and with care), and then I release the hair with care. If I do it quickly, my clumps can separate and I get stringy pieces...also, watching swavy Courtney’s “flash drying” video helped me too!"
ughomgg,irnrq7,How do you root clip? Looks amazing!
widget18899,irnrq7,Your hair looks so healthy. I’m jealous!
Clairepants,irfqil,"I just found this post after making my own asking for CPAP tips!  I use the Dreamwear with nasal pillows, which is not a full face mask and just has 1 strap in back to keep it on.  It's been the best for my comfort and breathing at night, but not for my hair because it slides all around and totally off my head unless I secure the strap around a very tight bun in back :(

Have you found any tips that work for you since making this post?"
DaisyMaeBe,irfqil,I second putting your hair in a pineapple.  This is what I do.
Ok-Yak-2963,irfqil,Wavy Hair & Cpap Masks&&&Any fellow cpap users have suggestions on how to maintain your waves while wearing your mask? So far very loose braids have been my ideal style but I find the head gear totally flattens out my waves on top. (I use the Resmed f20)&&&It is over al of my hair the strains cover pretty much my whole head. I’m not familiar with the pineapple I’ll have to look into it!&&&Thank you! I’ll try it&&&Thank you!! I’ll have to give that a try!
tanyamothertucker,irfqil,"I use the F10 and it seems like they have similar head gear. My hair is too short to pineapple, so I use a slap. It’s a satin-lined cap. I fit all of my hair in it upside down so it fills the bottom of the cap then I fit the headgear around the bump of the cap. The slap has changed my life. I’m on third day hair and that is unprecedented."
volligtoll,irfqil,"Are you wearing it completely on top of all your hair? Just looking at pics of that model it looks like you could pull the front top of your hair up and have the mask strap lay under the hair. Or loosely pineapple the top part of hair to keep it from tangling maybe. 
My husband uses a cpap with a different mask and yeah I’d struggle with second day hair."
Old-Neighborhood-792,irfk79,This is my hair today. Any tips on more defined waves?&&&&&&I did damp styling today and just scrunched in water. Yesterday I wash with live clean shampoo and conditioner. Rinsed completely out. Scrunched water in then applied dove volume and fullness mousse and scrunched. Applied tresemme curl gel and aussie instant freeze. Scrunched in. Think I used too many products and applied all too dripping wet hair. Didn't like the results yesterday.
thartson,irfk79,"I have dark hair too and I feel like that makes waves hard to see. Maybe try finger coiling or a denman brush for more definition. Also, I find root clipping helps get the curls off my scalp and away from each other which makes them more visible for me! Hope that helps!"
Bike_Pretty,ircv2n,“Succombed” is *chef’s kiss*&&&I really love the math involved in this comment
Daisyfay1414,ircv2n,My top tip is to ditch products with glycerin. I live in the South of the US and it has made such a difference . Zero frizz
From_the_Matriarchy,ircv2n,"I'm saving this, thanks!&&&Same. Some water helps, and I usually get better wave action too, because I add more gel or foam...can't do too much at a time without weighing down the hair.

 It's wild because I thought my whole life I had straight hair. I learnt CGM for my daughters, not for me. But struggled with plopping and stuff so did the routine on myself to practice and whaddyaknow, waves! 

My hair never had any frizz to speak of pre CGM, probably because of its low porosity. Compared to that, I have to accept some frizz if I want any wavy action going - and I do, lol."
Goldilocks_Paradox,ircv2n,"I tried not to comb my hair for a few weeks but I got an insane amount of knots and overal it just became a mess, so I've succumbed (succombed?) to combing again. :p"
Liquid_Panic,ircv2n,I’ve just accepted I have to wash my hair more frequently and comb it out in the shower every other day. I have very fine hair and by day 3 my hair is one giant knot but combs out easy with conditioner and water.
MalangChic,ircv2n, Oh my god I feel this
NovatheScotia,ircv2n,Silk pillow cases and put your hair in a braid while you sleep. Then de tangle with conditioner on wash day
ObtZ,ircv2n,"Soaking wet styling, strong hold gel and finish off with a sealing oil! Or follow manes by mell’s prep style finish technique :)"
PumpernickelParty,ircv2n,"Eternally frizzy&&&&&&> What do you do to battle it?

I make memes. Hope that helps"
amooni95,ircv2n,"I section my hair into 32 section (4 main quadrants then divide each quadrant into another quadrant then take those 16 sections and divide each into 2 sections, creating a total of 32 sections; each main quadrant has 8 sections).
I take each section and use my fingers to smooth out the root, sometimes I need to spray a bit or hairspray on my finger tips to help smooth things down without saturating the hair. Between smoothing the roots and putting my hair in its general location/quadrant that it should be in, my hair ends up looking polished no matter how chaotic my wave pattern is that day. Hope this helps!:)"
bklynamyra,ircv2n,One time my brother told me my hair type was frizzy and I almost hit him
dilf314,ircv2n,I’ve never gotten frizz from not combing my hair :p
eatpoetry,ircv2n,"Get a brush wet and brush it! And then put in some anti-frizz styling cream. I used to use an avocado oil one in middle school that was fairly cheap. No combs are going to touch my hair, unless it's like super oily"
happilyeverbonnie,ircv2n,Saaaaaame
headoverheels14,ircv2n,I just brush it less now. I used to brush my hair several times a day. Now I try to only brush it on third day hair. I do think brushing less has helped my hair.
heehaw13,ircv2n,pain.&&&hairs not long enough for a braid 😔
jmom7,ircv2n,"100% agree! What do you do to battle it? My hair is very high porosity, wants to be frizzy in humidity, and looks stringy with gel. Ugh!"
moondreamer7,ircv2n,"After sleeping I damp my hair with praying hands method. I also put water on my roots and sleek the frizz there with my hands. Works fine. Some frizz is normal, helps with volume. I also try to embrace it as a part of a bit messy and wild hair aesthetic."
sagefairyy,ircv2n,Exactly the reason why l gave up on not brushing my hair 🤣
vssecret,ircv2n,I feel personally attacked by this post and I am calling the police
yalleverbeentoaparty,ircv2n,100%
5317537,irc62r,Do you mind sharing some of your favorite products? It sounds like we have very similar hair and I'm having the hardest time finding products that work for me :/
Ainzlei839,irc62r,"Yep! I was gonna add this one! I have wavy hair and if I do the full CGM and don’t brush, my day two hair looks very messy and unkempt. I just look like I live under a bridge honestly. I *must* brush on day 2, but not necessarily day 1. My scalp also really appreciates being massaged and invigorated!&&&I agree with some other comments that 1. Brushing works for me and waves 2. No poo is pretty much off the table, low poo can work though, and 3. Less heavy products are typically needed. 

My addition is that I like to embrace fluffiness. That’s sort of something the CGM likes to avoid, and it wants to have smooth defined curls. On my hair that can sort of read as “greasy” or “limp” (depending on the day), and I actually really like fluffy, big waves. This kind of ties in with the “no brushing rule” in CGM"
Bamagal77,irc62r,"Because I have fine hair, I cannot use any heavy products at all. This includes the Shea Moisture and Cantu. I've tried many times but they are just too heavy. Some heavier products I can use if I use a tiny, tiny drop and mix it in my hand with lots of water. I also have to use a clarifying shampoo more because even though I may be using silicone free, stuff still builds up more. A light mousse works better than gel and I definitely cannot add product with soaking wet hair, I have to let it sit dry about 10-15 min first. And last thing, I can't use leave in, oil, and gel. I can usually only use one product or maybe mousse and spray gel if I use them sparingly."
BebeCrow777,irc62r,"The whole “not brushing your hair unless wet” thing... I have 2b/2c and am just learning about my hair and experimenting, but I have noticed other wavies commenting that they dry brush (sometimes as a refresh prep) or to create roller waves. I’d love to see more posts about this part of people’s routines to help me figure out my own hair! :)"
BlackWhiteStriped,irc62r,CO WASHING
Candlehoarder615,irc62r,"I'm a 2a/b wavy with thick, high porosity hair and can't cowash. I have to use a low poo twice a week and clarify at least once every 4-6 weeks."
Canrainallthetime,irc62r,What mousse are you using?&&&Scrunching the crunch out of a gel cast has never worked for me- just leaves undefined poof.&&&What gel are you using?
Coconut_Rhubarb,irc62r,"I have super thick hair that is super wavy with occasional ringlets underneath and super straight and limp on top. I have been trying the CGM for about a year now with limited results (aka the bottom gets wavier but the top does not).

Things that do NOT work for my hair:
- cowashing or thick leave-in conditioners (my hair gets weighed down) 
- not brushing (when I squish to condish and avoid brushing, my hair becomes wavier yes but super ratty and frizzy)
- gel and scrunch method also just leaves my hair ratty and frizzy
- oils, even the slightest amount, weigh down my hair and it goes pin straight as a result 

I know that I have had lots of years of heat damage on my top layers, so I am working to repair that in the hopes that it will restore my top layer waves, but as of now, I am very frustrated at my lack of progress. 

What works for my hair:

- deep conditioning and rinsing (my favourite deep conditioner is Jessi Curls which has Shea butter)
- washing with clarifying shampoo once a week
- light leave-in conditioner (avoiding roots)
- avoiding heat damage
- brushing out my hair after washing and applying some silicone free gel before twisting it into a bun with a scrunchie (this allows touchable waves to develop but they aren’t actually in line with my “wave pattern”)"
Electricpoopaloop,irc62r,What mousse do you use??
FloraFit,irc62r,"The recommended products have a butt ton of oils that weigh down my hair. My hair literally got straighter after starting CGM. Also LOL @ combing it when it’s wet, it tangles extremely easily and SNAPS OFF if you try to get through it when wet. 

What does work for me: clarifying, tons and tons of protein, light weight moisturizers and mousses, very gentle combing when completely dry."
Jasmisne,irc62r,"I just want to chime in with that at least for me, cgm has been awesome, but I think it is only because I have really low porosity, i spray water on my hair and it literally sits on top, I can barely get it to hold dye, it is basically friggen hydrophobic. 

So I use HEAVY products, but products designed for low po, and always with warm water and on wet hair. I have to add water while shampooing because the top will dry up and it wont lather, and I use a pre-poo under a shower cap that primes my hair for the wash. I basically use products other wavies do not seem to like, even though I have 2a hair. I think porosity is at times more important than curl pattern, most of my products are intended for type four hair but they work!"
Jenn-bird1217,irc62r,"What do you guys do at night then if not plopping ? I also never know how to make my hair look nice the next morning&&&Mine either and it frustrated me because how am I supposed to protect my hair at night and fix it in the morning&&&Do you refresh your hair ?&&&Yeah I’m confused on refreshing because when I sleep on my waves my hair is flat the next day and idk how to fix it&&&Ugh I find nothing is working for me. My hair is pretty thick but not very coarse, it can frizz easy and gets weighed down easy to. I find that any method I try makes no sense and I never know what to do with it at night or the next morning because plopping doesn’t seem to working at all for me. A girl needs help 😔"
KnutselMuts,irc62r,"Hi! I also wanted to share my experience with the Curly Girl method :) I tried it for a 3 weeks, but it was not right the thing for my hair. Cowashing did not really make my hair greasy, but it also didn't define my waves. Instead, I switch between a sulfate (a very mild product by Garnier) and sulfate-free shampoo every wash. This works way better than cowashing! I still avoid silicones, as my hair seems to not like them. Currently trying out mousse instead of gel, as it is lighter but I am not sure yet which one I prefer better. Hope it helps!"
MalangChic,irc62r,Can’t pile on product on product. I am quite tempted as I’ve spent a good amount on buying lots of cgm stuff and I’d like to not let it waste. But truly less is more
MrsRadioJunk,irc62r,"I think I need to brush dry before bedtime, sleep however, and then rewet in the am. If I don't brush before bed I'm finding that my scalp is oilier. (This is a work in progress though so let me know your experiences!)"
MrsTruce,irc62r,"Another 2c/3a here. I wanted the Denman brush to work SO BADLY, but it just wasn't going to happen. I have been CG for a year and a half now, and I just discovered about 2 weeks ago that my wonky bits just really wanted prayer hands for styling. I've been so happy with my hair since I stopped breaking up my pattern so much."
ObtZ,irc62r,"Pretty much all of it, I have to use sulfates and silicones or my hair gets angry at me and has a breakdown my hair is like a toddler lol"
Rare-Doughnut,irc62r,"The thing that has always bothered me about plopping is the fact that bringing all your hair foward has the hair at the back reaching further than the rest, which means that you can't get the definition you can get with the front hair. 

Also (idk if anyone else experiences this) using protein products makes my hair really smooth (for a few hours) but ruins any wave pattern."
RedKitty37,irc62r,"For me, I have to be very careful about the type of moisture I use. I have very, very fine hair that gets weighed down easily and if I use the wrong thing, gets greasy and stringy even though it craves moisture. I have found oils to be a no go. Doesn't seem to matter what kind, although coconut oil is easily the worst. My hair does love shea butter in moderation though. I use a leave in with shea butter but find the best success when I apply that when my hair is dripping wet. I apply a lightweight mousse after plopping for 5-10 minutes. I scrunch it up and let it air dry before SOTC. I have toddler-type hair though, so this may not work for all."
Scarlet_Warrior,irc62r,"I do use gel but everything else here I agree with 100%. Shea products and products heavy on oils are a no-go. I shampoo 2x per week and clarify at least once per month. The [cglite site](https://www.curlsbot.com/cg-lite/) has been a big help.&&&I am so glad to see this community taking shape! Love all the updates and thank you for working so hard on this!  I just want to add that a lot of the CG method has worked for me, I’m just learning it needs some tweaks. The transformation to hair health since discovering CG has been a huge win, starting with the reset wash, cutting out silicones, taking it easy with the shampoo, using gel, learning how to diffuse, etc. So some of the fundamentals are still really important, I think. But I definitely have some different needs, particularly when it comes to not weighing my hair down by heavy products or cowashing, and having to reduce build-up more frequently.  Also my bedtime hair routine is much different. I can’t just pineapple and go. I do sort of a hybrid of pineappling and Medusa clipping."
Veronica-Summers,irc62r,Most CGM work for me but just not all at once. I need to use a lot less than they advice and lighter products. I tend to look there for brands that a CGM friendly and then pick their lightest products. I love NYM coconut water shampoo and the She’s Moisture coconut hibiscus moose works great but any more then a penny sized amount of the curl smoothie weighs me down and I look greasy.
VintageWitchcraft,irc62r,"I have super fine hair and I was struggling with hair breakage until I found the right products to bring moisture and protein into my hair. If you are gently detangling your hair, from the ends to root, you may want to look into it."
WeAreStarless,irc62r,"What about the curly girl method does not work for wavies?&&&Hi there!

&#x200B;

First I wanna say, thank you for all the great feedback I've received on [what we want this subreddit to be](https://www.reddit.com/r/Wavyhair/comments/ilv5hi/calling_all_wavies_what_do_you_want_this/). Some suggestions were easy to implement: I have added a ""memes / laughs"" post flair, I've added a ""no self promotion"" rule, and I've changed the ""wavy positivity only"" into a ""no wavy negativity"" rule because it was brought to my attention that many wavies' hair is versatile and can be worn both straight and wavy.

The issue that was mentioned by far the most is that the curly girl method as outlined in most communities, including r/curlyhair, does not work (as well) for wavies. I have to admit that this is where I'm out of my depth, being a wavy of the 2c, dense- and coarse-haired variety, for whom the curly girl method has always worked perfectly. So I'm looking for some more specific feedback! Because the curly girl method is not just one singular thing, it's a guide containing many different rules regarding products and techniques, I need to know what *exactly* it is that isn't applicable to wavies. So I have two questions:

&#x200B;

* What aspect(s) of the curly girl method have you tried and have failed for you?
* What are you doing instead that *is* working for you?

&#x200B;

I am hoping that if we collect enough of these alternative product and technique suggestions we can build our wiki based upon it! I would love for the wiki to be something we can write together, and for us to create a wavy girl method. I will also be putting another post up soon, asking for product recommendations in different categories; I think I'll start with shampoos.

Also, if you have more, or different, ideas on how to build our wiki, please let me know! I'm just making all of this up as I go along, and there might be better ways of approaching it.

&#x200B;

Thank you all so much!&&&It's in the works!&&&Oh, I don't like the sound of that stylist at all. Who is she to dictate those things? Someone knowledgable would know that everybody's hair is different and that you therefore can't put everyone on the same wash-two-times-a-week schedule. It makes me doubt whether she's capable of adapting her cutting and styling techniques to the curl type in front of her. Especially with the request to grow it out longer; does she not know how to give good cuts to short(er) hair? Honestly, I would recommend cancelling the appointment and just taking the scissors into your own hands.&&&You might be better off sharing this in a post of its own so that people can help you!"
acariciarr,irc62r,plopping. my hair just doesn’t like it.
amandacisi,irc62r,"I have medium hair, a LOT of it, and I’m in a humid environment. Not being able to use silicones REALLY limited my arsenal for dealing with frizz. I also can’t have super heavy products in my hair. 

I have been using sulfates and silicones again and just working on heat protection as well as testing to see what my hair needs as fair as the protein/moisture balance is concerned. That way I can use the appropriate products and now I have a much easier time managing my frizz"
amateurindoorfarmer,irc62r,">es but they are just too heavy. Some heavier products I can use if I use a tiny, tiny drop and mix it in my hand with lots of water. I also have to use a clarifying shampoo more because even though I may be using silicone free, stuff still builds up more. A light mousse works better than gel and I definitely cannot add product with soaking wet hair, I have to let it sit dry about 10-15 min first. 

YESSS with the Shea Moisture not working! My SIL has curly hair and highly recommended it and it really took all of my slight waves away."
ausheidi,irc62r,"I want wild fluffy round crazy hair too. I ldgaf most days about sleek. I mean i don’t want so much frizz I look electrified but the more body and volume the better 🤷‍♀️.&&&I have the same dermatitis (front hairline, eyebrows, sides of nose, ears) and I use Ketoconozole shampoo that my dr prescribed. I get 3 bottles at a time but I don’t use them all so it last forever. Lather, keep on for 5 mins (that’s the worst part) and rinse. Then touch up every few days to weeks as needed. Sometimes I only do 2-3 mins if I’m not flaky/scaly. It’s amazing."
baebeque,irc62r,I have the same problem with my hair being almost straight at the roots! Drives me crazy because I can have great curls but not nearly enough volume at the roots
bemydarkling,irc62r,This. This sums it up for me. My hair cant handle too many products and needs to be clarified all the time. I would add the heavy emphasis on moisture that the curly sub has had never worked for me. My hair gets sad and limp.
blueeberrybliss,irc62r,what kindof giovanni products do u use?
brinner18,irc62r,What brands are you using for your current product lineup? Sounds like we have similar hair situations going on and I’m feeling stuck
builtthiscityon,irc62r,"Everything? Lol. Just kidding. Here are the problems I’ve run into: 

-Easily becoming over moisturized and over-proteined. Lots of this has to do with having hard and soft water. 
- having soft water where I live in the USA it is especially soft and I’ve been treating products in my hair like I would hard water. The osmosis and pH of some products leads to way too much water clogging up the hairs. (I have virgin 2b-2b-3a mix of hair fine and medium coarseness scattered all over).
- finding the correct type of oil and HOW to use it seems to be completely opposite for wavy hair than it is curly hair
- confusing over moisturized hair with hygral fatigue. It’s easy to think you’re having a bad hair day and blame it on the weather. Waives seems to have inconsistent results most of the time. This is probably why. We can easily excuse lackluster waves and blame it on various things without being able to differentiate the beginning stages of a different problem developing"
dbonatucci,irc62r,Me too!!!!!
dianalusky,irc62r,I’ve been reading through this thread and see SO many tips that seem to fit with my experience trying CGM on my fine 2b waves. I would love if this sub created its own holy grail product list like the one on the curlyhair sub! I desperately need some product recommendations that will work for me.
dreamsmarter,irc62r,"I have fine, 2-something, medium density, low porosity hair.

-I need fewer products. I prefer a light leave in and a single styler.

-I need lighter but still very hydrating products. I use nothing with Shea, heavy oils, butters....

-I DO use argan oil in between my leave in and my styler and I love it as long as I don't use too much.

-I'm protein and coconut free for the most part.

-Refreshing is kinda impossible but brushing it out the next day works well."
emishiffkabob1,irc62r,"I’ve been curly girl/curly girl adjacent for about 2 years now with mixed results. My hair is 2b/2c depending on its mood, long and low porosity. 

One of my biggest frustrations was finding how to have well cared for hair with a somewhat dirty job. It’s not all the time, but I spend a decent amount of my day out and about and washing les frequently just cannot work for me so finding a shampoo that is both gentle enough on the waves and effective enough has been a real challenge. I wash about every other day and that’s as infrequent as I can get it. 

Conditioner wise, I’ve been using DevaCurl’s wavy conditioner but just much less of it than recommended and that’s worked ok. Not thrilling but bout enough to change it before I ran out of the huge bottle someone bought me. I cannot cowash. It just isn’t gonna happen with my set up. 

Plopping has also never worked for me. My hair is just too low porosity. I have to at least lightly towel dry it before I put any sort of other products on or it just will never dry. Combing while wet works for me. I haven’t found a brush/brushing technique that doesn’t make me look like Hermione Granger circa Sorcerer’s Stone. 

I use a very light but shockingly effective leave in conditioner I bought on a whim at Target from a brand called Odele. Idk why it works so well but it’s got just the right amount of moisture without being heavy and I don’t need to pile it on   It’s been a real gem in my routine so much so that I’m trying out their shampoos and conditioners to see if it’s a fluke or not. 

I do use a gel. I haven’t found a mousse I’ve been hugely thrilled with and I live in a very humid area. I need that extra hold. The gel I’m currently using has argan oil in it and some protein and doesn’t get too crunchy so that’s nice. 

For high humidity days, I’ve started experimenting with DevaCurl’s hairspray. Haven’t done too much of it since I only got it like a week ago but hairspray of any kind is a must have for frizz for me."
gach_kara,irc62r,"Finger coiling and using the denman brush!! I have fine and very soft 2b-3a hair that doesn’t hold unless I use a lot of mousse and gel. when I try and finger coil or use the denman brush I just elongate my curls/ waves. I go from having 2c/3a hair to 2b waves that don’t hold. I find the best for me is to take product in while my hair is wet, scrunch out any excess water and product while creating clumps, plopping, and then adding more product. Also rice rinses are a life saver for added protein to give my hair hold! 

I also second all the posts on heavy products. My go to shampoo, conditioner, mousse and gel are all from the Giovanni hair care line."
geaux_gurt,irc62r,Can you tell me more about roller waves? I’ve tried to do the no brushing unless wet but my hairs really thick and I get huge knots at the nape of my neck
happy_berry,irc62r,"I have very thick, coarse, type 2 hair. Canopy is 2b and 2c but the layers underneath are 2a, though I have a feeling this is also due to the length and weight (I need a cut and would definitely benefit from layers). Length is to mid-back. 

Leave-in conditioner at the roots is a no-go. I can put a lot of product from mids to ends, but if I saturate the roots too much (even with gel) it will be greasy by Day 2. Also didn't work for me: S2C with conditioner + water in a bowl (too heavy). 

Instead: I use Not Your Mother's leave-in spray conditioner and use only 3-4 sprays total. Beginning at mids and ends, then working my way up. 

Plopping: I used tshirt and microfiber plopping for the first 6mos but never felt like it was optimal. Routine was leave-in, plop, gel, then diffuse. With this method I would either get greasy/weighed down hair or I would end up with more halo frizz than I do now. 

Instead: Now I apply leave-in and gel in the shower, upside down and with soaking wet hair. Section hair, comb through, then plop into an Aquis microfiber towel. Leave for 20-30mins then diffuse or air dry if I don't have time. I still have an issue with halo frizz but it's not as bad and preferred over have flat hair at the roots + greasy feeling.

Oils - used very, very sparingly as a finishing product, mainly on ends when I refresh. Oil treatments are awesome. 

Cowashing works great for me and I will typically cowash or rinse my hair every other day. I've found that I can't go as long without washing and if I try to, my hair will get very stringy and flat looking.

I personally don't dry brush, wear my hair straight, or use rollers/irons. I also avoid oil-heavy products in general, don't use coconut oil at all, and prefer to rinse or cowash + reset instead of using dry shampoo. Protein treatments are great for my hair. 

Thanks for putting this together and doing all of the work for this community!"
holycannoliravioli,irc62r,Can you share what you’ve found in the area of milder sulfate + hydrating formula shampoos??
icreatedmyself,irc62r,Same here. Drives me crazy. I wish I could
jabronypony4,irc62r,This! I have low porosity hair and I desperately want to plop because my hair is just soaking and instantly regret it every time.
jbirdybird,irc62r,"Saturating my hair with a TON of moisture before applying leave ins or any holding product does not work for my 2c low porosity waves. It makes the curls  

1. Take forever to dry
2. Look thick and unnatural
3. Eventually look greasy

I have much more success if I remove a good amount of moisture before I put my product in. I leave just enough water to hear a light “squelch,” but I don’t have my head soaking wet like I used to.

I also don’t put conditioner on my roots, despite what the OG beginner method says to do. I get much more volume this way."
khillkh,irc62r,What's a rice rinse?
kordulap,irc62r,"Sulfate-free doesn't work for me. I've tried several products in the last two years and every time I ended up experiencing increased hair loss, matted and tangled hair and washing was a real pain. Instead I look out for shampoos with somewhat milder sulfates and hydrating formulas. I also wash my hair quite often. 

Also, I have shoulder length, fine hair and plopping always gets me nice hair in the front, but really weird hair in the back that sticks to my head. 

I'm still experiencing with gel, which is a hit or miss. It works well with small amounts diluted with water as a refresh routine, but applied to soaking wet hair, although I get a good cast, I can't seem to get the cast out because of how fine my hair is. 

Also, I like to dry brush at least once or twice a week otherwise my hair gets knotted and tangled. However I use a wide-tooth comb or loose bamboo brush to minimize frizz."
lildeidei,irc62r,What’s a Denman brush?
linzhill1413,irc62r,"I am looking for some curl cremes with protein.  What have you tried? I used to use aveda curly enhancer (has hydrolyzed wheat protein and aloe) before trying no silicone products and now I don’t know what to use. 
I also have a kinda flat or wavy crown on my head and then pretty good curls near the bottom half. I try products that are light. But I am also thinking taking some length off my hair and adding some layers usually helps me with that. Need the right stylist."
littlebatwitch,irc62r,"I have medium-fine 2b/2c, normal porosity hair.

I can’t do low/no-poo shampoos at all. I can do heavier products but in less quantities, but I’d rather just use something not too heavy. I have to use something cleansing, but I have eczema so trying to find something that doesn’t irritate me is a bit tough, lol. I like Giovanni shampoo and conditioners for these reasons though. Not too harsh and not too heavy.

I don’t like layering on so much product either, otherwise my hair will look so greasy. 😣 I just stick to a leave-in and a curl cream with protein. If I’m planning on going out, I will use either a gel or mousse. Sometimes I do use both for that extra hold and my hair still looks great! But I still have to be careful with gel because even using a little too much will make my hair look greasy.

I put on all my product while my hair is soaking wet. My hair tangles extremely easily and keeping my hair soaking wet helps my hair clump better. I brush my hair during a shower for same reason. 

I’m still trying to find better ways to style my hair for better curl consistency and clumping. I’d love to try a denman brush because finger coiling is difficult for me because of how terrible my hair tangles. ;( Methods like squish to condish, plopping, and scrunching work well for me, though!

I’d love to see if more wavies and curlies have a similar problem as me where the hair is straight/almost-straight at the roots and only curls at the bottom half of the hair and how they deal with it!! I’ve sort of resigned to my fate at this point. 😔"
loathe-entirely,irc62r,"Thank you for this, I get the exact same issues when trying to keep as much moisture in my hair as possible before adding product and I’ve constantly wondered what I’m doing wrong because it always takes ages to dry (I’m talking 24 hours) and looks terrible! I’m going to try this and hope for the best!"
milleniumshrimp102,irc62r,"I can’t co-wash and I need to shampoo everything night. About a year ago I made it through 3 months of low-poo with a clarifying wash every 2-3 days and hated it. My scalp was itchy, my acne flared badly and my hair looked greasy and lifeless except for wash days.

I’m scheduled for an appointment with a curly stylist in 6 months away. The stylist my appointment is with has requested I grow my hair out longer and wash only twice a week before my appointment. I have very thick, coarse hair that makes me hot when it lays on my neck, so I’m not excited about the grow-it-out request.  I can’t handle having dirty hair and constant bad acne again. I’m feeling very apprehensive about this appointment. The only reason I haven’t  canceled the appointment is because it was so hard to even get scheduled. I’m feeling really frustrated with my hair.

Do you wavy girls think it is worth keeping this appointment? This stylist is level 3 DevaCurl trained/certified."
mondoburgerislife,irc62r,"From the get-go I knew that I wasn’t gonna be able to get away with cowashing. So I use a CGM shampoo twice a week, and I still need to clarify every other week.

I do have all of the lotions and potions that CGM recommends, and I have only been following the method for about eight months. Outside of cowashing, I initially was having consistent but not great results by following the beginner routine. 

The last two months or so I’ve been experimenting with removing certain parts of the routine to see how my hair reacts to it. Right now my hair seems to not need a lot of moisture, but I do need protein and strong hold."
notesofastranger,irc62r,"http://imgur.com/gallery/o6XllJy

The link shows two pictures, my first ever cgm wash using the asiam cowash and other heavy products not for wavies (shea moisture smoothie etc.). The second picture is the result 6 months later...I think cowashing can do some good, but only if it is a lightweight cowash (it doesn't contain coconut oil etc) and it isn't your go method to clean your hair. 

I would like to try the Aveda cowash, they used it at my salon. It smells heavenly and its mainky water based so it's more suited for wavies."
novicebiscuit,irc62r,"I really can’t brush my hair when it’s wet. Which is a shame bc I shed like crazy due to medication I take. Brushing while wet breaks up my curl clumps and leaves pieces limp and stringy. 
I have long, 2b/c suspect some 3a. Medium/normal porosity. Hard to know my true density bc my medication :(
I only brush my hair right before I shower with a wide tooth comb. I have tried finger combing while I apply conditioner/before I s2c but it still effects the final result.
S2c and curl cream is a must for me! Currently experimenting with finger coiling while hair is still wet/damp"
prinzgustav,irc62r,We are hair kindred spirits! Do you have a favorite gel and protein treatment?
robertasallysparrow,irc62r,"I cannot plop at all. I have long, fine, thin hair, probably 2b to 2c, and plopping just smashes it into weird unnatural shapes."
slizzard3690,irc62r,"Cowashing is not possible for me, it just weighs my roots down. Styling upside down/plopping/aggressive and heavy scrunching doesn't work out great for me either because it makes my crown all sorts of wonky and it makes weird spots clump together. Dry brushing has been great for me though"
snolo89,irc62r,"Do you think this includes shampoos and conditioners? I figure since they wash off, if you rinse well, its not going to weigh down so much. Would that be about right? I can totally see leave on products being heavy."
sp0rdiac,irc62r,What products do you use? For shampoo/conditioner and leave in?
stonedcosmicbuffalo,irc62r,"I am so excited to come across this sub. I've been in various other curly hair subs but none of them are very helpful to my hair in particular and I'm happy to see many other people with my same issues in this thread sharing routines! 

I have fine but abundant hair that can't decide if it's 2a or 2c. On most days the curl falls right out or flattens or frizzes out if I look at it wrong, but once in a while the stars align and I have a great 2c hair day. 

When my hair was long and more healthy I tried the full cgm to try to coax out more consistent curl/wave patterns but found almost everything about it wasn't right for my hair. I found I need light sulfates, sometimes some water soluble silicone, and most times I can't do a second day if I've used any gel or heavier product. My hair is shorter now and damaged, so it's even more difficult to keep the wave but some products that have worked well are 

-Carol's Daughter Goddess Strength shampoo. Just a really great all around shampoo for daily use and my hair has loved it. Leaves me feeling lathered and clean, but not stripped. 

-The Mane Choice conditioners. Really any of their conditioners and masks have worked for me, including my absolute holy grail for frizz, their Heavenly Halo leave in softening milk and their Ancient Egyptian split end serum. Neither of them build up or weigh down my hair and I can even use the softening milk on dry hair to fight the puffiness I get during the winter when my hair is so thirsty. 

-Blueberry Bliss curl control jelly along with using a diffuser to dry. This is the only gel that doesn't leave my hair a sticky mess, but I really hate how it smells like a bottle of UV Blue vodka. I can get over that for the great hold and with this gel I can sometimes eek out a second day of decent waves without looking like hot garbage. I usually have to add a little hairspray to really get things to stay in place and I use Chi infra texture for that for the same non sticky, easy second day reasons. 

-Bumble and Bumble surf leave in. This adds texture on days when I just can't get any defined curl to come out. I can usually tell right out of the shower if it's going to be that kind of day. 

-AsIAm castor oil cowash works on the strict rule that I'm not using any leave in products or hairspray. 

I can also use plain coconut oil mixed with castor oil as a mask once week or so if I shampoo it out, I usually use Eva NYC for that. I have been using this method along with Olaplex No 3 to get my hair back to its original state since like I said it's very damaged and that's been working wonders for me.

Edit: formatting"
tatsandnaps,irc62r,"Things from the CGM that have not worked for me:

1) Cowashing – absolutely not. Tried this when I first started doing the CGM for my wavy hair and it was a disaster. My hair looked wet and my scalp became super irritated. Instead, now I use low sulfate shampoo and wash every 3 days which seems to be the sweet spot for me.

2) Never brushing/combing your hair – also a no for me. My hair is not curly enough to let it do it's thing in the morning without some sort of brushing, I straight up look like a crazy person. I have reduced the amount I brush my hair and usually only use a wide toothed comb in the mornings to keep my waves intact 

3) Over moisturizing. Huuuge in the curly girl community to focus on moisturizing your hair because curly hair tends to be dry – not always true for wavies. I was previously adding tons of moisturizing ingredients/heavy oils etc and couldn't figure out why my hair was STILL frizzy (yet super soft). Turn out I was over moisturizing which was making my hair limp, frizzy and lacking definition. I've switched to lighter products without heavy oils, and swapped out some of the moisturizing ingredients for more protein which has done wonders for my hair"
tryin2wave2u,irc62r,Wet styling & cowashing... although some of that is likely more due to my porosity. I get no hold with either.
twistedrupert,irc62r,"I'm so happy to have found this! Started CGM a month ago, and my hair keeps getting WORSE. A wavy, fine, high porosity, dense, frizzy mess! I was about to give up, but now I have hope!"
umekochan91,irc62r,"Co washing aggravates my sebboric dermatitis, i have to wash every other day to keep it in check. I have always rocked my waves because 
1. I'm lazy
2. Any humidity makes styling pointless

I'm a fan of smooth laid down waves as opposed to voluminous waves and just using a leave in conditioner has worked the best. I rake it through, then rope my hair , then scrunch and fling my head around a little. 

The amount of products the cgm advises leaves my hair coarse and tangling the next day.  Roping has always given me the best clumps."
vcast002,irc62r,"I am strictly no-cast. I tried all types of products and anything that creates a cast ain’t for me. Once I gave up trying to create a cast, magic happened. 
I use a super lightweight leave in and some medium hold mousse and that’s all."
whateverthatis,irc62r,"CGM just has too many products. Like many wavies, I found that less is more and the products I use need to be light; either no heavy butters or oils or they have to be low on the ingredient list. Also, mousse works much better than gel for me."
zillarillazilla,irc62r,"What has worked:

-shampooing less often (1-2x/week), I clarify at least 1x/week

-S2C in the shower with Tresemme Botanique (less product than suggested by CGM)

-letting hair “steam refresh” in shower on non-wash days

-Refreshing by using my hands to re-wet the ends and adding back in some watered down conditioner and/or product 

-using a microfiber towel or t-shirt for scrunching out water from hair 

-not sleeping on wet hair (just not great to do, no matter how much I want to wash it at night)

What hasn’t worked/what I do differently for wavy:

-plopping, if I plop it’s for 3-5 minutes just to get my hair out of my face while I’m doing my face routine. 

-diffusing, mixed results. Sometimes it’s awesome, other times a complete frizzy fest

-pineappling/wrapping at night, nope! I’ve been spraying with dry shampoo before going to bed and just letting it do it’s thing while I sleep 

-sea salt sprays, love them - Especially for refreshing days

-watering down products like conditioners and leave-ins

Currently using:

-NYM blue sea kale & coconut water shampoo

-Tresemme Botanique conditioner (S2C in ends, on refresh days I apply some watered down to ends)

-Herbal Essences Totally Twisted Mousse (all over after I get out of shower)

-microfiber towel

-Matrix Twisted Boho air dry curl cream (smells amazing, apply just to ends - it is expensive)

-OGX sea salt spray (refresh days if I feel like it)

Excited about this sub and the product rec list for wavies!

Edit: formatting, might still suck"
zipityquick,irc62r,"I have extremely low porosity, coarse, dense, 2c hair. Packing on product onto soaking wet hair was a disaster, and would result in 8+ hour dry times, unless I diffused about an hour on high heat/speed, which resulted in frizz. I think having all that excess water weighed down my curl pattern too. I also had no luck waiting for hair to be 100% dry to scrunch out the crunch, cause it simply wouldn't happen. Plopping also deformed my waves and my hair would not dry at all in the plop, so would just increase my dry time. Not combing/brushing in product was also problematic, as I would end up with uneven application and have some small, stringy pieces sticking out of the larger clumps. 

Now, I squeeze hair dry and wrap in a microfiber towel so it's just damp. Apply a small amount of leave-in conditioner and then brush it in with a wet brush to ensure even coverage. Then I let my hair air dry till it's maybe 50% dry, then take a big palmful of mousse, glaze it over, and scrunch it in till the foam disappears. Let it air dry a bit longer, and then halo diffuse on low heat/speed if I don't have any more time. I then end up scrunching out the crunch before my hair is 100% dry usually. My hair tends to form thick clumps, and the hair in the middle just won't dry in a cast. But scrunching it out at maybe 80- 90% dry, it still keeps definition.  Doing my routine this way has been much simpler, has cut my dry time down to about 1.5 hr till I can scrunch out my  hair (at that point, still takes another hour or 2 to be 100$ dry, but at least my hair looks acceptable to go out in public), and has resulted in bouncier, more natural looking waves."
Mgroenink,ir93ju,LOVE your hair. This is what I’m always trying to get my waves to do!
rising89,ir93ju,"about a month of doing cgm!!&&&&&&thank you!!! :)&&&-first i shampoo then squish to condish with not your mothers blue sea kale products
-then i apply gel with uncle funkys curl magic and plop with a tshirt
-apply mousse and finally airdry"
AIyxia,ir8962,"Any CGM conditioner recommendations for fine, oily scalp hair? I'm scared!&&&Hi! I'm baby-stepping into CGM. Sometimes I'm almost totally straight and sometimes I'm big beachy waves w/no switch up in routine and no product. The beachy waves stay all day, but then they ghost me for months and I want them to visit more often :(

I have a shampoo and clarifying shampoo, but I haven't used conditioner in like 10 years because my hair was very oily as a kid and stopping conditioner + using highly stripping shampoos was the advice given. 

I have fine, medium density, 2A-Bish light blond hair with low porosity (that's what it is when hair floats, right?) that shows every bit of extra product or oil in my hair as a dark/wetter look. If I don't wash every other day or so I legit turn several shades darker (almost brunette at that point), separated, itchy, and grossly oily. That's what makes me nervous to add conditioner.

So anyone have wavy, fine, oily hair conditioners they like as a start?&&&Yes it does! You reinforce not wanting to touch gel at the very least, and now I know to only do the ends and avoid coconut oil in my conditioner. I do more or less the same, but with clarifying shampoo every week instead and conditioner TBD. Hope I eventually get to your schedule! I hear there's such a thing as a hair *milk*, it sounds even lighter than mousse so I'm keeping it in the back of my head if I want to try products with hold.&&&Thank you, that sounds super promising!

I thought that might be the case. Like, moisturizer helped my oily face skin and I hardly have oil problems there anymore, so clearly the principle of the idea works! I've switched to a CGM low-poo every couple days with a clarifying wash once a week and it hasn't made me oil out after a few hours or anything, so here's hoping with the conditioner I'll be able to go longer and oil won't be as much of a problem. That'll be a life-changer :)"
GimmeANamePlsPlsPls,ir8962,"I really like the store brand lavender conditioner from Whole Food. It’s silicone-free and you can get a jumbo bottle for $10! The stripping shampoo might actually be making your scalp overproduce oil to compensate. It may take a minute for your hair scalp to adjust, but co-washing may help with the oiliness. That’s been my experience anyway. Good luck!"
sjam11,ir8962,"I had a similar problem! I am 2a/b with low porosity and fine hair/fine density. I realized that my scalp was probably overcompensating because I wasn't hydrating it enough -- but if I went overboard, it would look greasy/terrible. I found the best method for me was to wash with a low-poo every 2-3 days, use a clarifying shampoo every 2 weeks, and apply a silicone-free/coconut oil free conditioner after every wash (I only apply to the ends, about 4 inches from my scalp). 

Also, lighter stylers always help. I tried gel for a while, but it just made my hair stringy. So I've gone without (pixie style now). Thinking about trying a mousse when my hair gets long enough again. 

Everyone's hair is different sometimes, but hopefully this will help!"
blondiee705,ir5pmk,"Help! What am I doing wrong?&&&&&&Wash: HE real botanical honey and vit B
Cond: Tressemme coconut milk and aloe Vera
Curls blueberry bliss pea size
Shea moisture argon oil two pumps
HE totally twisted curl boosting mousse
Eco gel again oil"
farfromtranscendent,ir5pmk,"If you hair is anything like mine, anything coconut does not jive. The Tressemme and and I’m pretty sure Blueberry Bliss have coconut oil/product in them. For some curly/wavy textures it is drying. Also, some are protein sensitive and it drying as well. Maybe cut out all coconut ingredient products and any protein and see if it helps"
JuanaleH16,ir5nyb,So could I get some help? What wavy category would my hair fall in? And I want to try the CGM but I don’t know where to start.&&&&&&Thank you 💓❣️&&&I first wash my my hair with Maui Moisture shampoo and conditioner (hibiscus water) and I dry my hair with a cotton t-shirt. I scrunch to encourage my waves and let it air dry completely. And these were the results fully dry.&&&Wow I just saw your page and you have thick hair!! And yes it does look similar to mine😂could you tell me your routine or what you do for the cgm? Thank you💗💗💗
Ursula1260,ir5nyb,Your hair is beautiful
noon4thecorgi,ir5nyb,I would say 2b. My hair's like that too and I'd consider myself a 2b
idspispopd0,ir5b1w,"Day 1 product free waves 5 hours out of the shower from skipping the oil&&&&&&1. Detangle hair in shower with medium width comb, keeping water away from the hair, wetting the comb and slowly working through it.  I sometimes use coconut oil which lasts for a few showers.
2. Shampoo after 5 days with a small, i.e. fingernail amount of Aveeno Oat Milk Blend Daily Moisture.
3. Wash out after a minute.  With head upside down, comb out excess water.
4. Condition with 3 finger scoop or half tablespoon amount of Garnier Fructis Damage Repairing Treat 1 Minute Hair Mask Papaya Extract.  A week ago one of my friends suggested using this lesser amount than I normally do because the conditioner seems thick and may have been weighing it down.
5. Wash out after 5 minutes.  Scrunch out the water like Swavy Curly Courney by gather hair from the tip and bringing it up to the scalp before squeezing hard.
6. Leave-in mask with 2 thumbnail amount of Shea Moisture Raw Shea Butter Deep Treatment Masque with Sea Kelp and Argan Oil for Dry, Damaged Hair.
7. Immediately leave the shower and gently dry with both sides of a t-shirt.  That's it!"
