index,id,comments
HanSav,jmgp57,"I live in southern AZ, also.  Which Curl Talk product?  I'm seeing several."
itsjustflux,jmgp57,"I have a feeling things might change a bit with winter but something I’ve noticed helping is coating everything in foam or mousse that doesn’t have any glycerine or at least it’s far down on the list.  I like the Shea moisture  one but now I can’t find it...now I’m using Giovanni air turbo charged.  It does have aloe but it hasn’t been bothering me like some others with it...I’ll also use the herbal essences totally twisted in a pinch but I prefer foam to mousse.   

I think the main thing is sealing in the glycerine that might be in your other products, it’s so hard to find things without it.  For me it’s just been trial and error, sometimes aloe bothers me, sometimes not, sometimes the glycerine doesn’t seem to matter as much sometimes it makes me a dry stringy mess.  I also deep condition every other week or so.  With it being so arid here, I’m always just trying to pack as much moisture as I can into it in a wash day, still searching for that perfect product that keeps it from drying out by day 4...but hope that helps some, good luck!"
jackiebeeeee,jmgp57,"Wanted: dry climate tips&&&Does anyone have tips specific to wave care in dry / desert climates? 

I’ve been doing CGM for around 3 months now and have noticed that gel products with humectants (aloe, glycerin, and sorbitol, for example) cause lots of frizz and I have more success with gels without them. 

Curious if any wavies have other tips or observations specific to a low-humidity environment."
theoneandonlylea,jmgp57,gels with humectants arent recommended in very dry/humid climates so Id stay away
twinpeakdinhs,jmgp57,"I’m in southern az. I cut glycerin and it helped a lot, and I’m using an apple cider vinegar shampoo to help with hard water build up (water softener not an option in my apartment), I feel like it’s helping a lot! Maybe just my hair but I favor protein over extra moisture as well. I’m using curl talk and instant freeze and they seem well suited to the climate."
GoshDarnBatgirl,jmf70z,"I used this video as a jumping off point when looking for new hairstyles: [https://youtu.be/tA7z6uX15ng](https://youtu.be/tA7z6uX15ng)

&#x200B;

Also shag-style haircuts tend to look good with wavy hair. In general, a lot of layers helps bring out waves."
capaldian,jmf70z,"Can anyone recommend a hair cut for me? I'm on week 2 cgm after thinking my hair was straightish frizzy my whole life&&&&&&Current routine: Jessicurl cleansing cream, Jessicurl tooshea moisturizing conditioner, Jessicurl rocking ringlets and Jessicurl spirilicious gel. I use a microfiber turban and plop for about 20 minutes"
Wavyhaircare,jmb8fc,"My sides have different patterns, too. I don't have any perfect solution but I have a few tricks I try to use that help some. I microplop more on the straighter side, and start diffusing that side first. It helps enhance that side a bit, while the other side being left wet for a few minutes longer before I diffuse it pulls it down a bit straighter so that creates a more uniform pattern overall. 

May not be true for you, but I've noticed that when the discrepancies between the two sides seems more significant than usual, it's usually because my hair needs a protein treatment. When I start to get over-moisturized, my flatter side is extra flat. Then once I do a protein treatment, that side will spring up noticeably tighter, while the other side will only see a mild change in the texture if any at all. So keeping my protein at a good level helps with the balance. 

I have an appointment later this month to get my first dry curl cut and I'm curious if that might help balance me out some too. 

While I do these things to try to balance my hair out, I also try to remember that my natural hair just isn't perfectly symmetrical or perfectly uniform in pattern and so I don't want to set this expectation for my hair that it will ever look perfectly uniform or symmetrical because that would just be an unfair expectation for my natural hair."
lewan115,jmb8fc,"It's the way my hair can't agree who it wants to be today: curly/wavy or wavy/straight.&&&&&&I washed my hair with OGX Coconut Curls shampoo and conditioner (shampoo immediate rinse, conditioner sat for ~7 mins.) All while scrunching with conditioner in. Once I rinsed, I put a little of Féria Power Shimmer conditioner that I usually get from the box of hair dye I buy. Then while in the shower, take a glob of Garnier Fructis Curl Scrunch gel. I wrap in a t shirt for aboht an hour, then diffuse on low fan and low heat. 

I can never get the left side to be like the right, but today seemed even more different lol. Anyone else?"
me-me-123,jmaxse,"I’d definitely go online and look up a chart. They’re not always accurate, but you can get a pretty good idea of what each curl type looks like. 

I’m also assuming that you want to see your curl/wave pattern before committing to buying a ton of stuff for your hair. I’d recommend combing it in the shower while it’s soaking wet (brushing out of the shower breaks up curl clumps and creates frizz). Do a little scrunching with your hands after you get out. Also try plopping! There are a ton of videos online on how to do it, but you’d basically put your hair in a 100% cotton T-shirt for a little while (everyone does it differently, some plop for thirty minutes, an hour, I plop for two to three.) This allows the hair to dry a little on the top of the head, without water and gravity weighing the curls down.  When it dries, you’ll get a better idea of your natural pattern.

I’m in love with eco styling gel and Cantu curl cream, although they probably don’t work for every curl pattern. (I’m 2b/2c and have thick hair, so they don’t weigh me down.)"
missieann07,jmaxse,"Questions&&&Hi! 

It was suggested on another sub that I check this one out! My hair is naturally blonde and I do get color every two months with a trim. My hair is right below my boobs. When I let my hair air dry after a shower, it dries straight. I do brush it out after a shower. When I’m sweaty or put my hair up when wet, I have a few ringlet curls at the nape of my neck. When I mentioned this on a different sub, one of the girls suggested my hair might actually be wavy and to check this sub out. 

I have a few questions...

1. How do you determine your hair type? 

2. What are must-have products? 

3. How do you reduce frizz? 

4. How often do you wash your hair? I workout almost every day and can’t stand my head being sweaty and it makes my hair gross.&&&Thank you!!!"
tryin2wave2u,jmaxse,"Start with curly girl method. What with low poo and use a conditioner without sulfates. Then when hair is soaking wet, apply gel and scrunch. Then plop. That's the basics.

There's a million products out there and so called rules. Really it's trial and error.

Check out swavy Wavy Courtney on YouTube for guidance and how to do all this and how to plop."
1700001,jm9z8n,"How do I get my hair to stop sticking to my roots while diffusing?&&&I wash with Kristin Ess shampoo and conditioner, style on soaking hair with AG recoil and Ouidad strong hold gel and plop my hair. I then use the Bumble and bumble UV protector before diffusing. I have been using the hover method to dry my roots upside down first and then go in with pixie diffusing. I wonder if that’s making me hair stick to my roots? When I try to diffuse side to side or flip up, my hair is entirely stuck to my roots."
Wavyhaircare,jm3919,"For me the biggest giveaway that I have moisture overload is when my regular products stop giving me a good cast, or when I SOTC and then my waves fall apart a lot faster than usual, like 5 hours after I SOTC my hair has fallen flat. My hair just can't make a really good, hard cast if I don't have enough protein, and it can't support my waves very long if it's lacking protein. Also after I SOTC my hair is super soft like it feels like there isn't any product in there at all even though there is gel/mousse in it. 

I am way more protein to over-moisturized than protein overload so I'm not familiar with what protein overload looks/feels like personally but people say your hair feels straw like and is brittle."
crazeenurse,jm3919,"Protein overload vs conditioner overload&&&Can anyone show some examples or explain the difference to me between protein and conditioner overload and what would be the treatment for each?

Thank you!"
ndhewitt1,jm3919,"My hair gets conditioner overload. Or, rather, it gets protein underload. It is very fine, so while it tends to seem dried out in order to keep it moisturized but not oily I need protein rich products and light moisture products. If I do just protein, my hair gets dry and rough on the ends, if I do just moisture or something too heavy it gets oily and actually can remain dry. Yeah, dry AND oily. If I get it just right, it looks moisturized, my strands look thicker, and it holds curl. To fix it I use products with protein in all or nearly all steps of my routine. And I’ve learned to never do a deep moisture max (I will use my regular conditioner with a shower cap and heat but never ever a mask). Again, it’s not that my hair doesn’t need moisture, it just has to be lighter and be accompanied by protein. So my current every wash products are: any shampoo, definitely like sulfates better!//giovanni smooth as silk conditioner rinsed out//tiny amount of blueberry bliss leave in, sipping wet hair then partially scrunched out, and la looks gel. On data I clarify, I follow up with Kristen Ess curl mask (it’s in a pinkish bottle and is filled with amino acids which are broken down protein). I hope that helps a little! The only way I understood my hair was experimenting. And once I got parts of it right (like I knew it liked the Giovanni smooth as silk) I switched out stylers until it improved. Then kept that part the same and switched out leave in."
pulang_panda,jlsb74,"First refresh after reset wash & NO conditioner; I've got spirals now!&&&&&&Several people on this sub suggested I stop conditioning my chronic limp, overmoisturized hair. I was hesitant at first, since my hair is so tangled, but last night I totally skipped conditioner and stylers to see if my waves would appear without.

I gotta say... I had no idea the key to unlocking my hair's potential was cutting out conditioner!! I've never had spirals before.

I'm not sure what to do for definition now, since they unravel a bit frayed despite clumping nicely. I refreshed by dipping each clump in a mug of water and scrunching with a cotton tee. I've still got half a bottle of Totally Twisted Mousse to burn through... Hoping it doesn't cause much weigh down!&&&ROUTINE

Shampoo with Live Clean Apple Cider clarifying shampoo; detangle with shower comb; scrunch right side up and let air dry"
cfrankieee,jlrczp,"Wavy wash day success!&&&&&&My wash day today turned out pretty damn good, so I wanted to share! I've been doing the curly girl method for maybe 2 years ish? For reference, the last pic is almost exactly a year ago, so things do change, even after you've done the sulfate/silicone purge!  FYI I have BABY fine hair, that I think is low porosity, so if that sounds like your hair I hope there's something here you find useful!

Routine:

This morning, I washed my hair with DevaCurl orginal low-poo and conditioned with their original conditioner.  I rinse that completely out.  Then I turn off the water and kind of awkwardly slowly flip my hair forward (no like dramatic mermaid flip), and squeeze/scrunch in probably 3-4 pumps of DevaCurl styling cream, gently turning my head back and forth to get the sides and squeezing out the water a bit so my hair becomes less of like a mass on the top of my head and the clumps start to form.  I then do the same with the DevaCurl ultra defining gel, maybe one quarter sized squeeze for the front of my hair, one for each side, and one for the back/middle.  Then, I gently swing my hair to one side and back to stand upright, and kinda lean back and gently shake to get things in order.  THEN (and this is pretty new and I think a game changer), I take a spray bottle with just water, and lean to one side and really spray that side down so that the clumps form and any stray hairs can find their home (sometimes I use my fingers to help align any confused strands) and any wonkiness from being upside down is worked out.  I do this on both sides, then I take more gel, and do a combo of like pressing it into my hair (like praying hands except I don't slide my hands down), gently roping it in, and then squeezing it up into the curls.  I might gently flip over to get the back and middle of the hair gelled, and when I'm leaning to the side I'm really leaning over to try and get the clumps off my scalp.  Once I feel evenly gelled, I microplop my hair with a cotton sack towel (dude, I just found these in the craft section of Walmart, I had been using a weird shaped scrap of knit t-shirt fabric, these feel like a total upgrade and they were super cheap). THEN, I take the Not Your Mother's Naturals  Blue Sea Kale and Pure Coconut Water mousse, and use about two pumps on each side, top, and back, doing the same slow lean/bend over and the same press/rope/scrunch combo.  Then I microplop again.  At this point I usually air dry, but today I diffused a bit at the very end, and then I scrunch out the crunch!

Whoo, sorry that was long winded, but I wanted to put as many details as possible!  I think the things that have been most helpful to me over the past year are:

1. Pretty much don't buy anything that has ""oil"" or ""butter"" in the ingredients. Like I said above, my hair is super fine and low porosity, and when I first went to my DevaCurl-trained stylist, she was like ""go home and see how many products you're using have coconut oil in them"" and I was like ""dannngg all of them."" So basically the lesson was, lots of things besides silicones build up, and give your hair what it wants even if it's a bit harder to find (so many things have butters in them, and they're great for many of my curlier haired sisters but not for me!).
2. Use that spray water technique, which feels like an alternative to how some people use a Denman brush to get everything in order.  I tried the brush and I think it just made me stringy.  So I'm pretty thrilled about this water technique.
3. Let it beeee.  We see incredible pictures of women (and men) with these ridiculous, shiny, voluminous, defined curls, so I often have to remind myself that this whole thing was about getting my hair healthier (it used to be really hard to grow it long because it just broke off at some point, it is so fine and fragile) and let it be how it wants to be at its healthiest.  I guarantee there's someone out there who wishes they had your head of hair.  So rock what you got :) and remember it's only hair :P

Sorry that was a lot of words, I hope some of them were helpful! Happy Halloween!"
CulturalJob8913,jlqgtm,It looks really good. It’s clumping so nicely
FloraFit,jlqgtm,Waves are lit 🔥
MrsRadioJunk,jlqgtm,"For the front, maybe try finger coiling it in with the rest of your hair? I have to lean forward and really carefully scrunch my front to get it to go with the other bits, but they also end up a bit flat compared to the rest. You could also try combing that hair and then scrunching (watch some videos on wavy Denman brush techniques but use a comb instead)."
Nrnr_nr,jlqgtm,Hey I just wanted to stay that I love your hair colour!
Veleda380,jlqgtm,"I was a little confused by the title because I don't think of CGM as only co-washing. At least, I've been doing CGM for a long time and don't co-wash. I use Carol's Daughter Wash Day Delight which is a low-poo product, and use a soft scrubbie to exfoliate. It's excellent for scalp and hair moisture balance."
b_mco,jlqgtm,"I'm wondering if you use silicones in your hair products or not. What do you do to make your hair smooth? 

I have been doing CGM for over 8 months now and find no matter what I do, my hair never looks as smooth as it used to. It's not really frizzy or dry, but it's always fluffed out, and not in a great way. I'm considering going back to silicones but keeping sulfates at a minimum. 

For your front hair pieces, you could probably try a scrunching in a lightweight gel instead of mousse? That might give it a better hold."
mistyknit,jlqgtm,Looks nice!  I cannot cowash either. I am better off with a low-poo and conditioner.
rachmaninoff85,jlqgtm,I curl my straight pieces with a curling iron 🙌. I consider my natural pattern + curling iron to be business partners in producing good hair days
ruggedlamp,jlqgtm,"No longer doing the true CGM and happier for it&&&&&&Exfoliate scalp with a Herwiss scalp massager otherwise I get dandruff by day two, shampoo roots with Pantene sulphate free shampoo with caster oil. Condition upsideown with Treseme Alovera and Coconut Milk, allowing my hair to form good curl clumps. Squish to Condish. Once I have washed that out I use praying hands motion with Alberto mega hold styling mousse and plop with a tee-shirt for 20 minutes. 

The hair framing my face is still straight so I would love to hear any recommendations on how to get them to cooperate. 

When strictly following the CGM and cowashing my hair was too greasy I guess and I was getting some clumps of dandruff at the hairline."
DoesntEvenMatter14,jllxh4,"What am I? I started CG thinking I am a 2a, but this is after 2nd wash in week 1.&&&&&&Routine -

Cowash with Biotique TRESemme Nourish and Replenish Conditioner. Then rinse thoroughly. 
Apply same conditioner as leave in and put some Loreal argan oil hair serum. Scrunch for 2-3 mins. Plop and wait for 20 mins. Open hair and apply pure aloe vera gel from Botanics. Scrunch for another 5 mins and let them air dry."
PANTSorGTFO,jllxh4,"I don't think this is your hair's final form, so it's impossible to say for sure! Could be 2b, 2c, 3a, maybe even 3b. Keep it up for a couple months and find out!"
CulturalJob8913,jlkz29,"First thought - anything with aloe makes my hair flash dry, pouf and frizz. The Aussie gel has a lot of it."
sarai098,jlkz29,"Help Figuring Out What Ingredients My Hair Likes/Doesn't Like and Taming Frizz? 2A Low Porosity, Oily Scalp, Dry Ends&&&Hi everyone!

So I've been on my hair care journey the last few weeks, and I've been trying to figure what products my hair does/doesn't like. I tried Shea Moisture Jamaican Black Castor Oil Conditioner and Leave-In and it was bad, the ends of my hair were both dry and heavy feeling and weirdly crunchy in a deep-fried feeling way. 

I thought it was maybe the protein so I tried clarifying with Blue Suave, then squishing to condition with Giovanni Smooth as Silk conditioner on one side and Giovanni Ultra Moisture conditioner on the other. Then use Kinky Curly Knot Today on both sides and Aussie Instant Freeze Gel, plopping and then air drying.

Both sides came out really nice! Soooo soft and shiny, especially the side with Smooth as Silk. BUT my hair was still frizzy. 

 So I'm wondering if anyone has product recommendations for the frizz. I'm also wondering if anyone knows why the Shea Moisture Jamaican Black Castor Oil Conditioner and Leave In could've made my hair so bad, since I'm guessing it's not the protein because Giovanni Smooth as Silk conditioner was good for my hair?
 
Any help much appreciated!"
1Eliza,jlkbxx,"How Do I Stop the Gel From Settling in One Spot?&&&No matter what I do, the gel migrates to the back right hand side of my head. I think it's evenly distributed. The rest of my head is almost dry and the back right hand side is super wet.&&&I have been letting it plop overnight. I tend to sleep on my stomach though."
arose164,jlkbxx,Do you diffuse? Maybe it’s just harder to hit that spot with the diffuser and it’s taking longer to dry.
OrderofOddfellows,jlguuz,"Looks beautiful, that’s a ton of progress in 2 months!"
amjt24,jlguuz,"Almost 2 month progress&&&&&&Current routine:
NYM curl talk shampoo and condish rinsed half way out. Uncle funky’s daughter gel, plop in microfiber towel 20mins then air dry and sotc. 
My hair takes a looooong time to dry but I’ve been seeing so much more wave definition lately. Still struggling with the back of my hair not getting frizzy.&&&I have had a couple of big ringlets over the last couple washes and it’s so exciting!&&&Thanks!"
badwvlf,jlguuz,Yessss we have the same pattern. Love to see it. One half of my head is doing great and the other half (the side I usually sleep on) is still coming s long. Yours look so good!
bigdog2525,jlguuz,You've got ringlets!!
mrscookie2,jlguuz,this gives me hope!! so pretty
rmg1102,jlguuz,"your hair seems similar to mine - Im like a week in and look like your first pic, my hair also takes forever to dry!! This gives me hope

Have you ever tried mousse or does gel work better for you? I have mousse now bc I feel like gel has too much hold for my hair (I have scary crunchy middle school days on my brain hahah)"
saprobic_saturn,jlguuz,Congrats! There is hope for us all
Oakenwood1200,jlfqfs,"No advice, but my hair is the same way. I will never get a cast if I diffuse."
WeAreStarless,jlfqfs,"i wonder if it's because of pixie diffusing. you're touching them (even if it's gentle) and ""scrunching"" them up, which may prevent the cast from forming. have you tried hover diffusing?"
notesofastranger,jlfqfs,"I cannot get a cast when diffusing!&&&This is a long post so apologies in advance. 

I have been doing the wgm a while and I've finally got the waves looking really good just before i diffuse.

Current Routine:

Cleaning:
Cleanse with NYM coconut water
Condition and finger detangle with aveda moss
STC then clip up and leave for 2 mins
Rinse

Styling :
Spritz with bb protective spray 
Spritz with homemade sea salt spray 
Brush through
Glaze over pea sized amount of asiam leave in
Style with denman paddle brush then STC
Glaze over tiny amount of cantu curl cream rubbed between palms then pulse in
Apply 2 medium sized palmfuls of LA looks gel
Pulse in
Wet plop for 10 mins
Then microplop to scrunch out excess water

At this point waves look really good and spirally. 

Diffusing:

If i just go onto diffuse my hair never forms a cast and just dries fluffy and looses its waves. I pixie diffuse on high speed, low heat for 30 minutes alternating between upside down and right side up. I then need to leave it to air dry for a further 1-3hrs dependant on which gel i use. 

What i have tried:

Different gels : I've tried LA looks, eco olive oil gel and jessie curls spiralicious. All of them give me lovely waves after microplopping (especially jessiecurl) but no cast. I HAVE acheived a cast while air drying but seeing as it's now winter here it would take all day for my hair to dry. 

Mousse: I have tried applying cake mousse, two large palmfuls after microplopping. This really elongated my waves and still didn't form a cast. I tried less - no cast and longer waves. 

Adding more gel after micro plopping: i have tried adding more gel after microplopping, emulsified in water to try and avoid the horrible stringy/stickiness it can get. Again this really stretched out my waves and no cast. 

Adding gel when 50% dry: added a small out of LA gel not emulisfied and then scrunched in. No cast after diffusing. 

More gel before microplopping: ive tried adding so much gel my hair is a slimeball. Then less, then a medium amount. No cast when diffusing.

Wtf is going on with my hair! The high speed, low heat is its 'cool' setting, because its like 15 years old 
and doesn't work proplerly. I did watch a jessie curl video and saw that i wasnt applying nearly enough gel as used in the tutorials (i was using a tester tube) so this may be an option. However, that's expensive stuff and i don't want to waste it if I'm doing it wrong.

Any advice would be much appreciated!&&&That's interesting, i have tried hover diffusing and then pixie diffusing after the roots are dry but dropped that after no cast and loose waves. I could try again. Do you mean hover diffusing completely?&&&It's so frustrating! I know this may not be of help, but your reply made me feel less alone in my struggles"
mistyann4,jlcisd,"Day 3!&&&&&&Routine: Curls blueberry bliss shampoo and conditioner. 
Styler: curls ultimate B enviable creamy curl gel plopped into a DeVa Curl hair towel. 
(I wash and air dry and then sleep)
Next day refresh with water spritzed to hair and apply Marc Anthony strictly curls mouse. I will even do this refresh for another day if they’re looking good (it’s rare bc I’m a dog groomer) after this is a messy up bun."
