index,id,comments
-apricotmango,g5mwhp,Wow!!!   I just started trying this and doing some trial and error. My curl pattern sorta looks like your before so this gives me some hope I might have more than loose waves!
LittleBit20,g5mwhp,Wow! Just wow! This is a huge change! I love how defined your waves have become! Keep it up! 👍
Lnp816,g5mwhp,"Keep trying everybody, I was ready to give up but 3 months in and continually experimenting with products and routine and methods I'm getting more consistent results!"
Mgbaki2013,g5mwhp,How often do you wash your hair?
MsCephalopod,g5mwhp,"I just noticed Wavyhair now only has one mod, and they haven't been active on reddit for two months.... Maybe someone can take over modding this group? I don't know how to do this though."
coralto,g5mwhp,Your hair looks amazing! I’ve been looking for the Hi-Pro-Pac hair repair and I’m having a hard time finding it. Do you mind if I ask where you got it from?
jwebb264,g5mwhp,"6 weeks of progress! Mind=BLOWN&&&&&&Routine: wash/condition with NYM gardenia and mango butter. I also use Hi-Pro-Pac extremely damaged hair repair 2x/month. Style with Hairitage curl creme and Aussie instant freeze gel. Diffuse for about 10 min and air dry, then scrunch out the crunch and I'm good!

Well, at least today was good!&&&Oh there's LOTS of those for me too. You're really only seeing this bc today was such a good one. I got lucky!&&&Thank you!! I think adding in the protein treatments really helped for my hair. Otherwise it never would have done this."
mimisdailydose,g5mwhp,Quick question: I’m having problems contacting the mods and posting... can someone help me?:(
mrc523,g5mwhp,Absolutely amazing! Was this your routine when you first started as well?
n3rua1,g5mwhp,Hi having the same issue. Has there really not been a new post in over 50 days? Have they shut down this subreddit?
professionalhippo1,g5mwhp,Wow!! This is giving me life! I’m almost to a month and I’m still very hit or miss in my outcome. Today was a miss for me lol.
bourboncream96,g5ezpc,Dry frizzy hair&&&Best shampoo and conditioner for wavy hair? I don't follow cgm and live in the UK :) thanks x&&&Thank you!
thatmoxiemermaid,g5ezpc,"I’ve had luck with the redken all soft line for my hair. I tried their frizz line but it’s not doing it for me so I think I’m gonna switch back. I’ve tried going natural in the past and it flared my sebderm and left my hair super sad and dehydrated or ones with shea butter really weighed them down and produced a lot of buildup. Lightweight will be your friend if you can find that in combo with hydration.

I have not yet tried Hyaluronic acid in my hair, it hasn’t worked with my face. Squalane oil is a much lighter oil that may be light enough to not weigh your waves down, again I have not tried for myself on my hair, but love it on my face."
LaneyLuv,g5casu,"I haven’t regularly stronger hold products for a while. I typically just use leave in (if I feel I need it, I have lower porosity hair so sometimes I dont), and curl cream. I comb it if it needs it in the morning and wash, plop and air dry my hair at night.
Edit: for day two, if my hair needs anything, I spray it very lightly with a fine mist sprayer. Sometimes I add more product, sometimes I don’t, just depends."
Wavygirl13,g5casu,Lol I use both
cyclonicseagull,g5casu,"Could you elaborate on your protein routine? I'd like to know more, I think my hair needs something (from what I've read about how hair behaves when it needs protein)"
fox-comet,g5casu,"I’m about to start experimenting with mousse and gel, but my current routine uses no stylers.  I have 2B waves and very low porosity hair.

I wash with the Shea Moisture Curl & Shine set, which is too moisturizing for my hair but I’m trying to use it up. I occasionally skip conditioner or use a smidge of Shea Moisture leave in spray instead. I don’t brush my hair, it doesn’t tangle. I clarify and deep condition once a month-ish. After the shower, I scrunch a bit and plop for 20 minutes with a t shirt. Air dry and wear for 2-3 days. Scrunchie and loose bun if I need to tie it up. 

Too much moisture or product weighs my hair down and makes it flat, so I try to be light handed with products and use only what my hair seems to need, even skipping conditioner sometimes. My curls are definitely less resilient  than other CG bloggers I see, and my hair is often straighter by wash time. CGM has helped a LOT with curl clumping but my hair def has a less is more attitude about products so this abbreviated routine works best."
its_wimdy,g5casu,"I've been CGM for nearly 3 months now, and my last wash day I ran out of gel for the first time which was a little scary, but what I've learnt from this has really changed my outlook on CGM. (I still think CGM is great for those days I want to feel extra)

So what changed on my last wash day was: I used way less conditioner, NO GEL, scrunched and plopped like normal.

By day 3 my hair had fallen flat so I thought heck why not and brushed out my hair before bed.

The next day my hair reformed into what I assume is its natural wave state & wave clumps rather than the formation that scrunching and plopping gives.  
Day 4 & 5 I'm so much happier with my hair, it sits much more naturally - I've found less is more with wavey hair and products, and rather than needing moisture from conditioner a good moisture shampoo can go a long way.

My routine is: Shampoo - shea moisture extra moisture retention shampoo  
Conditioner - Superdrug Almond and Coconut conditioner

bi-weekly I clarify/ scalp clean with baby shampoo and apple cider vinegar wash/rinse"
meetmeinthemaze,g5casu,"2a sometimes 2b waves here: Tried gel according to the CGM for about 2 months and only had one good results day, and that fell completely flat by the end of the day. I also dreaded washing my hair because what had been a very straightforward fast thing my whole life then became so time consuming and exhausting. 

I finally realized I was trying too hard and that I was a wavy not a curly and I've returned to just using sulfate free shampoo, cheap conditioner, and for my hair it really loves protein so neutral protein filler in various ways of application. The protein has done more wonders than anything else, as my curls actually hold their (natural) shape now. *Caution, protein overload can be a thing so this is very specific to individuals, not an across the board thing.

I liked experimenting with CGM and I actually learned a lot, especially about the protein-moisture balance of hair, as well as how to reduce sulfates but still use them occasionally for a clean slate. It's just SO MUCH WORK. I also think many wavies have fine hair and it just can't stand up to all that product, plus we aren't curlies, we're wavies, so all the scrunching and gel and everything is forcing our hair to do things it doesn't naturally do. I also completely can see just how useful the CGM would *if* I had curlier hair. It's a good method but it isn't gospel."
sensiblebohemian,g5casu,lmao I can’t keep up with the cgm. gel makes my hair tangle and mousse is okay but honestly...I like to play with my hair. so mostly I just let it air dry and call it a day.
trevorishy,g5casu,"How many of you that don't use any styling products like gel or mousse?&&&I have questions for anyone who air dries or diffuses their hair but dont like to use a product with hold (gel or mousse) like in cgm. Do you still plop or scrunch your hair? How do you deal with the second day hair? Do you brush out your hair when it's dry? And what other products or techniques do you use instead (tangle teezer, leave in spray, serum)? There are some posts in this sub with a lot of comments about what they would do differently from cgm like not cowashing, using sulfate/silicone and not using gel. But they mostly dont go into details about their routine and how they style their hair without gel. Thanks in advance.&&&Thanks to go into the details of your wash day routine. I still have a little bit of Mixed chicks leave in conditioner and I might as well also use less conditioner and no other styling product once I ran out of it.&&&My hair likes protein too, and I use Aphogee 2 minute or Chi. I still use gel sometimes, but the effect doesnt last for me too. Since you're not using gel, what's your routine right now and how do you style your hair out of the shower?&&&Thanks for sharing this. I have the same hair type too, and I agree that less is more with hair products. I also get build ups if use too much.&&&Thanks for sharing your routine. Btw what curl cream are you using and does it have a hold to it? I have a hard time finding a curl cream that's lightweight enough for fine hair."
Intelligentdrummer8,g58lcv,Hi if your hair takes forever to dry I think it's more likely it is low porosity! Cos low porosity hair has a hard time getting moisturized but then it holds on to the moisture. :)
Jessachelle,g58lcv,Check out Swavy Curly Courtney on YouTube! She’s great at explaining all things wavy/curly!!
RavenclawTeacher1919,g58lcv,"I am attempting to try the CG method for the second time (the first time I couldn't take how disgusting my hair was in the beginning, but I'm pushing through now). On a great day, my hair looks similar to yours. It used to be like that every day, but when I was about 20-21 my waves went away. I'm 24 now and on wash day they will look great like this, then be pin-straight the next day. Trying to make sense of all the terminology: clarify, co-wash, etc."
iscor75,g58lcv,"She Exists! - Day 1 Results&&&&&&I’ve been researching CGM for DAYSS!
Finally went to CVS and picked up the first few styler things I could find.
This is my first result...

1. Clarified with Neutrogena anti-residue shampoo
2. Conditioned liberally (squished to condished) with Briogeo Be Gentle Be Kind conditioner 
3. Soaking wet hair added product - 
     3a. STC Briogeo Farewell Frizz leave in conditioner
     3b. Scrunched in NYM Curl Cream 
     3c. Praying hands and scrunched in Eco Gel 
4. Plopped in cotton Tshirt for 20mins 
5. Scrunched excess water with Tshirt 
6. Diffused. I don’t really know how to diffuse hence the mess but saw some promising results! 

I’m thinking my hair is high porosity because it takes forever to dry and holds onto water - I want to look more into this.

Definitely medium density (not fine not coarse) but it is thick - I have a a ton of hair that I have been heat styling for years 

Waves are 2C? I’ll learn more as I go I’m sure :) 

Any recommendations for things for me to try next let me know! 
 
Very excited for what’s to come!"
moderndaytinuviel,g58lcv,hi! could you explain more about step 3? I got to that step and totally chickened out because I am worried using all of these products will end up making my hair looking weighed down and... greasy? any help would be awesome I am feeling so overwhelmed with the 1932900 videos I have watched thus far about this lol
Sharkelberryfinn,g51fqp,"I'm happy it works for you! However you should know silicone (dimethecone) is a high up ingredient list on this. Depending on how your hair reacts to sulfates and silicones and how militant you want to be to the cgm this product might not be for everyone.

Silicone is amazing and will smooth your hair, but needing sulfates to remove the silicone buildup is why many people avoid it. 

There is a theory as well that the silicone prevents moisture and product from penetrating the shaft. So even though your hair feels smooth on the outside its not the healthiest on the inside. 

Keep using it if it works! Not everyone has to cgm, but I thought I'd just throw the info out there for anyone lurking."
builtthiscityon,g51fqp,"Dealing with over moisturized hair led me to find a product that seems to have instantly shown results to fix this. My mind is blown.&&&VitaOil Biotin Hair Serum for Hair Growth - Hair Loss Serum for Volume - Also Contains Argan Oil, Aloe Vera and Vitamin E - Hair Regrowth Serum for Healthy Hair - 60 Ml / 2 Fl. Oz. (1 Pack) https://www.amazon.com/dp/B07YG23XT6/ref=cm_sw_r_cp_api_i_yZGNEbT6PAF2Q

This stuff is amazing. 

It took my sad, tangled, wimpy, stringy strands to strong, soft and dense in one application and RIGHT AWAY I was able to brush through my hair!!! The brush was gliding through like butter. This is opposed to being unable to brush, wet or dry, for at least two weeks with lots of TLC and the brush would get stuck and I was petrified of pulling and breaking. 

I’ve never seen anything work so fast&&&Thanks for the info!&&&Ugh, it took me a while to figure this one out. If something is wrong then I start by looking at the ingredients in the products I’ve been using and go from there. The stretch test is pretty helpful; taking a wet strand and stretching it. If it stretches out and doesn’t recoil, or if it stretches further than it should it’s over moisturized. It’s over proteined if it snaps without stretching much. 

Over proteined hair will feel like straw, snap off when dry, lose curl pattern and be stiff. 

Over moisturized hair is limp/lifeless, also loses curl pattern, feels super silky soft when it’s dry (and gummy when it’s wet), and feels like light and airy (if that makes sense, it loses density). 

Trial and error is definitely a big part in how I figured this out."
imaginaryNerNer,g51fqp,I'm fairly new to much of this and haven't figured out how people know if their hair is over moisturized or had too much/too little protein. How do you tell? Just trial and error?
Its-in-the-cards,g4zx94,"My hair is similar to this, but with a lot of frizz. Following in hopes of benefiting from any advice you may receive"
builtthiscityon,g4zx94,"You need some definition! But hey, chaotic is a good thing here"
crunchletsupreme,g4zx94,What do you mean by chaotic? Looks like normal wavy hair to me? And beautiful color! (I am being completely serious.)
gothmombietings,g4zx94,"My waves are kinda chaotic. Help?&&&&&&Thank you! That’s so kind. It’s just not as consistent as I would like. I am learning to take care of my hair. It used to be straighter so I never did anything to it. The color is natural!&&&Literally don’t have one. Yikes, I know. I just wash, condition, air dry. Don’t put me on blast"
menne4ever,g4zx94,What's your hair routine?
professionalhippo1,g4zx94,Are you in a super humid climate? You might need to avoid products with glycerin right now if your dew points are high.
