index,id,comments
julialovesyou35,fjedbw,"i'm kinda new here, but i love learning about wavy and curly hair! I am not a strict CGM follower, but i just started my wavy hair journey one full year ago! i just wanted to point out that my hair started it's texture at the root, and i'm so excited; because that has never happened to me before!&&&&&&For this wash day I actually tried out a new leave in! For shampoo I used not your mother's royal honey and kalahari desert melon, and deep conditioned with the L'Oreal evolve total repair 5 damage a racing balm. I then like to style my hair soaking wet. So I tilted my head sideways so my hair is facing the opposite side of the scalp and I raked in shea moisture's miracle styler leaving treatment with marshmallow root following by scrunching in my la looks flex hold gel (the green one). Then blotted any excess moisture/product with a t-shirt and then plopped for about 20ish minutes. i then let my hair either air-dry or spray in a little heat protectant and then defuse."
ouryellowsubmarine,fjedbw,What's your routine?
bigdog2525,fje6bi,Humidity&&&Has anyone noticed that humidity makes your hair unable to hold a wave?  It's been rainy here the past week and my hair won't hold its normal waves regardless of how much gel I put in it!
jbei9981,fje6bi,"If your gel has humectants like glycerin as one of the top ingredients, that will attract moisture to your hair and make it more poofy with less of a defined texture. Look up the frizz forecast on naturally curly. It will give you tips on which products will work best for the weather."
mercurys-daughter,fje6bi,It’s because your hair is trying to absorb the moisture in the air.
Noroeste,fj82uf,It’s beautiful!
barbarababoon,fj82uf,First curl!&&&I tried to let my natural waves form and I got this ringlet! Success! [pic](https://imgur.com/a/ZDBd4GP)
fashionvomit,fj82uf,awesome! good luck on your hair journey
Lifttingz,fiwgq2,"Could your hair be weighed down with products? 

Try scrunching your hair with your head flipped upside down. I'd also try parting my hair closer to the middle."
UVRae,fiwgq2,"I have the same issue! When I talked to someone styling my hair they said it could be from hand oils - my bangs swoop to my left, and the straight side is on my right. I tend to tuck my hair behind my right ear so that might be why that side's straight for me. Maybe you as well? Hope to hear some other responses here as well!"
gawiya,fiwgq2,Maybe u sleep on that side?
got7_oreos,fiwgq2,One side is always straight&&&Due to my hair part I have more hair on my left side then right but my right side has never really been curly and has been super straight compared to the other side. I use a mouse and curling enhancing products so idk why. P.s. I do wash my hair too often but I need to fix that lol so i don't know if that has anything to do with that&&&I feel like if anything I probably touch the wavy side more lol cause sometimes I get some perfect ones there.
omg-_-becky,fiwgq2,"It could be any of the things listed here already, or it could just be the way your hair is. It's the way my hair is. I part off-center, to the left, and my hair on that side nearest my face just doesn't have as much texture as the rest of my hair. It's not damage, it's not product, it's not from sleeping on it. So it is what it is, not all of your hair will be uniform. Once I accepted it, I now move my part around, got bangs, pin that side."
plentypapaya,fiwgq2,"Same.   One side is just less curly for me.   It has nothing to do with stylers, washing, parting, or anything else.   It is super common for wavy hair to have more than one curl pattern.  

Fun fact, for YEARS I thought my layers were cut wrong on one side, or unevenly.   Turns out, that’s just how the hair grows."
RadishDerp,fhapfn,"What I do is wrap my hair in a satin scarf. I've always found that pineappleing just stretches out my waves, but the silk scarf is loose enough that everything stays intact!"
WaviestHare,fhapfn,This [video](https://youtu.be/qnl7uO22Kr0) from Swavy Curly Courtney helped me a lot.
syd_ann96,fhapfn,"Tips for night showers?!&&&I am a night showerer...any tips for a good hair day the next day?? Right now I let my hair air dry in a gel cast, put it in a pineapple, and sotc in the morning if there are still any crunchy pieces. I'm still having trouble with definition underneath and will sometimes end up with frizz on my top layers. Any tips for quick touch ups in the morning or preventing frizz and getting more wave definition??"
jwebb264,fh6vhr,"Tried a curly hair routine for the first time. It's a bit...unruly. Any advice?&&&&&&This is shampoo, conditioner, some of that not your mother's curl something or other and plopping."
100-1redballoons,fgvzzb,I found gel a bit much for my (I guess 2a) wavy hair. I use The Curl Company enhance & perfect Curl Cream and I also use a sea salt spray on my hair when it's wet and I'm scrunching it. The front dries a bit straighter than the rest but other than that I get good waves
Maxleagh,fgvzzb,"How do you scrunch out the crunch?&&&So I have only light wavy hair, beachy waves are about the best I get right now and I have relatively thin hair (not a lot of volume). Started the CGM recently but when I use gel I cannot seem to get all the crunch out once it’s dry. 

I can get the roots pretty well and most the body of the hair but the ends don’t crunch out and there are pieces still in the body. This makes my hair difficult to move around or style as parts are oddly stuck together. 

So far the only way I can find to break down these crunchy pieces is to rub them between my fingers or “brush” them out but both give frizz and ruin the way look....

How do you scrunch out the crunch or what other products besides gel do people like?

Also I don’t blow dry, just air dry."
SRSA,fgvzzb,I have an old silk scarf I use for scrunching my hair. It lets me scrunch more thoroughly without causing frizz.
apoleia,fgvzzb,"This video by Curly Susie (love her) explains it simply.

https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=Faf-m7v_HNw

I personally don't have a problem forming a gel cast or scrunching it.

I have long 2a-2b hair and i only use homemade flaxseed gel, let it completely air dry, and then get my head inverted and scrunch with my bare hands for a while (take it on the ends and scrunch it towards your scalp like an acordion while squeezing the hair in your hand). 
It takes a bit of time and you have to be a bit rough, but without rubbing it, just going in upward motions.
I do it until i'm satisfied with my waves looking dry and soft, instead of wet looking and crunchy.

Many times i scrunch a few more times throughout the day when i see a wave that looks a bit crunchy."
shitrock420,fgvzzb,"I have this problem too, fine hair and all. I recently got a Ouidad cut and the stylist used a different method to get the gel out and I think it worked a lot better, for me at least. Instead of SOTC he put some anti-frizz/smoothing serum in his hands, smoothed my hair back into a loose pony, and started twisting the ponytail (he said it's at that point when he starts freaking out a lot of his curly haired clients lol). He did that for a few twists then let the hair out and the gel cast was gone. Maybe try that method? I was so surprised it actually worked!&&&He used a Ouidad brand serum, but the one I have currently is Trader Joe's coconut hair serum (not sure if it's CGM approved) and I like it a lot."
IvannaOpheliaButtz,fgp0pb,"Day one CGM. SEND HELP. Damaged, frizzy, and limp. Advice? Products?&&&&&&I did the t shirt thingy, and I'll definitely try squishing and the smoothie. Thanks!"
fiennesfan,fgp0pb,Did you squish to condish? It’s important to rinse your hair and keep some conditioner in .  I personally love the Maui moisture curly smoothie. .You might have to water it down just a little but it makes my hair soft and just apply some cgm gel and you should be good. Oh and dry with a T-shirt instead of A terry towel.
BumptiousKermit,fgb8og,"Yep, adds volume on top."
Ciracy,fgb8og,It helps me form clumps that I can't get otherwise!
apoleia,fgb8og,"I do and have done for years mainly because i use coldish (warm to cold) water on my hair and scalp and i don't like that water running down my back.

I've also read that it works as an inversion method.

Try it! It can do no harm and you might notice it's better for your hair :)"
auntruckus,fgb8og,Yes I'm 2a/2b and my hair seems to do better volume-wise when I wash it that way. Plopping conditioner in it also helps the waves.
barbarababoon,fgb8og,I've ALWAYS washed my hair upside down and it's so much better. Try it with a detachable shower head.
bookraven4,fgb8og,"Washing hair upside down&&&Hi everyone, I have long, thick, type 2a hair. I’m just wondering if anyone has tried doing their wash and style upside down? Swavy Curly Courtney on youtube swears by it and I’m curious about anyone else’s experience. My hair tends to tangle very easily but I struggle with volume so I might try it out.

UPDATE: I tried washing and styling my hair upside down and I’d say it was a success!! I’ve been on the CGM for about 2 weeks now and this is the best my hair has looked. I’ll definitely have to get used to washing upside down as it was a messy experience but I’m excited to keep going.&&&thanks everyone! it’s nice to hear that most people have had a good experience with washing upside down. i’m excited to give it a try"
clementinesdot,fgb8og,"I usually wash it upside-down. Because it's layered and short-ish (shoulder-length), I also need to flip it forth and back a couple of times, otherwise, it gets all tangled up in the back. So what I do is basically: wash upside down with shampoo, put conditioner in, wash some of it out (with S2C), flip hair up, geeently detangle with hands, then flip back down, rinse and repeat."
fritzrits,fgb8og,I flip upside down when showering as it's easier to get to my scalp that way since my hair is super thick. It's also easier to run gel through like this. Also less product falls on your body after rinsing your head upside down.
itsjustflux,fgb8og,"My hair tangles really easily so I have to be careful how much I do upside down, but here are some tips I’ve found that have helped for it.

Your hair will tangle less if your clumps are well established before you flip.  So make sure to get those going before flipping up if doing conditioner upside down.  Also it will tangle more with gel in it so that’s something to consider while figuring out your routine.

When detangling brush away from your head, not straight down.  This also helps with volume.

Once you flip up, kinda lean back and shake your head, and sway so your hair is going from side to side a little behind you.  

Good luck!"
theresaketo,fgb8og,"My hair always ends up looking weird in the back when I do this. My hair is fine, high porosity and 2C. I’m following to see if anyone posts good tips to avoid this. 

Another way to get good volume is to detangle and apply product in the shower with a Denman brush. I currently brush my hair back, but once it is set for a while I’ll blow dry upside down."
SaturnCosmos,ffuryj,"Your hair could still be oily. If you added a lot of oil to your hair you may not have washed out everything. You could wash again and/or also do an Apple Cider Vinegar rinse to clarify. I like ACV rinses mostly cause I have dandruff, but also to clean off any small bits of oil I may have missed. 

I really like to use avocado oil, argan oil, and jojoba oil in my hair. Grape seed is also good, but it has a short shelf life. So I don’t like to buy it. 

Try doing some research on lightweight oils. There is a lot of information on YouTube also. “Organicallyanna” on YouTube & Instagram is really helpful."
SophiaGrace33,ffuryj,"Hair mask for wavy hair?&&&I did a hair mask someone on YouTube recommended: coconut oil, olive oil and an egg. I left it on for an hour then washed with shampoo and conditioner but my hair looks wet now and even with a hairdryer won’t dry and feels really oily. I don’t have dry hair and my hair gets greasy fast so maybe oils aren’t for me? I’m just getting into all this and so confused 🤦🏻‍♀️"
oxfordcommaonly,ffuryj,"Coconut oil and olive oil are both VERY heavy oils and often don't work well for certain hair types. 

Try either a clarifying shampoo (may take a couple washes) OR an egg yolk. 

I have found a lot of success using an egg yolk (just the yolk!). You have to rinse with cool water, otherwise you get scrambled eggs in your hair. 

an aloe vera mask may work better for you!"
GoshDarnBatgirl,ffu0ul,"Here's a great video for anyone who thinks they don't have waves and gel just made them: [http://youtube.com/watch?v=NcqTu4RbPIU](http://youtube.com/watch?v=NcqTu4RbPIU)  


(In seriousness though, gel alone can't give you waves like those in your pictures if you don't have some to start with. I think if you try to follow a curly/wavy routine you'll find you have even more waves!)"
SolairSyd,ffu0ul,probably 1C and 2A hair
barbarababoon,ffu0ul,Could I have (slightly) wavy hair?&&&I've had pretty straight hair my whole life. I always blowdry it. My babyhairs sometimes form little curls when they get wet. Today I scrunched my hair with gel and blowdried it (without a diffuser) and it turned  out like this. Could it be that I have slight waves or did I just create them with the gel? [Pictures](https://imgur.com/a/cSnCVhX)
fashionvomit,ffu0ul,"you definitely have some texture, my guess is they’re not at their full potential because of heat damage, good luck on your hair journey whatever route you decide to take!"
