index,id,comments
SmartOwls,jv09s1,"CLARIFY
Live Clean Apple Cider Vinegar Clarifying shampoo 

PROTEIN TREATMENT
Shea Moisture Manuka Honey & Yogurt Hydrate + Repair Protein Power Treatment

SHAMPOO AND CONDITIONER
Shea Moisture Coconut & Hibiscus Curl & Shine w/ Silk Protein & Neem Oil 

CURL CREAM
Shea Moisture Coconut & Hibiscus Curl Enhancing Smoothie w/ Silk Protein & Neem Oil 
OR
Garnier Fructis Style Curl Treat Defining Smoothie

GEL
Garnier Fructis Style Curl Treat Shaping Jelly

BRUSH
Wet Brush Dry Flex"
chelseelee,jv09s1,Products&&&What products are you loving right now for your hair?
freshfrizz,jv09s1,How often do you use the protein treatment? Do you ever experience having too much protein?
drawmyblade,juzxpk,"Before vs After I wash my hair&&&&&&I use Sukin Colour Care Shampoo and Conditioner. (I’m in Australia.)
I brush my hair before my shower, and then again when wet after shampooing and conditioning it. I brush it upside down and then scrunch it with a about 3 pea sized dollops of that same conditioner. 
All the while head is kept upside down! Shake my head gently around so curls don’t stick together.
Then I get kitchen roll (or tissues) and I scrunch with those until my hair is only slightly damp. Then I let air dry with it kind of “scrunched” around my neck. I find if I just let my hair trail down my back the curls go away because they’re heavy whilst wet."
pm-me-cute-dogs-pls,juzxpk,How do you scrunch around your neck while air drying? Ive never heard of it but it sounds intriguing
MHarris808,juwm6h,Thanks to everyone who gave me tips! This is the best my hair has looked since I discovered my new texture!&&&&&&Shampoo with Pantene essential oil’s moisturizerizing shampoo. AVC/water mix brush through sit for 5-7 minutes. Condition ends with mint conditioner. Scrunch dry with microfiber towels. Plop 20 minutes. Scrunch in garnier fructis curl construct. Air dry
GoldendoodlesFTW,jusz41,"I am by no means an expert but I have been doing CGM for about a year now and I still have this problem (canopy is much less curly). In fact, I actually have another layer right by my neck that is completely straight so it's pretty weird over here! Using a really high hold gel on just the front and using a hair dryer to diffuse that section helps some but honestly I just wear it half up, half down all the time. A simple loop looks best but the hairs from the loop kinda tickle my scalp. Braiding the straighter part works because you can see the portion underneath better than if you use a barrette or rubber band. Today I tried doing a nautilus bun with the half up part and it actually looks pretty good."
LaneyLuv,jusz41,"I have a similar texture, and I actually have a few cute little ringlets on my under layer but not the top. I got my hair cut similarly to SwavyCurlyCourtney on youtube (let me see if I cant find the video she explains her cut in) because we have really similar hair stats. Ive also have started using the denman brush with 3 rows removed so that it has 4 rows. I’ve had great success with that.&&&https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=7fsjoB6j-0w"
Rossyrocks,jusz41,"Ohhh, this is my hair in red... cannot help, still looking for a way to manage straight hair in the front and wsves in the back. Just here to say your not alone and waiting with you for someone with the magic solution ;)&&&You have beautiful hair btw!"
TweedleJAR,jusz41,"I have a similar issue, ringlets on bottom & almost straight on top. I always called it bi-textural hair. I’ve slowly started having success with getting the top to cooperate. 

Here’s what’s helped me: lots of layers cut into my hair, always washing upside down, Olaplex #3 treatments (I don’t do it too often, maybe monthly or bi-weekly), light products or sometimes little to no products on top, I spend extra time styling the top using denman brush & finger coiling, using excessive amounts of mousse &/or gel, diffusing upside down."
_pinkwhiteandblue,jusz41,Following this because my hair does the same thing!
brenegade,jusz41,"Ahhhh, mine is like that too. The best solution to dealing with that in a curly cut with shorter layers on the top so it reveals the tighter curls below. 

I don’t know what I did to my hair or if it is just straight on top."
daintydangerous,jusz41,This. I used to wash my hair with super high pressure and hot water right side up and the top layer of my hair is like this too. Now that I’ve been washing upside down for a while you can seriously feel the difference in the health of the new growth compared to the spots that used to get the full blast of the water.
folder_finder,jusz41,"I’d love some help from my wavy girls!&&&&&&Thank you so much for the compliment and the advice!&&&I’m scared to commit to a full shag (even though I LOVE the look), but I’ll talk to my hairstylist about a partial shag! Thanks for the tips!&&&Thanks for this!&&&Any gels and/or mousse you’ve been loving? I feel like I’m so lost on products&&&Thank you guys for all this feedback! I really appreciate it ♥️"
glow89,jusz41,do you have any tips for washing upside down? i’ve tried it before but my hair gets super tangled
heytherec17,jusz41,Also red head with top straight/wavy but curls underside... also looking for help! Someday we’ll get the magic.
hungry_ghost34,jusz41,"I agree with the comments about washing upside down, rinsing with cool/cold water.

But also, shag cuts look so good on us.  You don't have to worry about it looking thin at the bottom like with straight hair, so you can just put a ton of layers starting pretty high up, and it will really help the top parts curl while letting the bottom show, and not weighing any of it down and keeping the waves from happening."
littytitty4life,jusz41,Do you wash your hair upside down? Super hot water? Try washing upside down for a while. I have a curlier left side and a wavy right side and i struggle with the back. Totally understand your struggle but for what it's worth your hair color is so pretty and your hair looks pretty still!!
notesofastranger,jusz41,"After you choose which advice to follow, I also style my hair after dry to reveal its best waves. So i tend to pin back the top layer of my hair or pin curl the top layer to match on day 2 (looks a bit cray to begin with but it tends to settle down)"
rmg1102,jusz41,Me too! I need advice on that lol
toejampam,jusz41,My hair also does this.
whenAmeliaflies,jusz41,I seem to have the opposite problem haha! My top layer always gets such a nice curl pattern but if I want to do a half-up hairstyle then it reveals the bottom layers are quite flat
WaddleDeeinDreamLand,jusifj,"My hair definitely seems just like yours. Not coloured. I rate mine 2c 3a. I lose curls during the day, and can refresh with water and they spring up so happily, but I still get frizz. I've just learned to deal with it."
headskittydone,jusifj,"If I can, I try not to refresh. I sleep with it wrapped in a satin scarf and if I had a good day 1, I usually don't need to refresh day 2. If my waves have fallen to much (or if I want to try to go for day 3) I spray with a mix of water, conditioner, and gel, but I get more frizz and smaller curl clumps. At that point I usually end up pulling it half back or back with a headband and just embrace the crazier, frizzier curls."
hyprsxl,jusifj,"For those with low-to-medium porosity wavy hair, does ""refreshing"" help you?&&&I have fine, fairly dense, low-to-medium porosity hair, probably 2b or 2c. Here are some [recent pictures](https://imgur.com/a/GuRIjAt) of it.

For those with similar hair, if you refresh with a spray bottle after waking up, does it help you or give you frizz? Or, just looking at my hair, do you have any suggestions or recommendations?

I would say my biggest problem is frizz, and I haven't tried refreshing yet because I'm just getting back into CG after finally getting a haircut that makes sense with curly hair, but I want to see what others say before I give it a try.

&#x200B;

Editing to add: The first & third pics are second-day hair and I didn't refresh. The second pic is on wash day, before SOTC. "
nan00shie,jusifj,I was just about to comment exactly this
ndhewitt1,jusifj,"Spray bottle makes my hair frizz. But wetting hands under sink and glazing plus scrunching is great to kinda reform waves and unstraighten what I’ve slept on. I don’t know why it hates the spray bottle but loves the water hands. If I feel like it’s lacking moisture I put a tiny bit of leave in and water it down and scrunch in. If I feel like it’s lacking hold, I emulsify a little hold product with water and scrunch. Sometimes I do both. This is the way (the mandolorian... anyone else? No? Ok.) seriously, this works best for me after trial and error. My hair is low po (medium on ends), medium density, fine and 2a/b."
Pearella,jujxex,"Ply help me with my newly discovered messy wavy hair&&&&&&Thank you! :) I wouldn't mind getting layers but my hair is quite thin. But maybe it would look different if I get it more wavy? 
For a cut I have to wait anyway because of the lockdown in my country.  So I can experiment in the meantime ^^ I will try a cream and a mousse 👍
I try to endure it longer too and use dry shampoo in between. Your greasy hair seemed to have changed amazing! How long did it take you?&&&Okay maybe I should have made a text post! I'm sorry I never posted something with images on reddit :)
So my mum had really really curly hair.  Mine was always a bit wavy but I always brushed it and didn't pay attention to it. But it seemed to got wavier over the years. This is my hair when I don't brush it.
This time I used a comb. 
My routine is:
Wash every 2-3 days with goldwell sensitive foam shampoo. Unfortunately my hair gets greasy easily so I wash often and sometimes use dry shampoo on the second day. Then I always use schwarzkopf moisture kick conditioner. This time I combed it wet with the conditioner in and one time after letting my hair air dry. 
I also get knots easily and I feel very messy if I don't brush my hair.. 
I dont know what type of hair I have. Is it wavy enough to work on it? I would love to have more waves or curls but don't feel like it looks good at the moment and I'm just so lost.. 
Can you help me please?&&&Thank you so so much for taking your time! I really appreciate it a lot <3 
How long did it take you to find the right products for your hair? It seems to be a science and it's still a bit confusing for me. The moisture protein thing... 
So I checked products online at the shop I usually buy my hair products from. I only found one with protein. I once had a cheap product with protein from the drugstore and I felt like it didn't do anything for my hair. 
Last week I tried a moisturing mask and my waves were bigger and somehow more pretty after it. Could this be a sign that my hair needs more moisture?
I feel like trying for moisture first and buying a shampoo for waves/curls. I never tried shampoo for this type of hair :D 

Thank you a lot for your product and youtube suggestion! I'm from Austria and it seems like we don't have the same garnier products which surprises me a little.  But I found a cheaper balm and a mousse that I will buy and try out! Probably not both at the same time in case it is too much.

For the squish to condish technique im gonna look for a tutorial. This may be a stupid question but do I squish it all the way up so I touch my scalp or should no conditioner at all get to the scalp? Also do I do this for a  few minutes or only for a short time?
Do you only brush your hair wet?

Im guilty of the towel thing^^"" i try not to rub it with a towel but always but it in one for a few minutes. I saw an advertisement for a microfiber turban just yesterday  though! I can sure get one. 

The unicorn cut sounds interesting. Someone else suggested layers I will look it up :)

Again thank you so much for all your suggestions.  I will get some products and when I have them and something changed I will post a new picture in this sub so you guys can see :D 

Ps: English is not my first language so I'm sorry if I made mistakes!"
SmartOwls,jujxex,"You definitely have wavy/curly hair. If this is just you not doing anything with it, you have wavier/currier hair than I do haha! I have a feeling you're going to see aassive difference just from doing squish to condish in the shower and applying even just mousse for a little.hold.&&&Hi! Welcome to being Wavy! This is going to be long and contains info that has worked for me. The biggest takeaway is that wavy/curl hair is different for everyone and you'll need to experiment to find what works for you. I would suggest starting with developing a technique and figuring out if your hair needs protein or moisture. 

To start out my favourite products are the Garnier Fructis Curl Treat Smoothie and Garnier Gructis Curl Treat Jelly. This combo along with the Shea Moisture Curl and Shine shampoo/conditioner works sooooo well for me. Shea Moisture products are more expensive and can sometimes be too heavy for wavy hair so take care. I use it because my hair looooooves protein and I'm in a place where I can afford to spend money on all the different products (its a problem i cannot stop buying all the curly products I see and trying them even tho I have a holy grail combo already, please send help) 

 If you're starting out, I would do the research first and start with the less expensive products (Garnier is a mid range product) so you're not out big bucks if it doesn't work for you.  

For technique I recommend brushing your hair after applying conditioner with a wet brush and then doing squish to condish. Take your hair at the ends and squish it up towards your scalp to encourage the product to absorb into your hair and to encourage the waves/curls. See swavyCurlyCourtney on YouTube for tons of videos and product reviews, manesbymell is another good one. 

After rinsing out the conditioner, apply a curl cream on wet hair in the shower and do the same squishing technique. Do not rinse this out. 

After that you can apply a gel to wet hair or a mousse for a lighter product. Waves tend to get weighed down by super heavy products. Aussie has a great mousse that I really like as well. 

Squish out all the excess water you can by squishing it up towards your scalp. Then DO NOT TOWELS DRY YOUR HAIR. Get a microfiber turban (Walmart has them for a great price) or take an old cotton tshirt and plop your hair into it (again directions for how to do this are on youtube). I like to plop overnight because my hair takes literal hours to dry. Start by plopping for 10-15 minutes and taking it down and seeing how it looks and then air drying. If you have lots of hair ornits heavy, plop for longer or diffuse as the weight of the wet hair can pull put the waves. 

As for getting tangled easily, I would get a trim as it helped me with this problem. I gave myself a unicorn cut (instructions on youtube) during quarantine and the tangling issue went away for the most part. Also it gave layers without sacrificing too much length and the shorter pieces curled up much more as there's wasn't as much weight pulling them down. 

As for greasiness, I used to have the same issue, but once I started treating my hair properly and slowly expanding the time between washes, I found the greasiness issue much less. You'll need to experiment with this. Be prepared to have some time where your hair looks and feels gross. This is what buns and ponytails and braids are for :) 

It will take time for your hair to adjust to the new treatment. You may find that products that work for me or others do NOT work for you. Start with finding if you need protein or moisture and get a good shampoo/conditioner combo that provides that. Then look for styling products. My favourite gel works amazing when I use a protein shampoo/conditioner but does not work at all when I use a shampoo/conditioner that is more moisturizing (my hair just goes sooooo limp) 

I hope this helps!"
dinozaur91,jujxex,"It is 100% wavy enough! I think some layers and maybe some product (mousse, gel, whatever your hair prefers) would do wonders :) 

With the greasy hair, from my experience the more you wash, the more oil your scalp produces. If you want to space your wash days out, you can do it gradually, and your scalp should be able to adjust over time. I used to wash every day but now I'm down to once a week."
Another53108,juj18q,Your hair looks amazing. What is a scalp scrubber?
Call_Me_Coco_Chanel,juj18q,"Woah! Nice results! 

I’m right there with you. I think I started CGM like beginning of September. The first month was sooooo rough... but it’s starting to get better."
EastsideandWestside,juj18q,Woahhh this is giving me inspo to start right noowww
Pey777,juj18q,"You can do it!!&&&&&&My “routine”

The quotes are there because I just change my products to fit what my hair needs on a day to day basis. My products:

Shampoo:
Wash with carols daughter basil foam cleanser stuff (it’s at target) with a silicone scalp scrubber

OR 

Co wash with as I am and scalp scrubber. I usually do this if I feel like my hair is dry or something. Most of the time I use the low poo.

Optional: aphogee 2 minute miracle protein treatment. This has amodimethicone but my hair doesn’t seem to care. This is a damage repair treatment that says to use once a week until your hair is better, but I kinda just use it whenever my hair wants protein. Protein is protein \(•-•)/

Conditioner:
kinky curly knot today

OR

Shea moisture manuka honey conditioner (if my hair is dry). I often use this in conjunction with kinky curly anyways since kinky curly is my leave in. Smells great, cheap.

Leave in:
Kinky curly knot today

Styler:
Jessicurl spiralicious gel. I’ll note that this gel smells like fruit loops, it’s very nice. (I have the “lavender” scent. But it’s def fruit loop...)

I microplop with a fancy towel (it’s a super soft towel that isn’t really meant for curly hair or anything but it’s nice. Tshirt when I can’t reach the towel; works just as well.

After scrunching out the excess water I add some Giovanni turbocharged foam. Be sure to not add too much, it makes your hair feel very gross.

I wait a little bit to make sure my hair is not dripping. Then I diffuse. Sometimes I wait to air dry some more first.

When I diffuse and style I have had the best luck NOT doing things upside-down, because that just makes me look like a damp nest. Instead I mostly do everything side to side and mix in some upside down and right side up. I hover diffuse my roots first on low heat low speed and then pixie diffuse after a cast has formed and roots are dry. So when that is done my hair looks really bad, like there is no hope in it looking good. That’s my signal that it’s time to air dry the rest of the way (so at like 80%ish dry). This doesn’t take too long, maybe 30 min? If I’m in a hurry I could try to diffuse the rest of the way but that usually causes more harm than good.anyways then I SOTC. I don’t like to use oil. I’ve only tried jojoba and it always seems like a good idea until two hours later when my hair looks like an oily mop.&&&I’m glad I could inspire you :)&&&Aw, thanks :) Yeah, I got highlights a few months before I got it all chopped off. Then when I was getting it chopped I got highlights again. Now I’m just growing them out, luckily it’s not very noticeable since my stylist is good with color!&&&Oh my gosh the first few months were... trying. I want to do a post of my worst hair days soon, because my hair is literally different every day. 

Getting a haircut changed everything! Funny thing is I didn’t bleach or (severely, at least) heat damage my hair. I had lots of doubts about if my hair even is wavy at all, but eventually I learned to accept whatever it was :). I’m so glad that I kept going."
ndhewitt1,juj18q,So beautiful. Thank a for the inspiration and the detailed routine!
trillium_waste,juj18q,Your hair looks beautiful!! Is it color treated at all?
Retiredgiverofboners,judp3j,https://youtu.be/Qe-SAYVlJ2E&&&There are videos on YouTube
mdiver19,judp3j,"Tips on how to diffuse&&&Hi! I recently purchased the xtava orchid hair diffuser thinking that it will help me to dry faster and get more definition on my hair, specially during winter! however, every time I use it, my hair just gets super frizzy and with no definition, some parts ended up being straight. In general, it seems that  when I woke up, I didn’t brush my hair. I’ve tried using with gel or mousse and with both my hair just feels dry and dirty and no waves at all! Do you have any tips on how to diffuse? Thank you!&&&Thank you so much for your response. This is very helpful. I think I’ve been making the mistake of diffuse when my hair is almost dry. I will do different next time. I have another question, is it normal to not get the cast when you are diffusing?"
me-me-123,judp3j,"I’m not someone who diffuses all the time, but something that cuts down on frizz for me (and I always get a TON of frizz) is hover diffusing. If you do this until your curls are mostly dry, instead of scrunching with the diffuser, chances are the curl clumps won’t really break up as easily and get frizzy. After your hair is mostly dry, you can bring the curls up towards your scalp with the diffuser to finish them off. 

I would definitely recommend watching some tutorials as well though, as everyone’s curls are different. Good luck!

Edit: I notice that my curls are slightly less defined when I defuse, compared to when I plop for a few hours and let air dry while I sleep. Something I’ve started doing is holding my head a bit above a T-shirt on whatever my closest surface is, and letting most of my hair rest in that while I start drying the roots. Then when I move onto the middle section, I raise my head a little more, so the ends are still sitting on the T-shirt. And when the middle is dry, I can just dry the ends either on the T-shirt or in the air. That way, my thousand pounds of hair are still supported a bit while they’re wet instead of being 100% killed by gravity."
CactusWithAbs,jubwgm,"A little frizzy, but I’m happy with the curl retention. 😊 curl-friendly shampoo and conditioner, argon oil spray, and volume-increasing mousse.&&&&&&Not Your Mother’s Curl Talk shampoo and conditioner, Hask argon oil spray, and Herbal Essence volume mousse.&&&Yeah I’m too scared to try gel for that exact reason! The mousse is okay but you have to use kind of a lot for it to make a difference, in my opinion. And it does have build up but is definitely lighter than gel, so it’s not as bad. I wash my hair every day though 🤷🏻‍♀️"
unhealthy_lingerer,jubwgm,"That looks amazing! I'd love to try using a mousse as it seems to be less harsh than gel and less buildup as well?

Not so sure about your use of ""argon"" oil. Do not inhale. (Sarcasm lol)"
Assaska,ju9sj6,Gorgeous
Bike_Pretty,ju9sj6,Beautiful and congratulations! I can’t imagine looking that glamorous postpartum 🤣
ckeeman,ju9sj6,Your waves are what my waves aspire to look like! Absolutely beautiful! 😍
extraordinarilybland,ju9sj6,"Postpartum hair loss and desperately in need of a haircut, but I had a great wash day today! 4 weeks wavy.&&&&&&Aww, thank you! The face is covered for more than just privacy. Sleep deprivation is real! 😊&&&I’m only 4 weeks in, so I’m still figuring out my routine. I started off with strictly CGM products and cowashing but I’ve got moisture overload now on my fine, medium density, high porosity, colour treated hair. 
Today’s wash:
1) Wash with Herbal Essences Pure Aloe + Avocado Oil shampoo (sulphate free - usually I would cowash with As I Am coconut cowash but this was what I had available) and rinse out 
2) Comb through and then S2C Maui Moisture Lightweight Hydration+ Hibiscus Conditioner. Left in for 5 minutes then rinsed out fully. 
(Usually I would flip my hair upside down at this point, apply more water and all products to dripping wet hair and not comb it but today I it switched up)
3) Plopped for ten minutes
4) Apply Shea Moisture Manuka Honey & Mafura Oil Intensive Hydration Hair Masque to the ends of my hair with prayer hands and comb upside down 
5) Cantu Moisturising Curl Activator Cream with prayer hands and scrunch 
6) Scrunch in Shockwaves Volume Mousse and hover diffuse on medium heat medium speed til 80% dry then air dried the rest. 

Next things to try - rice water rinse and denman brush. I use olaplex 3 but I really want to correct the protein/ moisture balance.  

If anyone has any recommendations (for IG accounts etc) and also for what I could do to improve further I would be grateful!&&&Thank you so much&&&It’s frustrating isn’t it? Not knowing when it’s going to stop! And the fluff 😩&&&Oh gosh thanks that’s so lovely! They looked like this yesterday but waiting to see what they are like today...!"
helliebell3,ju9sj6,Your waves are gorgeous!
neverseektotell,ju9sj6,curlywavyaly (Ali?) looks like she has similar texture to you
yougoglimcoco,ju9sj6,Stunning! I'm working out that postpartum hair loss too and have some serious wave envy!
zestygingersnap,ju9sj6,@swavycurlycourtney really helped me figure out application and she’s always testing new products. She’s great for wavies!
Bike_Pretty,jtzbpe,Feeling bummed about my latest wash day :/&&&
jeanbot_,jtzbpe,Lol this is perfect
notesofastranger,jtzbpe,I came on here feeling exactly the same!
queefing_like_a_G,jtzbpe,I feel seen lol
thenavylark,jtzbpe,At least you can boil it up and eat it if you get snacky later.
PiggyTran,jtu9ux,"Wow 😳&&&Yesterday I made my first attempt at co-washing! And the results the next day were just, mwah, I had ringlets mixed with waves and my hair looked less frizzy and more shiny :D&&&My routine:
1.) I co-wash now :D (used to be Suave Shampoo(
2.) Then I section my hair in 2, and condition both sides with Suave
3.) Wait about 6 minutes or 2 songs
4.) Rinse with cold water 
5.) Squish out the water with a t-shirt
6.) Air dry"
InterestingAnything3,jtqjrh,"Your hair looks like mine did ~6 months ago. I think something you are using is too heavy. Wavies don’t usually need a leave in, a curl cream, a mousse, and a gel. In my experience less is more. I would recommend trying each of your products alone to see how your hair responds to each. Then you could try doubling up. The most I will use together in my (2B-C, fine, low porosity) hair is a curl cream and a gel. 

I get the best results when I apply everything to dripping wet hair and I think this is common with wavies.

Also how long are you plopping? I think generally when you plop for longer than 10-20 min the towel soaks up a lot of the product."
MHarris808,jtqjrh,2nd day v wash day. My hair has to be in a bun all week. How do you protect your hair? I feel like as my hair finds it’s curl pattern it become a frizzy chaos on my head. Help&&&&&&Usually 15-20 minutes but it’s soaking wet.&&&I use herbal essences shampoo and conditioner. Then a pea size amount of Cantu leave in conditioner. I plop with either mousse or curl cream and then scrunch gel in
Taco_boutit,jtqjrh,"If you're putting it up in a bun often, see if you can use soft scrunchies to prevent breakage!"
Pitiful-Agency,jthjrs,"I am wavy in front, straight in back. A good curly cut has helped a bit.  I clip the back after washing or when refreshing to enhance/ encourage curl. Kind of like messy pin curls using the flat metal clips. It does help."
SmartOwls,jthjrs,"Of ots just the front pieces, maybe half plop with a scarf tied like a head band and only ruck up the front pieces ams then use a hair dryer to dry it through the scarf? 

No idea of that will help, but worth a shot! A lot of this wavy hair business is trial and error to see what works for you."
destroyerofhorcruxes,jthjrs,"Half straight and half curly hair tips&&&As the title says, the front half of my hair is straight and the back half is curly, or as my sister likes to call it - ""ambi-texturous"". Do any of you guys have the same problem? Even after trying the CGM, the front half of my head refuses to budge and it always looks I forgot to straighten half my hair. Any tips would be highly appreciated!&&&Thanks! I'll definitely try that on my next wash day.&&&Routine: Wash with Aveeno Scalp Soothing Rose Water & Chamomile Blend Shampoo. The same set of conditioner, and comb it out with hands. After that I use the Uncle Funky's Daughter Curly magic curl stimulator while scrunching the hair. Then I scrunch out the excess water with a cotton t-shirt and let it air dry. Once the hair is a little dry, I use the Locking + Coconut Curls Decadent Creamy Mousse and that's it.&&&Thank you for the suggestion. I'll definitely try to mix and match a bit. I'm still testing the products, yet to find my perfect match. But I love the mousse, you should definitely try it. It does not make my hair greasy, and leaves my hair feeling so soft."
ftr-mmrs,jthjrs,"Oil prepoo with 100% pure argan oil has done wonders for evening out my curl pattern.

ETA: Also, the UFDCM may be a bit too much for your hair. Try just using mousse and see if there is a change for the better.

Edited again: Alternatively, skip the mousse and try the UFDCM alone. Just looked up the mousse ingredients and it has shea butter in it, which can weigh down curls. (This isn't universal...my fine, 2c/3a hair *lurves* shea butter. I just heard of this mousse and its now on my list to try)."
meeshadamus_,jthjrs,Get a curly cut! If you go to a curly/wavy hair specialist :) that’s what worked for me!
waltwertzel,jthjrs,"When you say oil prepoo, do you just do scalp or roots to ends?"
