index,id,comments
Sarahgrajales,f1jj3i,"Right now everyone is stoping using Deva curl till we find out what is going with them an that lawsuit and other stufff . So for right now stop using it do an Apply cider rinse, then maybe even a whole day without any products to give hair a break then start back fresh with new hair care system"
aL_radish,f1jj3i,"Maybe I'm alone in this, but I am giving DevaCurl another try. I had a pixie and short bob for years because I grew up with hair that was frizzy no matter WHAT I tried, so decided to give their products a try. I started out with the One Condition No Poo and Conditioner -- my hair responded REALLY well. My hair looked fabulous, I had never seen defined waves or curls in my hair... ever. At first I was a 2a, then 2b, and was really beginning to wonder if I would enter 2c territory.

When I went to order more product from them, I don't know why, but I opted to try Low Poo/Delight (wavy) formulas instead because I felt embarrassed buying ""curly"" products, thinking I was doing something wrong. I also tried the leave-in conditioner product, and one of the moisture masks. My hair completely rejected them and has looked awful/damaged ever since, I also noticed it seemed to get oilier sooner and was also starting to break. I switched to trying out the Ethique bars and after 3 months my hair hasn't gotten any better, but my routine has also been much lower on protein. I now need to comb my hair and when I comb I am losing hair -- this was not happening when I was using the No Poo/Conditioner!

I'm giving the One Condition line another shot despite the scandal, but I've only ordered the smallest sizes. I think my waves need more protein. All in all, I think it was too much product all at once and a little bit of ""user error"". I'll see of the No Poo/Conditioner can ""fix"" my problems, if not... whatever. As soon as salons re-open in June (finger crossed), I was planning on going back to a bob or pixie anyhow."
auntruckus,f1jj3i,"Holy cow I'm so sorry you're going through this, but I came to say thanks for posting it!! I've been saving up for their line too because a lot of people seem to love it. My hair is already the 2a-b you mentioned and I'm trying to figure out what to do with it as well.

So far my best results are clarifying with VO5 clarifying shampoo, then strictly cowashing with As I Am coconut cowash throughout my hair and dry with a towel tied around my head while I sleep. It's not a perfect routine yet but my hair feels decent and is coming back from being overly dry from a climate change (I moved). Best of luck OP!! 💜"
kagsieee,f1jj3i,"I think DevaCurl made my hair super oily and straightened my waves. Advice?&&&Two years ago I started my “curly” hair journey with my waves. I felt back then my hair was initially more wavy, like 2b/2c mix. Occasionally I got the rare and beautiful 3a curls popping in. 

My hair has always been oily, but once I started with CGM, my hair could stretch two days before I would cowash, but I could shampoo only once a week. 

I don’t know if this is the reason why, but I’m mentioning this due to the current controversy - a few months later into my journey, I did try out DevaCurl’s wavy line (low poo, one delight, wave maker) and a few other products from them. I saved up a lot of money for these as you can imagine, but a few days into using these products, my hair became so dry and strawlike, it was frizzy when wet, and my 2b/2c curls became straighter. My scalp became incredibly dry and itchy. Once I finished these products, I didn’t repurchase, but of course the damage was done (I just didn’t know to what extent at that time). 

Thankfully though I like short hair so I did a chop and started using other products. My scalp improved and my waves got better, but I have two issues now. 1. My hair is now 2a/2b and 2. It gets so oily even on day 1! By the end of the day, it looks like I haven’t washed my hair in weeks. I have even tried clarifying with a sulfate shampoo and it still looks oily. 

Anyone else have a similar issue? It’s been over 6 months since I ditched the DC products and yet I’m still battling an oily scalp. I’m back to washing my hair every day and I don’t know what to do about it.&&&Yeah I’m not anymore. Like I mentioned, I didn’t repurchase after using them.&&&Well I’m so glad I saved you some money! You’d probably lose all your texture because mine was much wavier/curlier in the beginning. 

I’ll definitely try the VO5 clarifying shampoo. I currently use the same cowash as you and I love it! Best of luck in your wavy journey! :)&&&Yeah like I said I haven’t used DC for like 6 months but I’m still having scalp issues. I’ll try the ACV rinse though that’s a good idea! Thanks"
moosetastic76,f1jj3i,"Will they honor it even if it’s after the return deadline? I bought some devacurl products, hated them, and they’ve just been sitting in my bathroom.  Bought them about 3-4 mo ago."
roxemary,f1jj3i,"Shea moisture is on the proccess of changing their formulas after being sold, some products aren's cgm approved anymore..."
vintagepop,f1jj3i,"Do NOT use DevaCurl products. Take them back to Ulta, and they will refund you, or just keep them in case you are offered a consolation. Currently going through a major lawsuit due to their products ruining people’s hair. Get some Shea moisture products and do lots treatments to bring your waves back to life."
Anyrak,f1jhtr,"I'm still a newbie so I don't feel comfortable recommending yet, but what I did was go to the naturally curly website and they had a list of products recommended for wavy hair. I started there and researched individually. Super helpful, since I was using the wrong type of products for my hair."
Dereksqueen,f1jhtr,"Products?&&&So I'm new to the CG method and looking for a collection from a brand to get me started. I've been looking at jessiecurl and treluxe but wanted yalls opinion before I bought. I have 2c dry, low porosity hair down the middle of my back. Any suggestions would be appreciated&&&Thank you!"
cravewing,f1jhtr,"If you're new to CGM, I suggest starting out with cheap products and going from there. The Tresemme Botanique conditioner is a good starting point for many curlies and Shea Moisture has some really good shampoos. Starting cheap is a good way to learn about the way your hair behaves without shelling out for products that may or may not work for you"
Ducky4504,f0tkfm,When I come directly out of a shower I plop my hair with a t-shirt and get ready for the day. When I'm dressed and ready I take the shirt off and if I want max curl I'll diffuse. Although to be honest diffusing is a lot of work for me and there is more curl but not significant enough to do it every wash.
TraciDroney,f0tkfm,How to dry&&&I have watched a few videos and did some reading but want some opinions. How is the bast way to dry your hair for max waves. I have a diffuser but tend to let it air dry more. Is a towel better?
fiennesfan,f0tkfm,I’m a cross between wavy and curly. I use a diffuser occasionally and it does give more body and bounce than air dry.. I have found the thing that helps the most is using a tshirt instead of a towel. It is really helped with frizz and I have a lot more wave
sniffincoozies,f0tkfm,What’s plop?
Rumination716,ezynzu,Does this product contain glycerin? I find that ingredient makes me frizzy bc of the humidity in my city.
pissgender,ezynzu,"thank you, orange marmalade!!&&&&&&3 months into cgm and this is my best hair day yet! I can't stop looking at myself in the mirror 😅

routine:

- cleanse with as I am coconut cowash

- apply a quarter size amount of kinky curly knot today and s2c

- apply about 5-6 pumps on ecoslay orange marmalade using roping method and scrunch in

- glaze curl clumps with a handful of herbal essences totally twisted for hold, scrunch in

- try to diffuse til totally dry but stop at 90% bc I'm impatient as hell lol

my roots are finally waving with this routine. I'm so happy omg. I just got ecoslay's travel kit this week. orange marmalade is my favorite product EVER, hands down. usually I have a ton of frizz with other gels and creams but theres almost none right now and my waves are super defined and bouncy! even the back of my hair is wavy, which is amazing because usually straight! I love the banana cream as well. I wish I could use it as a leave-in bc it smells and feels so good but it weighs my hair down a ton. oh well, it's still amazing as a DC.&&&no, it's a flaxseed and aloe gel! you can look it up on their [website](https://www.ecoslay.com/)"
BringOnTheShibas,ezim6b,"Aussie Instant Freeze gel has worked great for my high porosity wavy hair. Walnut sized in shower using praying hands and scrunching, plop for 10 minutes in a microfiber towel then shake out and add some more gel mixed with water by scrunching and air dry."
CountingCroutons,ezim6b,"The only time I have managed to get a gel cast, I didn't apply it to soaking hair. What I did was get the extra water scrunched out of my hair with a cotton t-shirt. Then I got my hands wet, put some gel in my hands and rub them together. It got to where my hands were slimy, but not sticky. Then scrunch it in by section. I have fine, thin hair and this is the only way I could manage any kind of cast."
DelusionalMadness,ezim6b,For me it indeed works better to add to not soaking wet hair.
apoleia,ezim6b,"I have 2a-2b hair and have no problem with gel cast. 

I use a good amount of homemade flaxseed gel (LOVE IT) on wet hair, clip it very loosely for it to not be on my face, and leave it to fully dry for hours without touching it. After 2-3 hours it's usually dry and crunchy so I scrunch it to leave the waves looking soft."
cephalophile32,ezim6b,"I never get a gel cast!&&&Help! No matter what I seem to do I can’t seem to develop a cast or any sort of crunchiness. 

I’ve tried Shea Moisture anti-Fizz Max Hold Gel, LA Looks, ECO professional styling gel with Aloe, and Paul Mitchell Tea Tree Styling Gel. 

I’ve tried small amounts (Nickel sized), medium amounts (half dollar) and huge amounts (¾ cup). No matter what I do my hair will not for a cast. 

I’ve used praying hands, raking, brushing, squishing to apply. I’ve applied when soaking wet. When damp. (I won’t do it while dry because my hair is fine and that would make things a million times more stringy).  What on earth am I doing wrong?&&&I already diffuse :/&&&Ugh I’m having pretty much the same issue. Super limp hair after half a day.  I’m guessing I must have high porosity hair too. I did a few deep conditioning treatments in a row and that seemed to help my hair feel softer but nothing helps the frizz. 
It always looks so nice and promising right after the shower&&&Isn’t it crazy the lengths we go to to embrace our wild locks?  Thanks for the info. I’ll see what I can incorporate into my routine :)&&&Good to know thank you. I did something similar to this this morning as part of a refresh. We’ll see how it looks midday haha.&&&Sounds like foam is maybe the way to go&&&This is the second or third reference to Aussie. Sounds like their products are good for wavies!&&&Jeeze. I figured after 4 gels that contain something like “Max hold!” I’d have found SOMETHING.&&&I’ve noticed I definitely have more hold. But it’s insanely fuzzy/frizzy and by the end of the day it falls. I don’t really know if I have high porosity hair or not. It takes 3-4hrs to fully air dry. If I wet plop it overnight in a T-shirt I’ll wake up the next morning and it’s still not only just damp, but, if I squeeze it water will come out. So I don’t know what that means.&&&I do put my hair in the bowl! How do you diffuse without doing that?"
isthatarealquestion,ezim6b,"Same here.. I have high-porosity hair and I can’t get it to retain moisture and for the waves to hold.. or if I add gel it looks okay for half the day and then it goes dull and heavy later.  

Most recently I added  Knot Today (did not rinse any out) and then added DevaCurl B’Leave In. my hair felt soo gloppy which was weird but it looked pretty good dry and I was happy with it. but by the end of the day was kinda blah and limp. The next day it was really oily and I had to shampoo again. 

I add product when it’s soaking wet as is the CG way and then plop into microfiber towel buuuut doesn’t the towel soak some of the product too? 

I have no idea what I’m doing.."
krj623,ezim6b,"Are you continuing to scrunch throughout the drying process? When you diffuse, are you putting your hair into the diffuser bowl? Both of these things will interrupt casting."
marmaladestripes725,ezim6b,I find mousse works better for me than gels or creams to get the crunch.  Also using a hair dryer with a diffuser.  Air drying either loses everything or I’m left with greasy clumps.
melzzkn,ezim6b,"I have the eco styling gel aswell and cant get a cast at all. Its nice and soft, but there’s absolutely nothing to crunch out afterwards and my waves don’t hold at all. Maybe our hair isn‘t curly/wavy enough and the gels you’ve used aren’t strong enough? The search for the miracle gel continues....."
merbeariu7,ezim6b,"I apply kinky curly curling custard to soaking wet hair followed by innersense foam. I scrunch gently until my hands hurt from pulsing so much. Hyperbole. But still. Then I wet plop for 20 min. And then hover diffuse until 90% dry and air dry the rest. I get a major cast BUT if I touch my hair with my hands or blow dryer while drying, I slowly lose the cast. No touching! Good luck!"
roxemary,ezim6b,"I only get a proper gel cast with a non-cgm gel (it has wax). It's hard cement from fructis. The name is appropriate. Angel's gel is nice as well, but doesn't have as much hold - I use if I need extra gel in a day after. There is a Nivea foam that creates cast if applied in soaking wet hair.."
speckledyen,ezim6b,"I have wavy, fine, high-porosity hair. I can get a gel cast pretty easily, but it’s really hard for me to crunch out without pulling (hurting) my hair. So I stopped using traditional gel and started using Garnier Fructis Curl Shape Defining Spray Gel on a recommendation. You use it on dry hair. It’s not fully CGM since it has sulfates but my hair’s okay with it.

Right now I rinse the conditioner out of my hair with it upside down, keep it upside down and apply Luv Ur Curls wavy all-in-one, Garnier Fructis Curly Treat, plop, diffuse the roots dry and if it’s a weekday diffuse completely dry. I wash at night so after that I pineapple with a scrunchie. The next morning I use dry shampoo on my roots and get it parted the way I want, then use the spray gel to bring back the curl and finish the look. 

Lots of detail, but this has been really working for me so I’m excited to share. The spray gel is the key for me so maybe it will work for you too! Good luck!"
theresaketo,ezim6b,"Which mouse do you use?&&&I have the same issue! I have high porosity fine hair. I’m not sure if my hair just absorbs the gel or what. Following to see if you get any good tips.

I’ve been using the She Moisture curl mouse. It seems to stick, but it has a lighter hold."
Ducky4504,eywwoe,"Try doing a cleansing wash if you have used silicones in the past, it could help Remove build up. Also I would try slowly skipping days. Just wash every other day and if your hair starts getting less greasy maybe every 3 days. Sometimes when people have really thin hair they have to use sulfates despite what the CG method says, just make sure your not using any silicones. Try looking into getting a higher quality shampoo that focuses on sebum balancing. There may be something wrong with the hair follicles and the sebum balancer will help. Also if you haven't already if you have the money and time I highly suggest going to a hair cutter that specializes in curly hair. They can usually diagnose your hair and help you find the products that should work best for you. I have really fine curly hair too so I hoped this helped!"
jackbootedhugger,eywwoe,I want to know too!  I've been experimenting but it's not going so good so far.
mercurys-daughter,eywwoe,Your hair is most likely getting greasy so quickly because you’re washing it so much. Are you following the curly girl method at all? As far as avoiding sulfates and silicones at least? I have thin hair and I use Cake Curl Whip on my damp hair with scrunching motion and it helps a lot.
puppybumble,eywwoe,"Thin hair but it's wavy&&&And I have no idea what to use on it. Because it's thin, my hair gets greasy super quickly so needs to be shampooed daily. I get a relatively good, if a little bit frizzy, texture if I avoid conditioner altogether and use a light shampoo followed by an air dry, but I want to make more of my natural texture. Any hints for a thin haired girl?&&&I've tried skipping washes before but honestly it gets streaky and sticks to my head so quickly, which as thin hair shows all the more anyway, so quickly that I daren't miss a wash anymore!"
thefoxsaysquack,eywwoe,"When I first started wearing my hair wavy there was definitely an adjustment. I had been washing my hair daily for basically forever, but I found that over time I was able to push it longer and longer. It’s been about two years and now I can go three or four days. 

I think the biggest thing for me was that trying not to disrupt the curls forced me to stop touching my hair quite so much. I always had a bad habit of running my fingers through my hair, especially when nervous."
theresaketo,eywwoe,Try Shea Moisture Curl coconut & hibiscus line shampoo & conditioner. Stick with the Milk product and foam mouse and not the smoothie product. It’s moisturizing without weighing fine hair down. It’s also very reasonably priced.
Offkilter20,ey9loi,"Plop help!&&&Quick question: (I’m still trying to find my routine.)
If I plop AFTER I use Denman brush and put in my gel, will I end up with a frizzy and/or flat mess? Or would a final plop help? (I only air dry, I don’t diffuse or anything)

Thanks!"
GoshDarnBatgirl,ey9gl3,"Alternatives to DevaCurl One Condition and Low Poo/No Poo?&&&I've been seeing all the talk about DevaCurl (allegedly) causing hair loss. You can [read more about it here](https://www.reddit.com/r/curlyhair/comments/eb8v91/psa_stop_using_deva_nopoo_its_made_all_my_clients/) and make up your own mind.

I currently use DevaCurl Low Poo and One Condition and haven't experienced any issues, however I'd like to switch just to be on the safe side once I've used up my current bottles. I've seen a lot of recommendations for alternatives but most of them are Shea Moisture which I find builds up fast on my thinner 2A hair.

If you switched from DevaCurl, or if you have thinner hair, what shampoo/conditioner combo would you recommend that isn't too heavy and doesn't cause build-up, but still helps enhance your curls?"
LaylaLeesa,ey9gl3,"I don't have an alternative to Deva, but I have been using it for 4 years without issue."
OliviaLivLivvie,ey9gl3,I use this line and love it! I actually get a scalp reaction with a lot of shampoos and conditioners and have had zero problem with this line. And my hair looks and feels great!
WeAreStarless,ey9gl3,"sally's has a line called ""zotos: all about curls"" that's supposed to be a dupe for devacurl!"
fashionvomit,ey9gl3,i just switched from devacurl to the not your mother's curl talk line and IT IS AMAZING!!! SO MUCH BETTER FOR MY HAIR!!!
krj623,ey9gl3,"I use a scalp scrubber when I shampoo and that prevents any build up, also takes the work out of shampooing!"
marmaladestripes725,ey9gl3,"* Not Your Mother’s Naturals Tahitian Gardenia Flower & Mango Butter Shampoo

* Garnier Fructis Pure Clean + Aloe Extract Conditioner

* Maui Moisture Curl Quench + Coconut Oil Curl Milk

Those are my staples.  I bounce around styling products.  Right now I’m trying the Maui Moisture Curl Smoothie, but I’m not sure if I like the results yet.  Otherwise I like the Tresemme Mousse."
yvonnerene,ey9gl3,mop top  and jessicurl are two of my favorites- 2b hair
