index,id,comments
DutchMies,j9jaft,You could also try to find hydrolized protein and add it to your conditioner of hairmask. I don’t live in the US so I hope google can help you further.
Lolo1989,j9jaft,Have you considered using a shampoo and conditioner with protein? NYM Curl Talk would be an option.
WearingCoats,j9jaft,"Bless you. My hair hates protein and totally freaks out. What drove me to protein overload was coconut-based products (it was in my shampoo and conditioner) as well as using DIY rice water and Shea Moisture coconut curl smoothie mask. 

I think the rice water actually snuck up on me. I used it weekly for a month and my hair felt great, then my hair got overloaded. You mentioned you tried it but I would give the rice water another shot and for a few weeks perhaps."
headskittydone,j9jaft,"I second the Shea Moisture Hydrate and Repair Coconut and Hibiscus line. I got the shampoo and my hair has been loving it. I held off because I was worried it would be to heavy for my fine 2a-c hair, but I found a sample bottle to try, and it has been great. I am planning on switching to the conditioner once I use up at least one of the 2 I currently have open. I use the Curls Blueberry Bliss leave in and really like that one, as well. I have also started doing a rice water (soaking my hair and then leaving it on for around 10 minutes) every time I clarify, which is every 2-3 weeks for me, since I get buildup quickly even with CGM products. I got the Shea Moisture Honey and Yogurt Hydrate + Repair Protein Power Treatment, I planned to use it once a week between rice water treatments. I have only used it once so far, but seemed more moisturizing and less protein treatment than I was hoping. I think I will still use it when my hair is fairly balanced, but I would not recommend it for you now while you are trying to swing your balance back."
hotnutonfire,j9jaft,"Struggling with getting enough protein in my hair&&&Tl;dr my hair loves protein and I need a new shampoo but would take any recommendations for hair that could swim away


Hi there! I’m a 2a, fine but dense strand wavy. I’m not sure of my porosity... I’m assuming high to medium. I am struggling to get enough protein in my hair. I go into moisture overload extremely quickly. I try to use lightweight products but either they are not light enough or have no protein. I’m trying to switch up everything in my day-to-day routine. I’m going to be using a few things I already have on hand: tresseme tres gel, NYM mousse, blueberry bliss control jelly. I also use ion repair reconstructor (I’m not strict CGM). 

Last night I made a gelatin protein treatment from swavy curly Courtney’s video. I don’t think it helped. Too much moisture. It was touted as a powerful treatment but I’m not sure it did anything besides deep conditioning. 

I’ve gotten all sorts of recs from beer to rice water to gelatin and honestly I’ve tried them all. Now I need something that actually WORKS! 

TIA&&&Yes I’m on the prowl for some shampoo. I was looking at some AG or maybe OGX. My ion repair reconstructor does has protein.&&&It’s certainly easy enough to try! Honestly I think I’m too lazy to spend the time doing special rinses every week. And I’m getting frustrated with it. I need the stuff to be in my product so I can be more wash and go&&&Maybe?? I know they were out last time I went. I’ll check out a different location tomorrow&&&Thanks! Swavy Courtney is a good resource! that’s where I got the recipe for my most recent protein mask.&&&Whew!!!! That’s a lot of protein! I’m glad to hear of someone else that needs a ton of it. I’ll have to check out Sally’s again!&&&And they aren’t too heavy for your hair??&&&I will do that, thanks!&&&Where did you find sample bottles? 

I went to target on Saturday hoping to find that power protein mask but it was sold out so I subbed in the mielle babassu mint protein mask.&&&The gasket keratin was too moisturizing for me. I actually ended up in moisture overload from that one :/. I’ll have to see where I can check out ecoslay locally."
jedi_mindtricks,j9jaft,"Protein helps your hair keep its curl! You can test for protein by taking a loose strand of hair and pulling on either end. If the hair stretches and stays that way, it’s probably high in moisture and low in protein. If the hair breaks before stretching, it’s high in protein and low in moisture. Healthy hair should stretch and then bounce back to the same length it was before. The wiki in r/curlyhair is a really good resource for a rundown on protein/moisture balance."
mregghead_,j9jaft,"This is probs a dumb question, but what does protein do for your hair and how can you tell if that’s what your hair needs? I’m just getting into caring for my wavy hair so I’m new to all this."
pikxe,j9jaft,"Shea Moisture Hydrate and Repair Line + Coconut and Hibiscus curl cream is my favorite right now. Made my 2a waves into 2b - 2c. I use the shampoo, deep conditioner (as my wash day conditioner), and their leave-in, then glaze, rope, and scrunch a small amount of the coconut and hibiscus. 
A game changer for me was pulsing and squish to condish with all of the products on wet hair."
sierracus,j9jaft,Sally’s Beauty sells this Neutral Protein Filler that you can mix in conditioner right before you use it! Or water right before and spray. Maybe that’s what you’re looking for?
thartson,j9jaft,"I am currently in the same search, BUT I might have a way to help you in your search. I was also watching a Swavy Courtney video and she said that if there is not protein within the first 5 ingredients, then it is nit a protein treatment. I would look up silk or keratin protein since they are light weight. I have allergies which has narrowed my search, but if I find anything, I will send it your way!"
thebuffwife,j9jaft,"Hello fellow protein loving hair person! I add neutral protein filler to my conditioner, I use NYM curl talk leave in condition or Blueberry Bliss leave in (both contain protein) and Aphogee Keratin 2-minute Reconstructor and Aphogee Keratin and Green Tea spray (both at Sally’s)."
zillarillazilla,j9jaft,"Hask Keratin Protein Deep Conditioner. I just tried it this week and my protein loving hair responded really well! Ulta has small packets you could try before getting a whole bottle. 

I see you have the Curls Blueberry control jelly. They have a protein deep conditioner mask that I’ve heard about but haven’t tried. 

Curl Junkie Repair Me gets recommended a lot, but it’s spendy. Someone recommended Ecoslay Matcha Boost as a more affordable option."
Beth7792,j9i25q,"Nighttime showering and the morning after&&&Hey! So im just starting out but have wavy thick hair (it gets greasy super easily), I've historically straightened it but wanted to try and actually embrace my waves. I shower at nighttime, I just dont have time in the mornings and it works better with my workout schedule to shower at night. I am struggling with how to manage my hair the day after I sleep on it! It'll look wavy and soft before bed and then by morning it feels like everything flattens or just becomes a few big waves and is all tangled and frizzy! Brushing makes it worse, but im feeling lost on how to keep the waves and stop the tangling and frizz! Any advice would be great! 

Im currently using Pacifica Pineapple Swirl Curl Defining Cream, aussie instant freeze gel, and totally twisted mousse. I dont have a diffuser so I've been plopping in a microfiber towel and then air drying it after. 

Thanks!"
Daisyfay1414,j9i25q,I second the sleep cap
GinnyDora,j9i25q,Probably bad advice. I’ve just joined this sub. But my wavy hair is best if I sleep in it damp from the night shower. I shower at night too and I swear if I go to bed with it damp I’m looking fabulous the next day. If I let it dry before hand it’s just flat with a few puffs here and there.
H011yG01ightly,j9i25q,Mine gets totally flat overnight. I finger comb upside down and then spritz with a water bottle in the morning.  Mostly the top layer but enough to re-energize my curls but not saturate. I clip the front and sides up for a half hour and then let down for air drying. I can go 3-4 days between washes doing this as long as I minimize product and make sure my roots are super clean on wash days (Sunday afternoon/Thursday morning).
MrsTruce,j9i25q,"For the people like me who get headaches from caps/bonnets, using a satin pillowcase will provide similar (though not identical) results... I'm still on the hunt for a silk cap that is tight enough to stay on but loose enough that it doesn't hurt my head :(&&&""Let it settle"" is a common mantra for people who sleep in pineapples. For me (my length barely touches my collar bone, so YMMV), my half-up pineapple looks absurd when I take it down in the morning. On days that I'm not washing it, I'll take it down, shake my head from side to side a couple of times (without actually touching it), then shower with it down, using a hand held sprayer to avoid getting it wet. Gravity helps the wonky bits to lay back down, and the steam wakes my curls back up. I do end up with a bit of halo frizz doing this, but I don't mind it. Even if you don't shower in the morning, it's still a good idea to let it settle back down for 15-20 minutes before you assess whether you need to refresh. You might save yourself some headaches if it falls back into place on its own. (edit - spelling)"
Veleda380,j9i25q,"I establish my curl pattern with leave in, Denman brush and then some curl cream- just a little. Plop for a few minutes then pineapple loosely. I lay a silk scarf down on my pillow.

Then in the morning I re-wet it and do my gel routine."
YellHound,j9i25q,The thing that’s made the biggest difference for me is sleeping in a satin or silk cap. My hair would be a frizzy puffy mess but now it looks just as good or better than it did when I went to bed.
ausheidi,j9i25q,"I second the next day. My curls flatten horribly if I even pin them up let alone pineapple and sleep, and look limp on wash day, but second day, especially if it got frizzy or I brushed it (I know I know), I mist and scrunch and get ringlets and curls to my scalp!! It’s so good idk why I keep trying CGM 🤣🤣🤣."
hungry_ghost34,j9i25q,"Have you tried wash now, style later?  I've been doing that lately and it's looking much better than when I was styling at night and refreshing in the morning.

In the morning I get it not quite soaked, but just wet enough to *almost* be dripping, scrunch in my gel, and pixie diffuse."
loosememes,j9i25q,"I have this problem with the pineapple method where the back of my head would get stuck on that position so when I put my hair down, there’s this weird bump. Idk if anyone has any advice for this :("
miss_speck,j9i25q,"I get a bit frizzier, but I just sleep in my plop and wake up with damp hair that I just leave to air dry"
Mgroenink,j99fn8,"Haircut tips??&&&&&&I’ve actually been contemplating a shag! Just wondering if it’s possible to do a shag without doing bangs... every time I’ve gotten bangs so far it’s been a disaster 🤣&&&Sorry for the terrible picture... but I’m getting my hair cut tomorrow and I’m looking for tips on what to ask for cut wise. My hair is fine, 2a-c depending on how I style it. I tend to struggle with getting volume or shape. I live in a rural area where nobody really knows how to cut curly/wavy hair very well, so I need to be really specific.

Routine: 

Wash with suave clarifying
Condition with Manuka honey protein mask, leaving in for a few minutes
Rinse upside down
Apply suave coconut leave in while hair is wet and scrunch
Apply NYM curl talk defining cream, tresemme curl mousse and Aussie instant freeze gel and scrunch
Plop 20 minutes
Diffuse
SOTC

In the pic I didn’t have enough gel and the waves fell a bit&&&Aww thanks! The cut actually turned out fantastic, I posted that too! Absolutely love it 😊"
PhoenixFire17,j99fn8,"Got my haircut today and used this photo to show the stylist what I want! You have exactly the same texture and wave pattern as me by the looks of it, it really helped me describe what I wanted. Your hair looks great and I'm sure it looks really good however you had it cut :)"
bakama,j99fn8,"You could try a shag? Basically any cut with a lot of layers can help with volume! You could ask your hair dresser for a lot of layers, but in my experience, they tend to not give you as many layers as you want (hence I mentioned a shag, since it's alot of layers, that can get really short)."
opaul11,j99fn8,Shave your head!!! or dye it blue I think blue would look nice 👍🏻 lol or a shag. I think the lob length is a good look. I found my last hair style on Instagram so maybe lol for inspiration there?
Dismal1Dave,j8y3op,"Bring My Waves Back&&&Hello everyone!

I’m fresh out of the shower, and I’ve recently come to notice (I don’t know why I haven’t the years before) that my hair is wavy and twirls when it’s wet, but after I get out of the shower and towel-dry it, it becomes flat and straight! I recently went to the hair salon to cut layers, hopefully having it less weighed down, but the problem still persists. I’ve never been one to look into hair styling options, and I’ve always either air-dried or towel-dried my hair. I hate using heating tools because I don’t want my hair to lose the little wave it has left. My ultimate question is how do I get my waves back that I had many years ago?

Products I use:
TRESemmé Touchable Softness shampoo and conditioner
Recently, I’ve been using Marc Anthony Strictly Curls but it hasn’t been doing what I had hoped, my hair is still very flat

My hair:
I have thick, virgin hair that I coconut oil treat once every few months
It absorbs water fairly quickly, and I’d say that my scalp is oily.


I appreciate you for reading this, and I hope you have a wonderful evening/morning (depending on your location) all help is greatly appreciated ♡&&&also, you have lovely skin !!&&&oh my goodness, the difference is incredible, thank you for adding the picture !! 
i just used mousse tonight, but it seems like my biggest saving grace is going to be diffusing my hair which frightens me to be honest. however, i’m starting to think i should invest in some heat protectant haha"
Wavyhaircare,j8y3op,"My hair is similar in that it waves/curls up when wet but dries flat if I just air dry without products. I basically look at it as, my hair needs a lot of help to avoid being weighed down by water as my hair air dries, and it needs help supporting itself. I 'plop' my hair as soon as I get out of the shower (before even getting dressed) so keep it from falling flat when the water starts dripping out of my hair. After about 10 minutes of plopping. I add mousse, and then quickly start to diffuse. If I don't move to diffusing fast enough, my waves will start to straighten out a lot. If that happens, I 'microplop' with the t-shirt to help my waves spring back up. The difference for me between no products and just air drying vs plopping, using mousse, microplopping & diffusing is really significant. Here are pics showing the difference it makes for me. [https://imgur.com/a/ZoV28R6](https://imgur.com/a/ZoV28R6)"
FrizzychunkCAT,j8tiw1,Being a mod is a lot of hard work! Thank you for all you’ve been doing. I love this sub. I hope it gets more active and stays just as positive.
WeAreStarless,j8tiw1,"Happy sixth cake day, r/Wavyhair! A look into the moderator process&&&Hi everyone,

Happy sixth cake day to r/Wavyhair! I know I've only been a mod for this sub for about three months now, but I got a notification that its creation day (October 10th or 11th, depending on which timezone you're in) was coming up, and I thought it'd be nice to celebrate it. We're currently at 14.3k members and you all are such an active, engaging, kind and supportive community. I really love it! 

I'm also a lot more hands-on than the previous mod was, with the most recent endeavours being [building the Wavy Favourites List](https://www.reddit.com/r/Wavyhair/comments/j8ti32/building_the_wavy_favourites_list_styling_creams/) and [discussing how relevant the difference between 2a, 2b and 2c is](https://www.reddit.com/r/Wavyhair/comments/j52sp6/what_are_your_opinions_about_curl_typing_within/), and I thought this would be a good opportunity to provide a little bit more transparancy about what the moderator process is like for me. I know I often call on you to report any rule-breaking behaviour to me, so I wanted to show the entire process a post / comment goes through when it gets reported. Here we go!

&#x200B;

For the sake of this demonstration, I thought I'd report my own comment (referencing the phrase ""big chop""). I also could've reported someone else's comment, though; the OP does not receive a notification that their post/comment has been reported. I'm approaching my own comment from an alt account here, to show how it would look like if you reported something.

https://preview.redd.it/np2pxe15dcs51.png?width=854&format=png&auto=webp&s=76f4e12cc848d0bcd8621fd7e0e09de36c2b5c18

You just click ""report"" under the post or comment in question. I'm sorry if this step seems incredibly obvious, but before I was a mod, I never used that button. I didn't quite know what it did, and the word ""report"" seemed intense, and I was worried that it would go to the Reddit admins or something like that. But no, it's just a method of bringing something to the mods' attention. If you click it, this screen comes up.

https://preview.redd.it/vfh2ruy5dcs51.png?width=778&format=png&auto=webp&s=2176e894e937ede26ec1fd2cdf405f83d9173226

And you can select a few different reasons for why you want to report a comment. The current r/wavyhair rules are ""routine is missing"", ""gatekeeping"", ""self promotion"", ""inappropriate / creepy comment"" and ""reddiquette"", but you can also write your own custom response if none of the options presented to you fit the situation. Once you click submit, nothing happens to the comment itself, and the report ends up in the modqueue.

https://preview.redd.it/gbpikmp6dcs51.png?width=1899&format=png&auto=webp&s=522cfe66ba33324fc846f6ece67183c19b067549

This is what the modqueue looks like. As you can see, it shows the report message, but it does not show from which account the report was made: the process of reporting a post / comment is completely anonymous. I have a few options of what I want to do with this comment. I can approve it, I can remove/spam it, and I can lock it. If I lock it, that prevents new replies from being made to that post / comment, which is useful if a conversation is getting off-topic and I want to prevent it from getting out of hand.

https://preview.redd.it/zejyhyf7dcs51.png?width=854&format=png&auto=webp&s=84d4516ad07a1b41fa84a7df79462542d50e501c

If I approve a post / comment, the report message collapses, and it gets a little green checkmark in the corner. This checkmark is only visible to the mods; to anyone else, nothing has changed. If you have reported a post / comment, and absolutely nothing has happened, it's because it has not been deemed bad enough to remove, and has been approved instead. You will not get notified of this.

https://preview.redd.it/hmjbcf58dcs51.png?width=854&format=png&auto=webp&s=66db82e356c984b90c8a625fb5e00df4c895cc1c

If I do consider it bad enough, I remove it instead. (If I click ""spam"" instead of ""remove"", the exact same thing happens, but I think it gets sent to Reddit so its automatic spam filters can learn from it. Or at least, that's my theory.) The view above is what it looks like to the moderators, so that we can still see what the user said. To everyone else, the comment will look like the view below. 

https://preview.redd.it/l035ezz8dcs51.png?width=854&format=png&auto=webp&s=e7f78c3a075b4142d45eca1926099320cd7615a8

If I click the red ""add a removal reason"", this screen will come up for me. 

https://preview.redd.it/lonhe3n9dcs51.png?width=672&format=png&auto=webp&s=ddf28757743190ce16ec31185f958e447df5fa6a

It allows me to choose from a bunch of removal reasons, which roughly aline with the rules but maybe have a couple of different variations. Each removal reason has a message that goes with it that I wrote when I put together these removal reasons. It makes removing comments and telling people why a really streamlined and automatic process; I don't have to type out a message every single time explaining why the post has been removed. If the circumstances don't quite fit the pre-written message, I can alter it on the spot. Once I hit submit, it will automatically transform into and post this comment.

https://preview.redd.it/jgnwkefadcs51.png?width=854&format=png&auto=webp&s=04dea819179ecb80abd3dc77226656f0bbba4f32

Just as when I approve a comment, if you were the one that reported the comment, you won't get notified if it gets removed either. So if you're invested in what happens when you report a post / comment, keep an eye on it to see what happens to it. The OP of the comment does not receive a notification that their comment got removed, but they do get a notification of my removal reason (since that works the same way as a regular reply in a comment thread). 

&#x200B;

And then this is the end of the process! It's not much, but I thought it may be useful for people to have a look behind the scenes. I would have reported a lot more things before I was a mod if I knew it worked like this. So don't worry about reporting something; even if you can't quite put your finger on why a post / comment feels off, it's good to let me know anyway. Also, nothing that gets removed is ever permanently deleted, and the post / comment can get reapproved if the circumstances change. 

If you have any questions about this, or maybe would like me to make more posts like this about other aspects of being a moderator, please let me know! I would love for everything to be as transparent as possible. Thank you so much for all of your feedback the past few months!&&&Thank you so much! ❤️&&&Thank you so much! ❤️"
fatty_bird,j8tiw1,"Wow, thank you for this post!!! This was really informative and interesting! I really appreciate all of the transparency and the posts you’ve made to get the whole community involved in improving things. This is one of my favorite subs for those reasons! Keep up the awesome work!"
SisterAndromeda2007,j8t3xy,Is your hair really slick in the shower?
StrictPhotograph1,j8t3xy,What is hair supposed to feel like?
nemtudod,j8t3xy,"First hair victory after months of trying. Anyone else with thin, fair, flyaway hair here that doesn’t stay wavy long?&&&&&&Routine:
Aveeno Rosewater and camomile shampoo and conditioner

Aunt jackie’s quench leave in conditioner

Aunt jackie’s curl boss gel

Biosilk rock hard gel (mixed in)

Wash, condition and scrunch upside down

Airdry&&&Slick means slippery?"
BartsofCats,j8sdi5,This gives me so much inspiration!! I usually just brush out my hair on day two cause it looks so lifeless and put it in a ponytail. I’ll have to try out re-dampening it to see how it works
spaceage-crystal,j8sdi5,"Finally had a pretty successful refresh!&&&&&&Wash day routine yesterday:
- washed with NYM curl talk shampoo 
- deep conditioned with Cantu grape seed strengthening treatment masque 
- sprayed soaking wet hair with Aussie total miracle detangling spray and then brushed through hair with a wet brush and scrunched out some of the excess water 
- applied NYM curl talk defining cream and then the gel from the same line by glazing both of the products over my hair and then scrunching them in
- wet plopped for about 15 minutes (this was my first time trying this and I’m not really sure how much it helped?) then dry plopped for about 5ish minutes
- added just a little more gel to hair at this point and a bit of the John Frieda frizz ease daily styling spray and scrunched a little more 
- then diffused hair till about 85% dry and let it air dry the rest of the way. SOTC after my hair was fully dry with a little bit of Agave oil rubbed on my hands to help with frizz


Refresh routine today:
- gently combed out tangles using a super wide tooth comb
- tried spraying my hair with a spray bottle to get it damp but it was looking super frizzy and stringy so I split it into sections and wet each section a bit under the sink faucet 
- after my hair was pretty wet again I started scrunching to help bring back some of my wave/curl clumps and then added a little bit of the same NYM curl talk gel I used yesterday and scrunched that in as well
- micro plopped with a tshirt and then diffused for about 5-10 minutes (hair was about 90-95% dry at this point) 
- hair was starting to look really frizzy again at this point so I decided to spray a bit of John Frieda frizz ease daily styling spray on my hair again and a bit on my hands then smoothed that over everything and scrunched yet again (frizz really went down after doing this)
- then I just let the last bit of dampness in my hair dry out before I SOTC again with the Agave oil (didn’t have much of a crunch today though)&&&I started doing CGM for about a year and a half ago but really wasn’t getting the results I wanted (especially considering how much work I was putting in) so now I’m trying to figure out what products and methods work best for my hair regardless of how closely I follow CGM. The past couple months I have seen some actual progress and improvements in the health of my hair though so that’s super encouraging!

I have an issue with my hair getting weighed down and starting to fall flat about halfway through the drying process (adding the extra gel after plopping this time seemed to help this problem and next time I think I’m going to try damp styling and see how that goes) My hair also tends to be super super dry and frizzy and tangly so brushing/combing my hair daily is a must for me otherwise I get birds nest style tangles throughout my hair

Please let me know if you have any tips on how I can better care for and style my natural hair!"
zillarillazilla,j8sdi5,Try the NYM Curl Talk Mousse. Someone recommended it to me and I’m loving it.
fatty_bird,j8oici,"I used to have this happen from styling only upside down because the clumps that form wouldn’t lay right when I come upright! You could try styling upright instead, or what I do is turn my head side to side and basically right-side up when I’m getting clumps to form so that my hair doesn’t stick to my scalp anywhere. Then I apply styling products upside down and side to side. This has helped me a lot! You can also look up Swavy Curly Courtney on Youtube, she does basically what I’m describing"
irishfinnegan,j8oici,"SOTC disaster- help!&&&&&&Thank you! I get bigger clumps when I style like wavy Ali but sticks less to the back of my head when I do it the way Courtney does. 🤷🏼‍♀️ so challenging!&&&Ah so frustrated!
Today I thought I was going to have a fantastic result- my hair clumped up so well on its own and after diffusing was in pretty ringlets. Then when I went right side up, the entire top layer clumps broke into a frizzy mess. Any help is super appreciated! I cannot seem to get a cast, which could be it, or do I need to use hairspray before going right side up and SOTC? Maybe I need to use prayer hands to distribute mousse and gel better, but I don’t want to stretch out the clumps?

Routine (upside down):
Living proof perfect hair day shampoo
Living proof perfect hair day conditioner - STC
Denman brush to distribute conditioner 
Curls blueberry bliss leave in, STC
Herbal essences mousse- glaze, scrunch
Some Aussie instant freeze gel to still wet hair- glaze, scrunch 
Microplop with t shirt 
Other half of gel- glaze and scrunch
Hammock diffuse 
SOTC and ruin everything

Hair type: low porosity, thick but fine"
ArisHC,j8n1jy,"Does my hair look very damaged? I badly need a trim, I cant even remember my last trim, but how bad is it? (Second day hair/windy/rainy day)&&&&&&Long story short, I have been neglecting my hair for some time. Started rushing or flat out skipping detangling, wearing it up literally all the time, and not even thinking about a trim for ages. I want it to get better, but was wondering how much damage was done."
BaAZiGArO,j8n1jy,yes i would cut off a few inches
5hitshow,j8lwog,"DIY 2B wavy haircut with layers - which technique?&&&After growing out an unfortunate couple of tries (read 'Mullets') from the ""unicorn"" and ""double unicorn"" methods, I'm mentally preparing to even out my 2B layers and bring them back to the same length they were ""in the time before"" (just above shoulder length.)

I've been watching videos from Manes by Mell, The Salon Guy, etc., and I'm having trouble deciding what the difference is in outcomes between two methods of creating layers. For those with successful experience, do you recommend (1) pulling up sections to vertically align with a ""guide"" at the top of my head, OR, (2) directing the hair 'out' from the head like a rainbow and cutting the layers to align with the contour of my head? I'm leaning towards option 1, because it seems more idiot-proof (and I need all the help I can get.)"
unboleteable,j8lwog,"Hi! I have mostly 2b hair and I've been using [this](https://youtu.be/-RTu3yGWv_Q) diy technique (SKIPPING the thinning part!) for years now! 

I've tried both the unicorn technique and cutting curls individually, but neither of those worked well for me. With the unicorn, I find it hard to cut through ALL of my hair at once while keeping it even. Plus it's kind of scary because you can't really tell what's going on as you cut it haha. I love watching Manes by Mell, so I was excited to try it again when she came out with her unicorn video, but it still didn't work for me. (And even though I love her videos, a lot of her curly techniques even on her sister don't work for my wavy hair).

The girl in the video I linked has straight hair, but this technique still seems to work really well for me (again, just WITHOUT the thinning shears part - don't ever use these if your hair isn't straight!! I made that mistake once, never again!)

Here's what I personally like to do. I'll brush my hair (dry) before cutting it, which I normally don't like to do, but since my waves are fairly loose it's usually OK for me to do this especially by day 3 or 4. If it's too frizzy after brushing, I might quickly brush it in front of a hair dryer to tame it. I usually skip the gel/mousse from my wash routine if I'm planning to cut my hair too.

I tried using a guide thing, but maybe I'm just too clumsy because I kept ""losing"" it haha, but I'd suggest trying it out first if you want to be on the safe side! Although I think for us wavies, our hair is more forgiving in that you can't tell if the cutting isn't EXACTLY ""perfect,"" so this has been OK for me personally.

Also, if you do try this and want to be on the safe side, I'd suggest holding your sections of hair out more horizontally, rather than vertically, at first. The more vertically you hold it, the more drastic/longer your layers will be. After assessing cutting your hair this way, if you want more drastic layers, you can always go back and hold it more vertically to cut it again later. 

After cutting all of my hair in sections, I'll compare both sides to see if they're even. If they're not then I'll kind of try to trim that particular section to make it even. Then I'll see how it looks from the back and do the same. 

Finally, after my next wash day, I like to touch up the ends again. I'll usually do this by examining the ends of my curl clumps (dry) and trimming ones that seem scraggly / have weird pieces of longer hair sticking out of each clump. 

Good luck!"
BaAZiGArO,j8hju6,heavy oils / butters
FloraFit,j8hju6,"For me it’s oils, whether from products or my own head."
bettyboo-,j8hju6,"this sounds exactly like me and the only thing i can attribute it to is the actual weight of my hair. it's very thick and i'd consider it 2a, but in sections where it's less weighty (like my grown out fringe/baby hairs, or the wispy bits around the nape of my neck) it heads into type 3 territory without any effort. i'm thinking of getting a modern shag when the hairdressers open again, it's meant to be good for managing thick hair and i think will help some of the straighter sections bounce up a bit."
ifeellikeabook,j8hju6,"What “weighs down” wavy hair?&&&I’m really confused about my hair, as the individual hair strands are some wavy/straight and a few ring shapes. In very small amounts such as my baby hair, if I wet them and pull on them, they become little ringlets. 

Why doesn’t this happen for all my hair, which is more 1c/2a? Is the weight of my hair clump weighing itself down? How can I optimize my hair texture?

What weighs down hair in general?"
meeshadamus_,j8hju6,Long layers or layers that frame your face!
jackiebeeeee,j89d5t,"1.5 months in!&&&&&&Here’s my routine: 

Clarify with Suave Daily Clarifying shampoo every 2.5 weeks then deep conditioning with Jessicurl deep conditioning treatment for 30 min.

Today’s wash day, I did a co-wash with 50/50 mixture of As I Am coconut co-wash (more on the ends) and Beauty & Planet volume and bounty conditioner (more on the roots). De-tangled with a wide-toothed comb in the shower then a final soak. Squish to condish on sopping wet hair with Curl Talk defining cream then S2C 50/50 mixture of Cantu twist & lock gel and Biosilk rock hard gelee. Plopped for 10 minutes, hammock diffused with spot pixie diffusing, then double application method scrunching in more of the Biosilk gelee and another hammock diffuse with spot pixie diffusing. 

Really happy with today’s routine. It was my first time hammock diffusing (thanks for the tip, reddit!) and it was SO much faster than pixie diffusing on medium heat and low air. Post-shower to out the door with crunchy curls was 35 minutes, including plop time. 

The biggest ah-ha moment so far in this process was figuring out that I can’t use gels with ANY humectants. I live in a very dry climate, and even if my hair started out looking fine in the morning, when there was more moisture in the air, it would be a frizzy mess by noon on wash day and terrible on Day 2. Using gel products with no aloe, sorbitol, or glycerin has been a game changer."
