index,id,comments
Living-Conflict6188,ijodzp,"My journey so far.&&&&&&Wash day routine: I have a ton of different shampoos so I won’t list them all, I detangle with conditioner. I’ll leave the conditioner in for 3-4 minutes, or about 45 minutes if it’s a deep conditioner. Once rinsed, I flip my head over and use my fingers to comb my hair off my scalp, but I don’t drag my fingers through my hair because that makes it stringy. I spray in Redken one United (or Bedhead leave in conditioner if my hair is super dry). Then I use prayer hands for putting in Not Your Mother’s curl talk mousse. I then scrunch in Not Your Mother’s curl defining cream and Curls créme brule whipped curl cream. I then plop with a microfiber towel for 10-15 minutes. I take my hair down, if my hair is still pretty wet I’ll scrunch it with the towel, then I graze with a tiny bit of Not Your Mother’s curl gel and scrunch in the rest. I’ll either air dry or diffuse depending on the time I have.&&&Thank you!"
gokartkate,ijodzp,These progress pics make me hopeful that my hair will keep looking better and better-  gorgeous waves!!
tinyyawns,ijodzp,You put mousse in before curl defining cream? Maybe that’s something I need to try! I’ve been doing the opposite and my hair is wavy but super frizzy. Your progress looks great!
Old-Neighborhood-792,ijlj8h,Wavy hair routine&&&I shampoo and conditioner with live hydrating. Swish to condition for big seaweed waves and leave a little bit in. Plop hair for 10 mins with microfiber towel. Take hair down and flip head upside down. Scrunch in not your mother's kinky moves define cream rewet with spray bottle and scrunch some more. Either I apply a mousse or gel to hold. Still trying to find the right product. Hold head straight up and part hair. Rewet scrunch some more and let air dry. Is this too much products for fine hair?  I'll take all suggestions or recommendations.
BebeCrow777,iji8dc,"For me, a wash day (approx 2x a week) would be with a low-poo shampoo and conditioner. Other days I refresh (still figuring that process out haha). I don’t do any cowashing (maybe will experiment with that in the future). Every few weeks I’ll do a clarifying wash instead of using low-poo. I’m super new at this method so just testing things out too, but I think ultimately wavy haired people can bend the rules a bit :)"
MakidiansQueen,iji8dc,"Weekly/Monthly Routines&&&Newbie here... If the title didn't say it all. I'm trying to figure all this out to better accept and love my natural waves. So this washing thing though, CGM says to wash every few days, but is that a shampoo/condition wash or a cowash? Or are ""wash days"" just whatever you decide work better for you? I did clarifying shampoo, then deep condition and protein treatment on Friday. I styled it with some curly and coily curl activator cream, then some herbal essences spray gel then SOTC. Then Saturday and today (Sunday) I revive my waves with some water, Cantu curl activator cream, Aussie gel, and scrunching. Now back to my dilemma, when I do another wash (probably tomorrow or Tuesday) am I supposed to do a cowash or a shampoo/conditioner wash? Or do I only use the shampoo if/when I get product build up? I don't know why I'm so confused about this washing thing but I am. I think I spent too much time watching videos about wash day routines and now I don't know what everyone does all the other days of the week. Thank you.&&&Thank yo so much! That makes sense to me. I don't know why I find shampooing so dang confusing."
pilfernoodles,ijhqic,"no need to go out and buy a treatment—you could make yourself a rice water rinse, do a beer rinse if you’ve got a bottle lying around, or a simple gelatin treatment (yes... unflavored jell-o can be a hair treatment). 

look up videos of how to use the bowl method for the rice water rinse or beer rinse; the gelatin treatment is a little more involved and can be a bit messier."
thebuffwife,ijhqic,"Protein Treatments&&&So I’m getting my hair bleached/colored Tuesday 9/1. For some info.

Pre CGM I was alternating my weekly wash with Matrix Keep Me Vivid and Olaplex 4/5. Thanks to CGM I’m now looking at ingredients, and I realized that since I bleached my hair, I haven’t incorporated a lick of protein into my routine. But both of those had silicones, which I think covered up any issues I was having.

The first day I did “no silicones” even my dry hair felt gummy. A wet strand stretch test was stretch-stretch-stretch-breakage with tons of whip back frizz mess. So over moisturized it is. (I also notice this when I detangle my wet hair.)

I wanted to do the aphogee 2 step protein treatment, but they recommend doing it 24-36 hours prior to coloring and I just don’t have the time to do it prior to my appointment thanks to living in the boonies and my job schedule. 

Would getting their 2 minute keratin reconstructor and their keratin tea tree leave in do me just as good? How often should I use the 2 minute process? Weekly until I feel balance? My new shampoo/condition from Shea Moisture has protein in it and my Curl Talk line styling products also have protein. I don’t want to go into protein overload, but it’s been 7 months without protein for my poor hair. 😭&&&A little update in case anyone is looking for information:

8/31
Did the 2-minute Aphogee Reconstructor today and left it on for 5 minutes. Did not do a deep condition after. Immediate different in my curl clumps while scrunching in my leave in and curl cream.

I also added neutral protein filler to my spray bottle. About 15ish drops. Sprayed in after my quick plop to get upstairs and used a wet brush to brush it all through. 

I still have a lot of stretchiness in my hair strands, but my clumps and curl pattern are already tons better. I’ll be using the Aphogee treatment weekly, making sure all my products have protein in them and using my spray water with NPF in it. My hair just sucked it aaaaall up. She was dying for protein. 

I probably could have seriously benefitted from the 2 step protein treatment, but I wasn’t comfortable going that nuclear yet. 

I am happy I went to Sally’s to get the Aphogee because I found a refresher spray by Texture ID that has protein in it! The foam one from NYM severely dried out my hair due to one ingredient that doesn’t play well with high porosity hair. 

I’ll continue to update this thread through my process to balance.&&&I did the rice water rinse, but when I googled, I was told it’s not a protein treatment? It helped a little bit. But anything else I would need to buy lol. We don’t have any beer or gelatin lol"
Sevendevils777,ijcigp,"Looks amazing!! To make it even more beautiful, I’d suggest trying to apply the gel after diffusing. I have pretty similar hair to you/routine currently and just wanted to share, someone told me to do the gel after I diffuse and it’s almost done. You don’t have to and your hair looks awesome as is, just thought I’d share something that helped me :)"
SkipBoat,ijcigp,so defined with 0 frizz 😳
kirjavakissa,ijcigp,Today is exceptionally great hairday. Had to share&&&&&&I washed my hair with hairlust repair shampoo (only applied to the root's) the lot of conditioner from same brand. I let the conditioner sit while I did rest of my shower routines and shaved (10min?). After that I rinsed the hair and combed it. Add more conditioner while crunching then I used praying hands to to crunch and then I crunched the hair like dryer before adding the gel. I used osis rock hard extra strong styling gel. Them I diffused it dry.&&&Thank you.
11am11,ijblri,Bantu knots work pretty well.
WeAreStarless,ijblri,have you tried a pineapple bun like [this](https://www.instagram.com/p/B_0WdRZJt4q/)?
hippocrates18,ijblri,I would try one or two braids honestly
rachelleeann17,ijblri,"Preserving curls at night after wash day on long hair?&&&Hi, all

I am having trouble protecting my hair at night. I go through all that work of wash day to get semi-decent curls/waves, only to wake up to a frizzy, knotted mess. I have a silk pillowcase, but I cannot do all these methods like the pineapple or the Buff scarf because my hair is very long (reaches my hips). I know I need a trim, which will help with the tangles, but have any of y’all had success in protecting your waves/curls overnight when you’ve got hella long hair? 

Routine, since it’s required: wash with Prose custom shampoo and condition; de tangle with a WetBrush then squish to condition. Rinse. Apply OGX Moroccan Curl Creme by scrunching into hair, apply True Curl Defining Hair Gel by scrunching, plop for 20-30 min, apply another later of gel, then air dry.&&&I have— idk if I’m doing it wrong, but it will never stay put. I’ll use a brand new scrunchy/invisibobble/whatever and it feels like it’s not tight enough to keep the hair in place"
tquinn04,ijblri,I keep my hair in a loose ballerina bun on top of my hair overnight with a satin scrunchie . I’ve tried both Pineapple and a bonnet with terrible results. They both just mangle my hair and pull out any definition I have. My hair is only medium length too.
serendipitousbluejay,ij7f1u,"diffusing is still aggravating, but i think i’m getting better at it!!&&&&&&routine! 

1.) use dandruff shampoo
2.) not your mothers curl talk 3 n 1 conditioner, brush it through hair while wet with detangling brush (i use a wet brush)
3.) do the scrunch the conditioner out method 
4.) while in shower, rake curl foam and scrunch eco argan oil gel in soaking wet hair
5.) scrunch wet hair with t shirt, then put in hair towe (microfiber ofc)
6.) after like an hour or two, diffuse on low speed, warm or hot. 

the biggest help was the scrunch the conditioner out method!! my hair is super fine, but high density so i’ve always struggled with keeping the waves, while detangling. if i detangle and brush it after showering, it goes flat. if i skip the brushing and just scrunch, BOOM instant tangles. my hair tangles if you look at it wrong. detangling before scrunching the conditioner out, then scrunching with gel is such an improve my!!"
CactusWithAbs,ij21l6,"Dandruff, full time job, and CGM&&&Hi all, I’m new to this sub because I have recently discovered the Curly Girl Method (and some bloggers who have modified it for wavy hair). I know I have wavy hair, though I don’t know the exact type. I haven’t officially started CGM yet because I work a full time job so a long morning styling routine doesn’t work for me right now. My routine is just sulfate free shampoo, Not Your Mother’s Curl Talk conditioner, comb out, and let air dry. 

I also struggle with oil and dandruff. I’ve been using a sulfate free tea tree shampoo daily, because this helps. I did use a Chagrin Valley shampoo bar for several months, but I felt like my hair was flat at the root so I went back to shampoo and conditioner. 

My question is what others with dandruff issues and wavy hair do for CGM, since you only clarify once per month or so, right? Sorry if that’s wrong, I’m really new to this! I’m also looking for tips to make CGM more manageable for busy people like me. Everything I have read so far makes it sound kind of complex. Any advice or experience is helpful. Thanks!"
PANTSorGTFO,ij21l6,"I clarify every two weeks at least, sometimes more often, usually bc of scalp issues. I use a coal tar shampoo with sulfates for scalp psoriasis, and  jessicurl deep conditioner after.
Do what works for you."
huffsterr,ij0wj9,"Two wash days worth of a new routine... didn’t see much of a difference until I put these pictures side by side.&&&&&&Both of these pictures were taken pre-wash on wash day, so not perfect by any means but still so fascinating to me.

I currently wash and condition with Live Clean shampoo and conditioner and detangling with a wide-toothed comb with conditioner still in. I follow this with scrunching gel into wet hair and then plopping for an hour or so and then air drying and SOTC. I sleep with my hair in a bun in one of those telephone cord-style scrunchies. I find that I lose so much volume and definition if I don't do this, so any tips are welcome. I refresh simply by spritzing a bit of water to reactivate the gel and tone down a bit of the frizz and re-scrunching gently.

I'd like to experiment with protein and moisture balance soon.. I think based on descriptions I've read I likely have high-porosity hair which makes me want to try a protein treatment first. I was planning on a DIY rice rinse, but if anyone has product suggestions for protein masks/rinses etc. in Canada, I'm all ears."
Leora453,ij0iym,Whoa! Amazing changes. This gives me hope! Looks great thanks for sharing!!!
MakidiansQueen,ij0iym,It definitely is great progress. I just started with CGM and I've already managed to get discouraged a little. This gives me a little of hope to keep trying! Thank you.
velvet_cozy,ij0iym,"Texture after approx three weeks- I still have a ways to go but I’m excited about my progress so far&&&&&&Wash and condition with Shea moisture fruit infused coconut water line
Shampoo: SM fruit/coconut weightless shampoo, while washing my scalp I use a rubber scalp massager, I find it helps me get a deeper clean and get rid of any leftover shampoo
Conditioner: SM fruit/coconut weightless cream rinse, apply to mid lengths/ends, comb thru to ease tangles, go about showering, might apply a little extra to the ends during S2C if too much rinsed out during shaving/soap (I have a tiny shower so water is p much always hitting my hair so I have to adjust for that)
Anyway S2C then out of the shower I scrunch with a t shirt, apply Cantu curl activator cream with prayer hands/scrunching combo, and do the same technique with the Jessicurl spiralicious styling gel
Plop for approx 20-30 min, then two in a loose pineapple overnight
(In the process of a move and haven’t had a chance to get a leave-in/make modifications)"
Mgroenink,iizbyv,"I feel like in a lot of ways technique matters just as much, if not more, than product for me. I’d check out some videos and try some different techniques and see how you hair responds before investing in too many products. I’ve gone through a bunch of different products thinking they didn’t work when in reality it was more my technique that was the issue. Some things to check out-squish to condish, plopping, different diffusing methods, glazing, praying hands. Just try different things and have fun with it! It takes a while to figure out your particular hair and for it to recover from previous stuff, so just be patient and learn to laugh at the things that don’t work! It’s a journey. 😊"
Shishkebob_,iizbyv,"I’m a Newbie Lost in the Wavy Hair World... Help 😖&&&So I just officially started my wavy hair journey like three weeks ago and I just need some advice on how to approach my routine. As of right now, I use Function of Beauty for conditioner and shampoo, and I just got Bounce Curl’s Light Hold Creme Gel, and that’s literally all I have in my inventory right now. I’ve been trying to figure out what I need for my super long (and already weighed down), fine, (possibly) 2B, low porosity, and medium density hair. I’ve heard stuff about leave ins, mousses, creams, and gels and I just don’t totally understand the purposes of them, much less which ones I need and when I need to use them. Help?&&&Thanks a lot for the advice- this was actually super helpful!&&&I got my function of beauty stuff as a gift actually, so I’m not totally sure. It could be possible that it isn’t silicone free though&&&Thanks for the advice! I actually don’t know much about techniques other than how to do them so I’ll definitely probably look that up soon"
Wavyhaircare,iizbyv,"In my mind, leave-in conditioners and creams are basically the same. They're designed to help keep your hair moisturized between washes. If your hair is easily weighed down, leave-ins and creams can be tricky to find what works for you without weighing you down. So I'd advise to look for ones that you see recommended for easily weighed down hair and/or low porosity hair, and probably use very little. 

I also group gel and mousse together, in my mind. Because they have the same purpose, too. They are designed to give 'hold' and definition to your hair, to keep your waves/curls in groups/chunks that have the same pattern, instead of separating into hundreds of individual hairs. Mousses are generally known for being lighter, but some struggle to get enough hold from them. La looks is CGM approved and like $2 and provides really hard hold so I think it's a good gel to start with if you want to try gel just because at worst you'll be out $2. It'snot generally known as a 'heavy' gel, but I have seen a couple of posts where people said they felt it weighed them down. Herbal essances makes a 'totally twisted' mousse that's quite cheap too, like $3 I think? So that's a cheap one to try to kinda get a feel for gel vs mousse, maybe? 

Diffusing instead of air drying can be really helpful if weigh down is a concern of yours. I feel like my hair holds onto water like crazy, and so just the water itself weighs my texture down if I air dry."
huffsterr,iizbyv,"Do you have the silicone free formula of Function of Beauty? I didn’t realize that their stuff is automatically sulfate free, but you have to request silicone free. I wonder if that’s part of the reason I just never felt like my hair felt great. I stopped using mine for that reason and I’ve noticed a big difference in how my hair behaves."
True_Commuter,iixos8,"The extract below is from an article.  

To prevent helmet hair, make sure your hair is moisturized and clean, and avoid wearing helmets on wet hair. The helmet choice can also impact your hair’s health, especially if it is too tight. Styling products, braids, and head socks can be working solutions for short rides."
amyinegypt,iixos8,"There's definitely no easy answer. I am prone to getting my hands wet in the sink at work and kinda fluffing and patting and scrunching. You could try to do that post-braid, as a very low-key refresh. Another thing you could try is to take sections around the hairline and twist them back and pin them, that might keep the wave in better."
avo419,iixos8,"Keeping hair nice on bike commutes&&&I'm looking for advice for what to do with my hair when I bike to work. I use a bike as my main mode of transportation and because I ride in pretty high traffic areas, it's really important for me to wear a helmet. I have 2A /B, shoulder length hair that quickly takes on the shape of whatever I do to it, so I'm extremely prone to helmet hair. 

So far, the best solution I've found is to put it in one or two french braids before putting on my helmet. The biggest issue with this is it tends to flatten out my natural texture/make my hair kinda fluffy when I shake out the braids. I'd prefer to keep any refreshing routine once I get to work to a minimum. 

For more context, my routine when I don't have to bike somewhere is:

Wash and condition hair 1-2 times/week. After washing, apply leave-in conditioner and a good amount of gel to my very wet hair and wrap in a T-shirt for 15 minutes before letting air dry.

On non-wash days I don't get my scalp wet because it immediately starts getting greasy at the roots if I do.  I refresh by thoroughly brushing and then spraying down the length of my hair with water and scrunching in some mouse or more gel (I'm still trying to figure out this part of the routine). I also apply some argan oil shine spray to the tips  as needed when my hair is dry."
podriccpayne,iixos8,What about just one french braid down the center so you're not pulling your hair down you're pulling it up?
420wasabisnappin,iipuvs,Just looked at that Bumble stuff and GOT DANG I wish I had your budget
bslfsu,iipuvs,"I love Bumble and Bumble Gel Oil for definition/softness/frizz reduction. I’m in the Southeastern USA, and it’s super humid here. This is the one product that does the trick for me. I have fine hair with a mix of 2a/2b/2c wave patterns throughout. I am also prone to awful halo frizz. 🙄 This product has really worked for me. My hair also gets nasty if I don’t wash it daily. I use Bumble and Bumble Hairdresser’s Invisible Oil shampoo and conditioner. So, not the most cost-effective routine, but I really feel like these products make my hair feel and look amazing. Good luck!"
kittycat1994,iipuvs,"How to keep my waves but take away frizz, especially near the scalp? I have low porosity hair and I think type 2B curls. Routine in comments&&&&&&Routine is not much of a routine, I just use Herbal Essences passion flower and rice milk shampoo and conditioner. It works wonderfully for keeping my hair soft and my waves on the ends of my hair but it gets frizzy near the top of my head.

I know Herbal Essences isn’t exactly curl friendly but it is the only one that has worked in taming a lot of the frizziness that I tend to get. A lot of other products are so heavy on my head and cause so much buildup.

I have fine hair that looks greasy if I add much of anything. I also have to wash it everyday otherwise it’ll get greasy. An inch down from my scalp to the ends of my hair is quite soft but near the top of my head gets frizzy. What do you recommend? I live in the UK"
pissgender,iipuvs,"it sounds like your hair likes protein! the 'rice milk' in your shampoo and conditioner line leads me to believe this. I would try doing a protein treatment followed by a deep conditioning treatment (bc your hair looks a little dry). I do a gelatin treatment every few months and it really helps with frizz and also wave definition.

I also really recommend using a styling product for hold, like a mousse or a gel. herbal essences mousses are good and shouldn't make your hair greasy or weigh it down. styling products help a lot with taming frizz and defining your hair and making it look shinier."
saltinado,iipuvs,"Okay, now, how long have you tried not washing your hair? Because I was also an every day hair washer, and the first three weeks when I started cutting back, whoa buddy, grease central. And then my scalp chilled out and now I'm a once every two or three days washer (but more if I'm getting dandruff, then I gotta beat my scalp back into submission with a dandruff shampoo).

As far as getting waves at your roots, sorry dude, but we're both 2b. 2b doesn't really wave at the root, and it usually looks pretty tangly if we try. My hair is also super fine and 2b, and I HEAR your scalp frizz struggle. What usually works the best for me is a rice water rinse! Also, if it's right at the root, sometimes I'll just spritz them with some plain water (just a tiny bit) and then kind of comb(at) them a bit into the rest of my hair and hope they stay chill.  But the rice water rinse is usually a better bet haha"
AllieMitch98,iilsws,"Tried using aloe as a hair mask before my normal wash/styling routine! I’m pleased!&&&&&&Hair mask: scrape out the inside of an aloe leaf and blend it. Apply all over and let sit for an hour. 
All products come from the Eufora Curl’n Line 
Shampoo and condition.. let conditioner sit for a few minutes before combing it through with a wide tooth comb with your head upside down. Rinse completely still upside down. Scrunch out a little water with a tshirt and scrunch in curl activator and curl defining foam. Plop for however long I feel like it (usually like 30 minutes). Fix your part and curl placement when you take it out of the plop and gently scrunch with tshirt again. Use tshirt to scrunch out the crunch several ours later."
Marixag,iikwbu,Question for my wavy sisters!!&&&I have a question. . . Can you do twist outs on wavy hair for transitioning people or will that ruin the wave patter ?&&&Thank you!!&&&Thanks for the information!!
WeAreStarless,iikwbu,"it will probably result in a different curl pattern than you naturally have, similar to when you braid your hair. it should reset when you next wash your hair, though"
pissgender,iikwbu,"I mean, you can try it! but when I did it, it was too much work for something that only helped marginally. it didn't really affect my curl pattern much. I think twist outs work much better for tighter curl patterns."
AIyxia,iikqti,"This is the first time I've ever tried to make it go wavy on purpose and it's still half-wet but LOOK&&&&&&Baby wave! 

So I thought I was straight with a *little* bit of wave for years and years, and occasionally I would wake up with no-product big obvious waves after a shower - not the kind you can get from sleeping on wet hair - but I still don't know what causes it.

I like having waves so I thought I'd try to make it happen on purpose but had no idea how or even if I was truly a natural wavy, so I've been lurking this sub and curlyhair. This is my first wash - I'm still only half-dry, but I was very excited since I haven't properly seen a wave in a while! Please excuse the uneven face blocking. Thank you for the assistance and encouragement! Y'all have gorgeous-ass hair.&&&I used Lemon-Up (my usual shampoo that happens to have sulfates w/o silicones), rinsed, Aveeno Rose Water and Chamomile Shampoo, rinsed, brushed with a Wet Brush in the shower, air dry. I think I might have scrunched my hair a little while wet? I try not to touch it much. 

I picked the aveeno by recommendation - no sulfates, one water-soluble silicone. But if anyone's got thoughts, I'm all ears. 

No conditioner or product yet. It *is* kinda frizzy though now that I see a photo, I wonder if conditioner would fix that?

My hair is very fine, medium density I think, with a *very* oily scalp (idk dehydrated or just oily but it's always been that way that I remember). Just about anything I've ever put in has darkened it, weighed it down, or both."
bren2wren,iigerf,"Holy grail products&&&Ok so I’m new to the wavy hair community.  I’ve always been very low maintenance and have practiced a lot of the curly gurl techniques without realizing it but my hair has been getting thinner in the last year or two and my scalp went through a period of significant irritation so I’ve been using more products to get everything stabilized.  I found that a scalp treatment has been super helpful in limiting my scalp irritation but I’m looking to reduce the number of products I need to use to keep frizz controlled while still retaining that shine and moisture control.  I’ve had issues with changing products causing that scalp irritation in the past so I’d love some real life advice.  So I’m between 2a/b and medium to high porosity hair with medium strands.  Thinner on top, thick in the back and bottom. I’ve heard good things about briogeo, redken, and Aveeno.  Thoughts?&&&I’ve found that using oils makes my hair very heavy and greasy looking, does flaxseed not do this?"
pissgender,iigerf,"flaxseed gel. life changer. I have sensitive skin and flaxseed gels do not irritate me at all, and I can even make my own at home! currently I am using one from Ecoslay called Orange Marmalade. it's my only styling product and I don't even use leave in anymore bc it's moisturizing as well as good at holding my style.

my mom has very thin hair at the top of her scalp too and what she does is an scalp oil treatment the night before shampooing. it really lifts her roots and makes her hair look fuller after she shampoos. right now she uses the oils treatment from Bondi boost but you can make your own oils blend or just use one oil like castor or sweet almond and see if that works. don't use coconut oil though! ive heard people have trouble with it. Ayesha Malik has a good vid about it on YT"
