index,id,comments
fun-fatale,hlucu5,"Have you tried hair coils? The hold isn't super tight so I wouldn't recommend, like, running a marathon or something in them, but it should be able to keep your hair out of your face with less impact on your pattern."
headoverheels14,hlucu5,I use one of those hair ties that look like a phone cord (don't know their real name). They grip my hair really well. I just put my hair in a high pony and then wrap the ends into the hair tie. The next morning my hair will still be wavy.
irinnie,hlucu5,"how should i tie my hair up?&&&i have medium length hair that is 2A if i properly style it, otherwise it is just very confused. its like a really ugly 1C

my waves are the waviest on wash day and the first refresh. 

HOWEVER, the moment i tie it up or sleep in it, my waves stretch out and just look wonky and spikey. 

its so hot right now in LA so im trying to find a way to tie it up without stretching out all the hard work i put into my hair. 

pony tails and buns always ruin my wave pattern. i found that clips work so far but i am looking for a specific clip or accessory that will actually look good and elegant. i currently look like a 5 year old with clips all over my hair. i scrunched my hair into a bun and i have tiny claw clips holding it up. does not look good at all but its working for now...i think...i havent taken it out yet.

[my hair scrunched up and clipped in...i look insane right now lol](https://preview.redd.it/c3zj02gzt3951.jpg?width=2164&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=cdacf8aa74b58e147449b5bec1cb79c47c18710f)

i have heard of the banana clip but i haven't been able to find one that looks nice and i worry it will stretch out the hair near my scalp. any tips?"
kalista_k,hlucu5,I have the same question!
bubbles2882,hlosn7,People pay money for curls like that!!
crystallison,hlosn7,"What’s your hair type? (Porosity, etc.) I’m trying to finalize my routine and I’m struggling!"
dishmopperm,hlosn7,Stunning ringlets! And so shiny!
mbrynn27,hlosn7,"So beautiful!!! How long did it take you to transition? I realized mid May that my frizzy, dry hair was actually wavy and I’m wondering if it will continue to get wavier or if I’ve reached my full potential. So glad I discovered CGM!"
professionalhippo1,hlosn7,"So glad we’re open again! I posted back in March about starting CGM after discovering my hair wasn’t actually straight like I had assumed it was my whole life. Yesterday was my best wash day ever! Routine in comments.&&&&&&Routine: Washed with Jessicurl gentle lather, Squish to condish with Jessicurl aloeba condituoner for 3 minutes and fully rinsed our, squish to condish garnier fructise smoothing treat for 1 minute and fully rinsed our, raked a quarter sized puddle of Jessicurl rockin ringlets into soaking wet hair, scrunched in Eco style avocado oil gel, hover diffuser to 25% dry, scrunched in Aussie instant freeze gel diffused until cast set, air dried 1 hr before scrunch out the crunch.&&&Thank you! 😊I sort of feel robbed because I could have had this hair for years but I had no idea! I just thought my hair was ugly for 32 years. Finally a friend with curly hair who knew better told me I had wavy hair but I was masking it without realizing it.&&&Thank you!&&&Thank you! I had my first good wash day about 3 weeks in, but it took about 3 months to figure out my protein moisture balance."
TrustMeImAGirl,hlmdlr,"I was afraid of losing my waves when I did a dramatic cut, but they bounced right up!&&&&&&I absolutely love long hair, but I had been damaging my hair for most of my life. Last October, I started following CGM and I still *mostly* follow it. The ends of my hair had previously been bleached and colored (pink/purple tips) so getting it cut off my hair is so much healthier. I did the exact same styling method for both pictures, and now I'll be trying out different things since my hair is shorter. (I hated using gel with long hair because of how long it takes to dry.)

Current method: Wash/condition with Pacifica Pineapple Curls, NYMN Mousse, scrunch, plop, then diffuse to like 75%-80% dry. Air dry rest of the way then scrunch again."
District_Eight,hljbgy,"I have had a flat root issue since going wavy. I will definitely give this a try, the best results I have had so far are when I deep condition before shampoo then condition only on the bottom 4 inches of my hair. I brush my hair out (away from my scalp maintaining the parting I intend to wear) and then scrunch in gel starting approximately 3 inches away from my root and working down to the ends adding a little more gel as I go, I do this in 4 horizontal sections across my head (I have medium to sparse hair, although this is relative so more or less sections may be needed) and I tilt towards the section of my hair I’m scrunching. Sometimes I will twist a few small sections around my parting. I usually use a root volume spray as this seems to help prevent it being weighed down whilst drying and setting into the scrunched pattern at the root. I will diffuse for approx 5 minutes by hovering around my head whilst it is tilted towards the area I am drying then I will diffuse starting about 5 inches down and bringing up to my scalp. Once the roots are dry I will leave the rest to air dry or will hover  around the lengths with the diffuser until dry - I don’t tend to scrunch the ends very much and just let them do their own thing (it does mean a looser wave than I could achieve with more scrunching but this will bridge the gap between the looser root) I will then use a lightweight leave in conditioner each day without water followed with a foamy mousse as a refresher. I have somewhat damaged hair as I have lightened it 5 colour levels and this hasn’t affected the moisture levels in my hair, it feels more moisturised than before I lightened it and was wearing it straight and I just add a cream to the bottom 2-3 inches in the week before and after having it lightened. Seems like the method above might be less complex and maybe save some time so I will definitely see if it works for me. Thanks for the tip :)"
satsumagurl,hljbgy,I tried this trick and it worked for me! I can't believe it..thanks for sharing. I have wave that starts at the root.
trevorishy,hljbgy,"Wavy hair hack for those struggling with flat/straight roots&&&Im so glad this sub is back to life. Im going to share a [hack](https://youtu.be/Ghf5HDNL8WA) I learned from youtube that no one asked for 🤣, to add some volume and texture to the roots. I have straight roots ever since I started wearing my hair wavy and it will only start to ""wave"" just below my ears. That's just how it is. With this trick I can get some texture and volume closer up to the roots, even though it isnt too obvious on me, but its better than just flat roots. The trick is basically brushing the hair all the way back after scrunching in a leave in/cream upside down, then scrunch in a gel upside down again as the last step. I used a dupe denman brush for this but in the video she used a tangle teezer which what I should've used instead, that can detangle a lot easier. My hair is less curly compared to the girl in the video, but it still works for me. Hope this helps anyone with the same hair type.&&&Manes by Mell has a video similar to this where she showed how to use a denman brush and brush it up away from the scalp per sections before scrunching in gel. I guess it should also work as well for people like me who very straight roots and a lot less curly compared to her hair. But its a bit hard to brush it by sectioning like she did because I dont how to section my hair like that, without very pronounced curls when its wet.&&&Good to know it works for you. Did you use a wet brush and a gel?"
Mgbaki2013,hl8jk2,"Fat Boy hair care&&&Has anyone heard of Fat Boy hair care and if they are CGM approved? I was recently gifted some but can’t find much researching online...&&&Oh okay, I will try that. Thank you!"
ThorsWolf777,hl8jk2,Can you find an ingredient list? You can then put that through curlscan or some of the other sites to see if it's cgm approved or not. Curlscan is just the only one I remember
LittleBit20,hkpwlr,"You could try LA Looks gel. I've heard a lot of good things about its hold strength. It's a cheap drugstore brand, and is CG friendly. Though I've also heard that it can give you flakes if you use too much. I've never used this brand but I want to try it out when I run out of my current gel since it's so affordable.

Also, I use the Curl-talk gel, it's good (but not the best imo), CG friendly, and affordable. However, it doesn't hold my waves for more than a few hours. I have 2a/b waves, right now they're closer to 2a but I'm adjusting my routine for hard water which is affecting my waves.

Hope you find a good gel!"
TayyyMo,hkpwlr,I really like ouidad climate control gel!
Wavesmith,hkpwlr,"I switched from Aussie Instant Freeze to jessicurl spiralicious. It’s more pricey but it’s the best gel I’ve ever used, strong hold, doesn’t cause as much frizz in high humidity and smells amazing."
burningbright01,hkpwlr,"Replacement/dupe for Aussie Instant Freeze?&&&Aussie Instant Freeze is the best product for me, but I am pregnant and hate how many ingredients are toxic. I have researched this subreddit and CurlyHair thoroughly but can’t seem to find a good replacement/dupe for AIF. Can anyone recommend a gel that is similar? I have high-porosity, fine 2a-2b hair. So far I have tried Giovanni LA Gel (way too thick), Kinky Curly Custard (too heavy for my hair), Moptop Custard (good at first but not enough hold a few hours later), Jessiecurl Gelebration (didn’t do much for me at all)... please help! I was thinking of trying Moptop gels next...."
dianacakes,hkpwlr,"Maybe make your own gel with flax seed and aloe? Instant Freeze is an aloe based gel, and the flax would provide a bit of protein."
isthatasquare,hkpwlr,I love the Innersense I Create Hold. It’s way out of my price range so I don’t have it right now but I got months of use out of a travel size so it’s a good value for the investment.
mrshoffu,hkpwlr,"Not a great answer, but with the Giovanni gel try adding more water to it.  I find it helps so much and is one of my favorites for my 2a, 2b hair.  I also like the kinky curly curling custard to pair with it, or try herbal essence totally twisted mousse"
