index,id,comments
GoshDarnBatgirl,ey0xyr,It looks great!
Maiyawyn,ey0xyr,"Thick, colored hair progress after (tweaked) CGM!&&&&&&Photos taken a few weeks apart just recently. Game changer was the reset wash and gel, as I had already been using cgm friendly products for a long time and air drying.

Gel is a little tough for me to do every wash bc it increases the drying time so much, and going pretty much daily to mma classes where my hair is tied up and sweaty, I think I'm going to mainly opt for leave in alone, and save the gel/diffusing for weekends or special days. 

I do brush my hair out before washing or the day before, and use low heat on my diffuser (I have plenty of product in my hair to protect it).&&&Thanks, I appreciate it!"
Emergency_Pea,exh5r0,"I haven’t figured it out either but your hair looks EXACTLY like mine does at that length. The left side is always straighter, drives me crazy"
Rhythmicka,exh5r0,"Poor picture, but how do I balance out my wave on the other side???&&&&&&I use a curl defining cream that helps the waves stay. Half blow dry half air dry method, diffuser made my hair into a giant poof so I just dry my hair upside down.&&&And while we’re at it... tips for keeping wave over night?"
JeTaime1987,ex4nae,"Are you applying your products in sections? Maybe your top layer is getting too much product or not enough? 

I’ve never heard of anyone using baking soda. Maybe try taking that out a bit and see what happens. 

Also, maybe look into dew points? Glycerin can wreak havoc on my hair. I’m in the USA-Maryland. Humid and really weird weather. The dew point is almost never in the right zone for my hair. I always cap things off with a glycerin free gel or mousse to prevent my hair from getting super dried out."
WeAreStarless,ex4nae,"> a baking soda-curly wurly mix I made 

i would highly recommend not using baking soda on your hair. it has a pH of 8, which is way higher than your hair (which has a pH of 5). especially with nothing to balance it like apple cider vinegar, this is not good for your hair"
cadaverousbones,ex4nae,Baking soda is for clarifying so you might be doing it too often.
ronniedea,ex4nae,"Need your help&&&Hello wavies, I really need some advices. I've started using cgm products and a sort of routine. I've always had super-straight-asian-kind-of-hair, according to my hairdresser auntie and all my relatives. But I always felt I had frizzy, voluminous hair. 
Now. I got a haircut, neck length, I wash every 2-3 days with mango co-wash (from lush Oxford Street) OR a baking soda-curly wurly mix I made, condition and leave in with happy happy joy joy, scrunch and squish, then plop for 15-20 min, add some Giants gel, plop some more, now I'm trying to diffuse without heat, also sleep on a silk pillowcase. Once a week I treat my hair with some sort of home made mask, like aloe and honey and i do henna every 2 months, which also contains cocoa butter. 
My wet hair are wavy, soft and elastic. Once dry the upper layer turn flat and frizzy, while the layers under are wavy and super cute.
I tried refreshing on the second day but my scalp turns oily. Also I live in Italy so it's impossible to find most of the products you recommend, and I would really love to keep using lush products.
Help&&&I do use vinegar every time I use baking soda! Could this be the only ""problem""?"
BringOnTheShibas,ex0xxr,"Be careful with Deva Curl. There’s currently lawsuits against them because of their products. I tried them and had an allergic reaction so luckily I stopped using them after 3 days but lots of others are losing hair and having other issues. So maybe do some research before you decide to go with their products. I haven’t tried them yet but tresemme just came out with a light weight shampoo, conditioner and mousse, it’s called Tresemme Pro Pure Lightweight and it’s CG friendly and reasonably priced."
SleepyOne123,ex0xxr,Agreed!
alissaelephant,ex0xxr,"If you're going to splurge I highly recommend bounce curl, it was a game changer for me, deva just felt 'meh'. Your hair looks phenomenal though!"
bikesandbacon,ex0xxr,Just swinging by to confess my hair envy
fritzrits,ex0xxr,Stay away from deva. People have had hair loss off their products and gotten their hair damage. Google it if you dont believe me but I'd stay away.
green1414,ex0xxr,"Progress? I think I’ve almost found a decent routine, though I’m still hoping to find a lighter conditioner. Routine posted below.&&&&&&Thank you! ❤️&&&I usually wash with Not Your Mother’s shampoo and conditioner, though I’m probably going to splurge and try Deva Curl Low Poo and One Conditioner. I struggle with a conditioner that doesn’t weigh my hair down or make it look stringy. I wash and then use a wide tooth comb while conditioning. I lean forward but don’t style all the way upside down because my thicker hair gets too unruly. I add a small amount of Curls Blueberry Bliss Leave in Conditioner followed by Curls Goddess Curls gel. I don’t add the gel all the way up to my scalp because I like a lot of volume on top. I then plop for 10-15 min and then leaning forward add a little mousse (I have some type of herbal essence mousse right now) followed by a bit more Goddess gel (again only putting gel and mousse up to an inch or two from my scalp). I then either air dry or diffuse (using diffuser hammock type method) until dry."
AmandaBW,ewukva,"My hair tends to be oily, so co-washing wasn’t a good fit for me. I swear by Deva Curl Low-Poo Delight. It’s a mild-lather cleanser made for wavy hair.

I love the pink Eco Gel. I re-apply gel daily, and I can often go 3-4 days between washes. I’ve had absolutely no issues with build up using both products. 

Good luck!"
FionaGoodeEnough,ewukva,"I don’t co-wash, but I do put conditioner on the ends before I wash the roots."
Slimesail1417,ewukva,Your hair is a similar texture to mine and I’ve found success with doing an apple cider vinegar rinse once a week to prevent buildup.
dtuskey1,ewukva,"For me ""silicones"" or anything ending in ""cone"" has been the worst ingredients for managing my hair. All my products are ""cone"" free. Now I use a conditioning cleanser & conditioner on my 3a hair. My hair started out at 2a, but after a year of taking care of it with the right products & the right cut (Ouidad cut), my curl type is 3a to 3b throughout. I use a quality gel combined with plopping and diffusing. I'm able to go 3-4 days without washing my hair; just refreshing the curl in the mornings. Every 2 weeks I use a clarifying shampoo and deep conditioner. I've never loved my wavy/curly (swavy?) hair until now.

Silicones coat the hair by lying on top of the strands to ""lock-in"" moisture. Unfortunately, it also ""locks-out"" moisture too. As the build up of silicone continues on the hair strands, your hair can't access moisture, etc. It's the silicone build up that causes limp, flat, dried out & frizzy hair. 

Everyone's hair is different & unique; especially any type of curly or wavy hair. This has been my experience. It may or may not be the same for you or anyone else."
fritzrits,ewukva,I co wash and I dont have any build up and i use a ton of gel. If you use a co wash and not just a conditioner as a cowash it should get it all out. I use a massage brush as well and use shampoo once a week.  Try it out. Nobody knows your hair like you and everyone has different hair so what works for one might not work for another and there's only one way to find out of it works for you.
gemushka,ewukva,"☺️

Personally I think co-washing is more relevant to curly hair than wavy hair. The shape of the hair shaft is different for those with curlier hair. It is flatter and prevents the natural movement of moisture down the shaft, which means it is more prone to drying. Co-washing is designed to counteract that issue. This should be less of a problem for those of us with wavy hair and instead product build up is more likely to be a problem. If I co-washed I’d end up with lank hair with minimal wave and lots of grease. By all means try it, but just wanted to point out that not all of the CGM translates directly to those of us with wavy hair."
samanthakaydean,ewukva,"Attempting the CGM for the first time. I used gel in this and the plopping method. I think I’m going to try co-washing but I’m worried about the gel building up. Long way to go but glad I started ☺️&&&&&&Well I definitely appreciate this feedback! Maybe I won’t try it then ☺️&&&This might be a dumb question but what’s ‘stc’?? And I haven’t heard of rice water rinses or olaplex3 haha. I feel like such a newbie!! But that’s why I love this group, I’m learning a lot and everyone is super supportive and helpful. Thanks!!&&&Thank you! I’ll try both of those. I appreciate the advice ☺️&&&This was a very informative answer, thank you!! I’m super bummed because I was at the store a couple days ago and didn’t have much time and grabbed whatever said “curls” on it. I ended up grabbing the Aussie miracle curls shampoo and conditioner, thinking that if it said curls then it would obviously be curly girl approved right? Wrong :( it’s not. But now I don’t want to waste it so I’ll finish them up before I go get something else. May I ask what you refresh your hair with on 2nd, 3rd days etc?? My biggest challenge in all of this has been trying to find the simplest way to achieve waves because I don’t like a whole lot of fuss in the mornings when I’m getting ready."
thistimeofdarkness,ewukva,"Your hair is very pretty! You have a lot of potential there! I bet it will get pretty curly after a few months. I have wavy hair, and cowashing doesn't work for me. I wash every other day. The Stc is important and gel. I can't use the massive amounts that curlies can. I also use mousse for volume. Rice water rinses help too. I'm considering olaplex3, but I'm not sure if it's a good idea or not. It's pricey."
Bamagal77,ewp1b0,"Looking for products to try from Sally's&&&So, I grabbed a bottle of All About Curls Boosting Foam to try. It didn't work for me, left my hair looking stringy and heavy. Taking it back to Sally's and looking for recommendations for something else to try from Sally's. My hair is thin, wavy and easily weighed down. I can't really leave conditioner in and I have to have shampoo or my hair gets heavy and greasy.  I've tried the following products and they were too heavy or just didn't give me good results Cantu Curl Cream, Shea Moisture Curl Smoothie, Herbal Essences Totally Twisted Gel. This morning I tried a sample pack of Jessicurl Rocking Ringlets followed by Spiralicious. My hair is still wet, but at the moment, I have some waves and texture at the top of my head and I usually NEVER have anything but straight there. Also, I live in Alabama, so humidity is always an issue (didn't use much of the Rockin Ringlets because of it and hoping it's ok). I can always get a refund, but wanted to know if you knew of any others I could try that are lightweight and don't weigh down the hair. Oh also, I've used Aussie Miracle Curls Mousse about five times and it does seem to help with the frizz, I just don't get definition with it. Thanks!!&&&That's interesting about the gel, I haven't been using much, but maybe I'll play around with more and see how it goes."
MsQuirky,ewp1b0,"I also have fine hair that gets weighted down pretty easily.  I find I need extra-firm gel applied liberally though for definition.  First while it's wet, then I've lately found doing a second/third application when the hair is over 70% dry helps a lot.- I've used LA Looks & Vital Care Mega Mega Hold Extreme Spiking Hair Gel (I think the Vital Care does NOT have glycerin, which might interest you given the humidity factor - it specifically lists ""humidity shield"" whatever that means).  Diffusing makes a huge difference for me volume wise (I recently bought an actual dryer hood and that is phenomenal lol).

For shampoo.... I'm using up no/low poo stuff I have, but have mixed in sulphate shampoo - the low/no just doesn't remove product well enough for me (I have VERY high porosity hair).  In the past I've had fairly good luck with Bouncy Cleanse by ISO, though the conditioner has silicones which I'm still trying to avoid, so I pair with other conditioners."
matchapuddings,ewji36,Cantu for wavy straight hair&&&My hair is wavy straight. Got a few kinks and bends but mostly straight so I think it's 2a hair. It's pretty dry and frizzy but doesn't tangle. Would cantu shampoo and conditioner moisturize it? I'm on a budget so are there any other cheap shampoos and conditioners (sulfate free and clean) that will help hydrate my hair and reduce the frizz?
xsharmander,ewji36,Hi there fellow wavy. Cantu works for some but might be too heavy for others. Curlyhair has some great guides and a product list-I would start there.
moosetastic76,ewg4mk,My hair is so similar to yours! Thanks for sharing!! Do you mind taking a pic of all the products you use?
sugarparasol,ewg4mk,"I think I've found a routine/products that work!&&&I have fine hair that on its own has no volume, is really slick, and won't even hold a curl from a curling iron. But my most recent routine is this: doesn't seem to matter what I shampoo/condition with but I do squish to condish, microfiber towel dry, about 10 sprays of Aveda Thickening Tonic at roots, about a dime-sized amount of Aveda Be Curly Style-Prep, about half a dime-sized amount of Aveda Be Curly Curl Enhancer (if I use more than that, it just weighs my hair down to much), about a nickel to a quarter-sized amount of Aveda Flax Seed Aloe Strong Hold Sculpturing Gel and then scrunch, holding in certain spots if needed get those waves going after putting so much stuff in. Then I diffuse for maybe 5 minutes, on high setting but warm heat, making sure that I lift at the roots with the diffuser, with the curly ends tucked up in the diffuser teeth (this has been a game changer!). Then when I get to work/after the rest has totally air dried, I sprinkle BigSexyHair Powder Play at the roots and around, in general. This has also been a game changer because it helps my hair have some texture and volume. Then I finish with Aveda Be Curly Curl Enhancing Hair Spray to help hold that volume and shape I kind of perfected from the powder. I know, it sounds like a lot. But let me tell you, before I tried to promote my waves by using products, I had to wash my hair almost every day because it is so fine and would get greasy and stringy looking so fast. Now, I can go 4 or 5 days before washing again! Oh! And my ""second"" day routine is either spray with a bit of water and reapply another little bit of Aveda Be Curly Style-Prep before diffusing, or spray Aveda Rinseless Refresh and then diffuse. And then some BigSexyHair Powder Play and Aveda Be Curly Curl Enhancing Hair Spray as needed. But honestly, before figuring out the how important the diffuser was, my hair would always flatten out quickly. Hope this is helpful info for some of you!

https://preview.redd.it/ykn4wxwgl0e41.jpg?width=2320&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=7a4c64fe8b6ede3b808439ff33bf850796db0edc&&&Yes, I’ll link the products! But gotta wait till I get home 😬"
thenavylark,ewg4mk,Your waves look great!  Yay for finding out what works for your hair.
JeTaime1987,ew0u3l,"I will put in gel and then brush it through so it’s more evenly distributed. I do lose definition in my roots, but I feel like my hair looks more uniform. I guess it depends what your hair goals are. For me on lazy days I’m looking for easy relaxed frizz free waves. When I’m up for it I’ll spend a long time getting it curly with scrunching, adding in water, finger coiling, and diffusing. For me though I wash my hair every day and I just can’t for the life of me spend so much time on making it curly. So, I’m learning to appreciate just the waves. :)"
Library_lady123,ew0u3l,"I apply my products, then use a Denman brush, finger coil, and then scrunch. My goal is basically loose waves that aren't just a poofball of frizz and this method works for me. I also use the Manes by Mell head-hovering method of diffusing to keep it wavy rather than super curly."
fritzrits,ew0u3l,"If volumes the problem, try to diffuse upside down and adding a bit of mousse into the area you want more volume in before adding the gel or just using a firm hold mousse"
trevorishy,ew0u3l,"Anyone here have success with raking in gel or finger coiling?&&&I experimented with raking in my gel then I finger coil some of the clumps to get more defined waves. My result does look different from if I only scrunch in the gel. I did get more definition but it also stretches out my curl pattern. I had less volume on the roots. Anyone else with wavy hair have tips to share on raking or finger coil? Should I just stick to scrunching in my gel, and maybe this technique is only good for people with curlier hair types?&&&For me scrunching in gel minus the raking does seem to enhance the curl pattern. Does this mean by only finger coiling it wont loosen up the curl pattern in your case? Both scrunching or raking take almost the same amount of time for me, but its the finger coiling part that take up more time."
Anyrak,evytla,"Miscellaneous questions&&&Hi everyone! I believe I have 2a-2b thick hair, prone to poofing up by midday (large Texas hair unintentionally), with an oily scalp. I've been trying a revised CGM- no silicones or sulfates but ok the alcohol since I need dry shampoo by day three.
I'm still working on the best combo of products for me. So, if y'all wouldn't mind, I'd like to ask here.
1. When do you comb your hair? Or should I not comb it. Right now I'm combing in the shower either after cowash or conditioner but it seems to kill the waves?
2. If I sleep with my hair wet, it's still wet when I get up but the waves are better. I do not want to start diffusing my hair- haven't even owned a hair dryer for years. When I sleep on it dry, it ends up poofy with little wave in it. Any suggestions?
3. I feel like I'm putting too much stuff in my hair. If I am not clarifying, I've been doing co-wash, conditioner, leave in and styling product. And my hair looks nice while wet but super oily at my roots, and I have noticably straighter hair at the roots. Can anyone suggest a better way-esp if you happen to have oily scalp and/or dandruff?
4. Are there any products for marketed for wavies? Or ones that look particularly well in your hair? And do any of them have travel sizes so I can try it out?

Sorry for the huge block of text. TBH, the curly hair subreddit is a little intimidating for a beginner. TIA!&&&OMG her hair is gorgeous!  just looking through the names of the videos I can tell it's what i need- thanks for the suggestion!&&&You know, I'm not sure why I put 2a-b when I actually meant 2b-c. My hair is thick and a little coarse. By refreshing you mean add some more product?"
mercurys-daughter,evytla,I brush my hair dry before showering or refreshing. If your hair looks bad after sleeping dry you should try refreshing it in the morning. Cake Curl Whip is a good mousse I use. If your hair is greasy and 2A then cowashing May be too intense.
thenavylark,evytla,"I recommend taking a look at swavycurlycourtney on youtube.  I believe she lives in Texas, but she also has an oily scalp with wavy hair.  She's got some great videos that pretty much cover all of your questions."
Aliisynn,euvtp5,"Hair products?&&&Looking to get some advice for my 2a-2b wavy hair! My hair is coloured and the texture has always been very dry and frizzy. I recently bought a diffuser hairdryer and some curling creme to help with styling and I also just purchased a silk pillowcase!

I'm looking to know about any silicone/sulphate-free shampoo and conditioner that is colour protective! I live in the UK, so brands that are accessible here would be lovely :)"
KittyFandango,euvtp5,"I use Superdrug's cherry and almond fruity conditioner - it's supposed to be for coloured hair (although mine isn't coloured, so I don't know how good a job it does at that)."
WeAreStarless,euvtp5,check out r/CurlyHairUK!
squigglylinesofine,euvtp5,Big fan of home made flax seed gel with added vitamin e and aloe vera gel to preserve it longer
FionaGoodeEnough,eusnv1,"I definitely have straighter hair at the back and curlier hair at the front. It can be frustrating sometimes, but I find that overall, when I stick to the method, even the straightest parts are more wavy and able to blend.  Some of it may also be about the sweet spot for your hair, length-wise.  The hair all over your head is different lengths.  I know that if my hair is too short, it's cut off before the wave pattern even starts, and if it is too long, it gets too heavy and pulls out the wave."
RadishDerp,eusnv1,You can also try finger coiling to try and train the straight sections of your hair! Manesbymell and joybeforeher both have great videos on fingercoiling on youtube
pissgender,eusnv1,"combo hair types&&&hey guys! I started cgm 3 month ago. as I've been taking care of my hair, I realized I have multiple hair types on my head. the sides of my head have 2a/b waves but along my middle part I have stick straight hair. as I progress on my hair journey, the difference between the straight parts and wavy part of my hair become starker. it bugs the hell out of me! it looks so wonky, especially the back of my head because it has the most straight hair on the top layer. it looks so flat compared to the sides of my head 😭 I'm going to start parting my hair on the side to hide the straight parts, but the back is harder to solve. I'm gonna try braiding that section next washday and diffusing with the rest of my hair to see if I can get it to look less flat, but I'm worried it might not work cause my hair can be real stubborn.

does anyone else have this problem?"
