index,id,comments
SuaveSpermatozoa,ifdnfz,"Am I plopping wrong? When I take it down the back of my hair is stuck to the back of my head upwards, and my ends are caught up in the front?&&&There's also still a tonne of water left in, it doesn't seem to dry my hair at all. Maybe my hair just has high porosity?


I'm also finding scrunching upside down means that the top layer of my hair doesn't get scrunched properly. When I part it then scrunch it waves so much more, but that means I'm breaking up all the clumps so it ends up stringy. It doesn't seem to matter how much I try to get in there and scrunch it, maybe its the angle? I don't know, it just falls flat 


Does anyone have any ideas of what might help?&&&Low poo wash upside down, condition with Maui frizz control conditioner, S2C and rinse out or it weighs my hair down.


Head still upside down and very wet I smooth gel over and scrunch it in, then plop using a long sleeved top (I found that the easiest to tie up) leave for 15 mins, take down and air dry, scrunch out the crunch.


It was taking about 4 hours to dry, so I tried doing the same thing but scrunching out some water gently first with my hands, smoothing over gel and scrunching with a t shit instead of plopping, when I flipped my hair back it was still really flat and unscrunched along the top layer on the sides so I parted it and scrunched with my hands. That made more waves and it dried quicker, but it also ended up very stringy."
pilfernoodles,ifdnfz,"for the stringiness you might want to try adding a (very) wide tooth comb or brush to your routine to help with forming clumps. Many curlies/wavies like the wet brush or denman but my personal favorite is the Flexy brush. I use it twice in the shower; upside down after rinsing out my conditioner and again, side to side after squishing in a nice creamy leave-in. I’ll do a little jiggle of my head after each to encourage my hair to clump together in its curl families. Works like a charm. Heck, whenever I feel I need a full wet refresh, I actually just use my brush, wet under water, without any additional product, to reform clumps. It’s my all time fave tool. 

For me, doing everything side to side before plopping is key. If you’re doing your entire routine upside down, you’re basically training the hair in the back to go *up* your head.  Then, when you turn upright, all your curl families have  to completely readjust themselves. Doing the process side to side means less adjustment and less chance for the curl families to separate when you turn your head upright. You can also try sectioning—either top layer/bottom layer, or sides/back—when styling, depending on where you’re having the most trouble with consistency.

last suggestion is just cuz you said you plop with a tee shirt. I prefer the tee material over microfiber also, but found using a shirt was awkward and harder to control. If you’re in the US, walmart has one of those hair turban things in the hair care section that’s made from tee shirt material and it’s been amazing for me. The brand, if you’re looking for it, is Evolve. It may also be available on Amazon, but I’m not certain.&&&INFO: are you plopping right out of the shower/wash, or after applying product? what are you plopping with? when, and with what, are you scrunching? 
please share more about what your routine looks like so we can offer better advice"
saltinado,ifdnfz,"I don't know if this is your problem, but I realized I wasn't actually upside down when I was plopping. I wanted to see my hairs hit the t-shirt, so I ended up going hairline first, not top of ehad first. It made my hair all weird and stretchy across the top, and all weird and forward leaning I the front. Try and make sure the top of your head hits the t-shirt, not your hairline!"
FlameDraws,ifcknf,"Accidental baby ringlet? Or just confused wave?&&&&&&Ahh it's good to hear someone else experiences it too at least! Hope we find it out!&&&I use Redken all soft shampoo, currently using up Pantene proV sheer volume conditioner, and Jessecurls spiralicious gel in my routine. I smooth on and then rake through conditioner, recombine my hair and let it sit for a few minutes while I do other things. I rinse the roots for a few minutes, brush/detangle it, and smoosh in what's left of the conditioner, and rake through it again. I separate my hair into two sides and apply emulsified gel, smoothing and raking it in and then gently blotting it up against my scalp using a t-shirt. I slept on it about 70% dry.

If I leave my hair to it's own devices and don't rake through it as much, it likes to form large clumps but with hair from separate parts of my scalp so it looks really messy at the top. The clumps also tend to fall apart, like they don't have enough to hold together."
Sylvss1011,ifcknf,My hair will do that randomly too! It’s like it twists itself! I still haven’t figured out what causes it
Imnotarobotright,if95l5,I just have to say you have the coolest hair I’ve ever seen
Thelostbiscuit,if95l5,"Sometimes my waves still look nice 5 days after wash day. Sometimes.&&&&&&Routine:     
Wash with NYM pink bottle.  
Condition with Tresseme Botanique Coconut. Let sit while I do shower stuff. 
Brush with wide tooth comb while upside down. Rinse. 
Use quarter sized amount of LA extreme looks gel and scrunch, squeezing hard. 
Hop outta the shower, plop in t shirt for 10-15 mins. 
Scrunch with t shirt, then diffuse roots while upside down. Let air dry. I’ll use NYM’s whipped mousse on damp hair if it’s a humid day.

Non wash days, gently brush any tangles on the bottom of my hair, scrunch in watered down conditioner and Hask Keratin oil. Use mousse if needed. 
If my roots look greasy and I don’t want to wash yet, I’ll hit it with NYM’s beach dry shampoo.&&&Thanks! I used Arctic Fox Cosmic Sunshine and very diluted Wrath.&&&Thank you! I got it from Spoonflower! The shipping times were atrocious but it was to be expected lol"
Woezelthesloth,if95l5,Loving the colours!
cadaverousbones,if95l5,Love that mask
lvbni,if95l5,"Your hair is beautiful, your eyes are beautiful, and please, please share where you got the fabric for your mask! 🙏"
mamaleoness,if95l5,You are GORGEOUS!
opaul11,if95l5,I’m so proud and jealous
orianneell,if95l5,omggg but what colours do you use!!?? so cute
throwawayathrowaway0,if95l5,I love the yellow and pink with your texture. Your hair is so dreamy!
twoburbsonestone,if95l5,Beautiful hair and pretty blue eyes.. and I like your mask lol.
Mgroenink,if83sj,Following!
ftr-mmrs,if83sj,"Honestly, i just use my regular conditioner, put on a shower cap and then heat over that. I've heard you can try to boost it with a few drops of oil or a little honey. But I usually dont."
gokartkate,if83sj,"Deep conditioner recommendations?&&&I have fine but dense, low porosity wavy hair and I’m looking for recommendations on deep conditioners- preferably able to purchase at a drug store. Thanks!"
yamiryukia330,if83sj,I love the garnier treats line for their 1 minute masks. Admittedly I leave it in way longer. Or the SheaMoisture deep repair masks are good too for their deep moisture ones.
JapaneseStudentHaru,if4va2,I know that mane and tail was very popular in Japan for a bit and it’s CGA.
NotusJuno,if4va2,"Wavy hair in Japan&&&Hey girls, I'm trying to get my waves back using the CGM but it's so difficult to find good products here in Japan. Does anyone have any tips of where I should get them? I'm in Aichi, and if there's any online stores it would be great too. Everything I've found so far is so expensive 😭"
mrshoffu,if4va2,"Not sure if this is doable for you, but flaxseed gel is easy to make and can even freeze.  I know that’s only a piece of it, but maybe that can help?"
Affectionate-Tackle4,if3rls,You can use a tee shirt to dry your hair.
HazelTheWitchlet,if3rls,"Beginner with High Hopes&&&All my life I have believed that I had just a slight wave to my hair, like just a little bump that made it flare out a bit (so, like, what I would imagine to be a 1B, if that even exists). I diligently brushed my hair and washed it and did everything I was ""supposed to do"".

Recently I have come to the realization, thanks to a few articles and youtube videos, that I have actually really wavy hair, like about a 2B or 2C. I always thought my hair only looked like that because it was a tangled mess. I never imagined that it was SUPPOSED to look like that.

So now, with the reluctant blessings of my husband - who says that I have pretty hair regardless - I have purchased some products based on the stub article on this subreddit, and I just did my reset wash. This is my first time ever using gel in my hair, so I'm excited to see how it turns out.

Now for the long process of waiting for my hair to air dry (I don't have a diffuser or a microfiber towel). Sitting here with a towel over my shoulders so that my shirt doesn't get wet. I have to work today, but if I really like how it turns out, I will definitely post a picture of what my hair used to look like, what it looked like when I first started embracing the waves a few weeks ago, and what it looks like after my very first CG routine.

Oh! My (admittedly simple and beginner) routine:

* Reset wash with Mane and Tail Shampoo.
* Conditioning with Suave Essentials Ocean Breeze Conditioner.
* Gelling it up with LA Looks Extreme Sport Gel.

After today, I will be CO-washing with the conditioner for a while, and if that doesn't work then I will find a low-lather shampoo. AAAAAAAH I'm so excited!!!&&&Reset wash with Mane and Tail Shampoo.
Condition with Suave Essentials Ocean Breeze Conditioner.
Wide tooth comb through the conditioner, then rinse some but not all.
Lots of LA Looks Extreme Gel, scrunched into the hair.
Air dry, towel on shoulders. Will scrunch the gel eventually."
BebeCrow777,if2nif,I just started and my routine is basically the same as yours! My waves are a bit stringy though. Hope they can look as soft as yours do. So beautiful!
deets23_,if2nif,"Really happy with my 2nd attempt at cgm! This 2nd try I actually emulsified the gel in my hands with water and also applied it to soaking wet/dripping hair and let it air dry. Now it’s much softer and not as stringy as before. :) (red shirt was first attempt)&&&&&&My routine for this wash day was clarifying with suave daily clarifying shampoo (I would’ve used my Giovanni tea tree triple threat invigorating shampoo but because of the stringiness from attempt 1, I thought I needed to clarify), stc with Giovanni smooth as silk conditioner, rinsed, then reapplied and let it sit in my hair longer, combed with detangling brush, stc a bit more with some water, and rinsed. Emulsified gel in hands and applied to dripping hair and scrunched.&&&And thanks!!&&&How long have you been doing it for? This was just my 2nd try. My first try was stringier and what I did differently this time was apply to really wet hair. I still have a lot to learn though.&&&The first attempt (red shirt) I think my hair was starting to dry as I was applying the gel because I scrunched it first with no product too much so after applying the gel with no emulsifying too, my hair looked stringy and felt rough and was difficult to handle. I had to have my hair up all week&&&Oo like what? I’ve noticed in the shower when stc-ing with conditioner, I have big clumps obviously that aren’t stringy, but that is much harder to have post-shower"
disneymuffin,if2nif,So pretty!
josiefolland,if2nif,"If you ever have more trouble with stringiness, there are curl clumping techniques you can use :)"
From_the_Matriarchy,if0p6q,If I have nothing in my hair it looks straight because my hair is so long. 😂
HeavyDoubles,if0p6q,"I actually love the feel of product free (or at least gel/mouse free) hair! I’m glad to see more post like this!

Edited to add....

I just cannot tolerate true CGM. Great for those who can, I’m actually jealous, but my scalp is FAR too naturally oily for that (hey, I’m a high T women and actually take spironolactone to tone it down 😅). I have to wash my scalp at least 3-4 times a week. If I don’t I will get massive buildup and actually hair loss over time. 


Anyway, I’m glad that there are those on this board who also march to their own beat. 🙏🏻"
Letshavedinner2,if0p6q,"Am I the only one where if I lay on my damp hair it smooths frizz? Also for me, I get frizz if I don’t touch it- soooo smooth if I keep running my hand through it."
MynameisntLinda,if0p6q,same except it's not that long
jalapenohands,if0p6q,"Really proud of my air dried, product free waves!&&&&&&Please ignore the frizz in the back, I laid on my hair while it was damp! Also I flaired this as a good hair day because it was good for me lol

I mostly wanted to share this photo because I’m super proud of my waves and their journey so far, even when not doing the curly girl method. 

I used to wash my hair and then immediately sleep on it (because laziness) which was a really great way to ruin any wave pattern I had. 

I attempted strict CGM last year but it made my scalp kind of mad and I got a lot of buildup. I’ve since just experimented with whatever products I feel like and I think aside from not sleeping on my waves I think the best improvements have been made with just taking better care of my hair! I deep condition more and am generally just more careful with it. I can’t wait to see what it will look like with product and a good diffuse. 

Just in case anyone was wondering, this wash day I used:

Eva NYC Deeptox Exfoliating Shampoo (first time using this, really liked it so far and actually made my hair feel really soft?)

Verb Ghost Shampoo (the Deeptox doesn’t lather a lot in my opinion and I really needed to wash my hair so I brought out a more lathery reinforcement)

Garnier Fructis Treat Damage Repairing 1-Minute Mask, used as a mask (first time use, this was really nice and had great slip for detangling! Will definitely continue using)

And...that’s it! I am in the market for some humidity-friendly styling products so any recommendations would be great. Florida is really rude to my hair and I would like to help it out with the constant high dew points we have.&&&I love the freedom of not following true CGM. I get very uncomfortable with anything restrictive and while I’m sure in some regards I am sacrificing a potential great hair day I’d just rather not fuss with it! I now know the basics of what’s good for my hair and I just stick to that the best I can. It seems to be helping as my waves are a lot more defined than when I was attempting CGM. 

My scalp and build-up issues stem more from hard water, so I’m usually clarifying my scalp more often than would be recommended for CGM and because I have to do that I added silicones back in too since they’ll get rinsed out when I clarify anyway. I ideally I would full on wash my hair every 3-5 days but sometimes I push it a week and that’s definitely a double or triple wash day!

Unless I find a mousse or gel that makes my hair look amazing and not stringy I imagine most of my photos on here will be either product free or maybe with a leave in conditioner!&&&I was laying on it such a way where it was probably being aggravated by my pillow (sitting upright and watching YouTube so I wasn’t that still) so maybe that’s what happened? It’s also really humid right now as it’s hot outside and we’re getting lots of storms. 

My hair seems prone to frizz regardless so I’m actually looking into a silk pillowcase to help with that."
watsontheboxerdog,if0p6q,Same! My hair is just too oily and I’ve tried to ‘train’ it but I’ve come to accept that it’s okay if it’s oily. I can’t stand gel or mousse because I feel like it makes my hair crunchy even when I crunch it out or just really stringy and it looks wet even when it’s dry. I love some of the really milky curl creams because by the time I’ve scrunched the excess out my hair feels as if there is 0 product in it and although the hold is slightly weaker I don’t really mind as cuts down excess frizz and makes my hair look and feel really healthy :)
District_line,if0h6d,"If you comb your hair dry, it will likely destroy the curl pattern for the day/ until you wash or refresh again. That said, if you don't mind or it still looks good for you, then do it. The CGM is a guide with great ideas but it's ok to tweak it to your specific needs."
Thelostbiscuit,if0h6d,"When I have to brush my hair, I stay away from my roots. To get wavy pattern back and help calm the frizz, you can just wet your hair and scrunch. Maybe add mousse or other product."
jennyquackles,if0h6d,"Can I dry comb my hair?&&&I’ve recently starting caring for my natural waves instead of ignoring them, but a big problem I have is that once I’ve been in the wind, my hair becomes one giant knot ball and looks really messy, and I don’t know how to deal with that. Can I gently comb it when dry? Everything I’ve seen says not to ever comb or brush it when dry but I have to do something?"
PadThaiFighters,iey58t,"Candid shot from this morning showing off my S waves :)&&&&&&Routine:

(Every 3 or 4 days or so)

- Shampoo: Cantu Classic Moisturizing Shampoo
- Conditioner: SheaMoisture Coconut & Hibiscus 
- brush hair in shower & rinse with cold water
- Leave in: Cantu Leave-In Conditioner
- “plop” (remove excess moisture) with soft cloth/fabric 
- blow dry top of my head & bangs 
- Apply SheaMoisture Coconut & Hibiscus Curl Milk and Hair Oil (some generic Vit E solution) 
- Diffuse dry"
Wavyhaircare,iex5sp,"Are you new to using gel or mousse, new to not brushing your hair between washes, or washing your hair less often than you used to? If so those are all things that will cause more hair fall in the shower, but not actually more hairfall overall. But it can seem like a lot because it all comes out in the shower."
avakadava,iex5sp,Have you changed your diet in the past month or 2
beakeeper22,iex5sp,"
It could just be that the decreased dry brushing and styling and less frequent washing of the cgm mean that you’re just seeing your normal shed all at once instead of a few times a week. 

Have you seen any discernible thinning? Stress can have a pretty big impact on your hair, and the current pandemic could be having a bigger effect on your stress levels than you realize! Three to six months after a couple of surgeries this year I noticed the increased shedding had thinned my pony to about half of what it used to be... yay. Go see a dermatologist if you’re concerned and have the means to. Good luck!"
broglee,iex5sp,"Is it around this amount? 

https://www.reddit.com/r/curlyhair/comments/dh9gkq/for_all_of_you_who_worry_about_losing_too_much

We shed ~100 hairs a day, and with cgm you aren't brushing as often so the lost hairs just hang out on your head and don't get brushed out. After 3 days that's ~300 hairs and if you brush it out all at once it can seem like you're losing them all at once."
countlesshearts,iex5sp,Yes girl this same thing is happening to me right now. So sad. Discounting use immediately.
pixiequartz,iex5sp,"losing concerning amounts of hair in the shower.&&&whenever i go to detangle my hair it starts falling out a ton, the ball i have of hair at the end of my shower is scary and im not sure what to do. my routine is maui moisture shampoo and conditioner (maybe thats why?) my hair is pretty long but this didnt used to happen. anyone had a similar experience & any shampoo/products/anything to help hair grown and stop this? im very worried&&&i have had pretty much the same routine for a while now, so im not sure. maybe im getting in my head but it looks like i have less hair too&&&yes omg&&&thank you! maybe, its been pretty stressful but i thought i was fine for now hah... 
your help is appreciated:)"
vereliberi,iex5sp,Have your thyroid checked as well!!
SubstantialGiraffe7,ier5lg,2b
dr_drms,ier5lg,What wave type/curl type do i have?&&&
FloraFit,iee4r6,It’s definitely wavy. I know you see a lot of amazing before and after in these parts but for most of us it takes a long time to coax out our true wave pattern. I vote that you should keep at it!
hueiuejue,iee4r6,"is my straight hair actually wavy? pics are after trying CGM for the first time&&&&&&thanks for the encouragement! going to keep trying products then :)&&&decided to try the CGM method for fun on my straight, very fine and thin hair. I think I got some texture/potential waves but I’m not sure! just want to get some confirmation before I go down a rabbit hole of researching and buying products lol

routine i followed:
reset wash with suave clarifying
squished with suave naturals conditioner
LA looks hair gel
plopped
air dryed"
placeholder-here,iee4r6,Definitely wavy!
