index,id,comments
builtthiscityon,g0a8tz,"Looks 2c to me, “wavy whirly”"
val_paI,g0a8tz,Sometimes less is more! Just used Shea Moisture Curl Enhancing Smoothie + diffusing upside down when half dry! Can someone help me figure out my hair type?&&&
xXdoveXx,g0a8tz,"I agree... and I have similar hair. Almost no curl in the first 3"" off my part, then the 2bc starts and i sometimes get a 3a ringlet on the bottom inch. 
I thought chopping off to above shoulder length would lighten and lift the curls on top.... nope. Took me a year to get back to decent longish curls."
Dismal_Explorer,g09l9d,"Shoulder-length and shorter wavy haired friends, what's your wash day routine?&&&in a moment of boredom I chopped my hair into some sort of short-ish arrangement lol, loving it but finding the new length quite different in terms of technique and trying to apply product evenly. all advice welcome!"
Jeschalen,g09l9d,"I usually wash and condition right-side up, doing it upside down with such short hair just feels awkward and clumsy. I don't normally apply styling products to soaking wet hair so I'll scrunch excess water after the shower and plop while I get dressed. 

Once my hair is damp I normally part my hair and apply products with praying hands going side-to-side. Sometimes I'll use a wide tooth comb and brush to make sure product is applied evenly before scrunching. 

I don't diffuse upside down either, I just use Manes By Mell's hover method and air-dry the rest of the way. The only thing I might flip my hair over for is to scrunch out the crunch since I like to fluff my roots a bit that way."
SkipBoat,g096rg,"I think 2b mostly, some pieces 2c, because 2c usually starts from the roots. Also I love your hair, it looks so good!"
idk-callme-whatever,g096rg,"How can I improve my hair?&&&&&&I am totally gonna try this my next wash day! Thank you!!!&&&Hi, I’ve been doing the CG method (very loosely I’m not very strict, I use silicones and I do brush my hair among other things) for about a month now and I need some help. 

My issues are:
- my hair only looks good for one day, the more I refresh the more tangled my hair looks and feels
- my curls don’t clump 
- my hair always feels so tangled and stiff 

My routine is: 
- wash hair (1-2 times a week) with sulfate free shampoo (L’Oréal everpure)
- condition with silicone free conditioner (L’Oréal everpure) I brush my hair then scrunch to condition 
- once every 3 washes will use a hair mask in the shower instead of conditioning (Revlon Uniq One) 
I know you’re not really supposed to use silicones but if I don’t my hair feels even worse)
- On soaking wet hair I will apply (It’s A 10 leave in spray) and brush, I use a table teaser. 
- I apply (Not Your Mother’s Curl Talk Cream) with praying hands then scrunch in sections 
- I do the gel (Not Your Mother’s Curl Talk Gel) I scrunch this into sections
- I use a cotton tee shirt to get out excess moisture and then I plop for 15 minutes 
- diffuse your about 70% on medium to low heat alternating
- once it’s all the way dry I scrunch out the gel cast (usually it’s not everywhere in my hair just some spots) 

To sleep:
- I do a pineapple and wrap in cotton tee same way I would plop and then I sleep 
- when I get up I spray my hair and try to finger detangle some because it’s so knotted then scrunch a lot. Then I let it dry 

I don’t know if there is a different method to use or if I should use different products; any advise would help! Also I can’t tell what hair type I have (2b maybe 3a?) or am I totally off? THANKS IN ADVANCE :)"
kaylee533,g096rg,"Your hair looks lovely! A few tricks I've picked up over time:

1. I sleep in a bonnet. I have short hair now so a pineapple isn't an option anymore, but I started wearing a bonnet to bed when I had my long hair and it helps me a ton! It should help prevent tangles, which will let you skip the detangling, preserve your clumps/curls, and hopefully get some extra days out of your hair! I got a super cheap one from Walmart for a few bucks and it works great. I love Manes by Mell on YouTube; here's her video on bonnets and nighttime routines: https://youtu.be/agaIvWIaumU

2. Another commenter mentioned they prefer not having their hair super wet. Personally, I find my hair clumps better when my hair is really wet! Try experimenting with different amounts of water to see what your hair likes!

3. Another thing that helps me is brushing to style. I use a denman brush and it works wonders for me. Pretty much any brush works in a pinch, but the denman brush works the best for me.

4. Watch a bunch of YouTube videos! I spent a long time watching Manes by Mell; she has a ton of advice that is applicable to pretty much all hair types. And try finding YouTubers with a hair similar texture. I basically got a bunch of ideas from YouTubers and then started experimenting one wash day at a time to see what I liked best.

Hope some of this helps 😊"
wavycourtney,g096rg,"hi! your hair looks very similar to mine! 
- for me, to help with clumping I make sure to distribute my product evenly with a brush and then I take horizontal sections (about the size of each wave) and use a (fake) denman brush or wet brush to define each section. I brush through my hair and then twirl the brush at the end, shake, then scrunch.
- as for refreshing,I've found my hair feels and looks the bests when I don't add a ton of water. I will usually take a small amount of gel, mix it with water and use praying hands over my hair, then lightly scrunch
- btw if ur strict CG I just wanted to tell u I think its a 10 leave in has a water soluble silicone in it! 
hope this helps a bit!"
Jessachelle,g00wwz,"I’m sorry you’ve gotten so little feedback. When I started the curly girl method I had wavy hair, no ringlets. My hair has transitioned some now (4 months in) and some of my waves are ringlets. I started with Suave Daily Clarifying for my reset wash and Tresseme Botanicals for my conditioner, Cantu Coconut Curling Cream and LA Looks yellow or blue for my gel. Typically you start with the Suave to reset your hair - it has sulfates in it and will get rid of silicones and buildup in your hair. You don’t have to use this every time you wash because it’s really clarifying. Some people use it once a month, some every 2 weeks etc. it will depend on how much buildup you get in your hair with styling etc. The Cantu shampoo and conditioner should be fine if you like them and they work for you. The main thing about this method is to get your hair back to it’s natural, healthy state and that usually means avoiding sulfates, silicones, parabans, heat and waxes. There are plenty of wavy/curly people that dye their hair. You just want to avoid the really harsh dyes and take good care of your hair. Some wavies can’t go multiple days without washing and that’s fine. Have you tried any cowashes? I’ve had luck getting more definition with finger coiling and styling upside down. As your hair gets healthier your waves should start showing in your roots. Clipping is more for volume unless you are doing pin curls. Wash days are when you do the whole she-bang from start to finish (not the clarifying shampoo unless you have buildup) so wash with a sulfate free shampoo/lo-poo, condition and then do your stylers. Refresh rarely works for me but on the rare occasion it has I have had to rewet my hair completely and apply a little more gel and diffuse or air dry depending on your preference. A cowash is just a way to wash your hair with conditioner. I dont know if anything I said makes sense or helps but if I can help in any way just let me know. Oh! And check out Swavy Curly Courtney on YouTube - she has wavy hair and explains everything amazingly easy to understand! 🧡"
bb-yoda-ina-bonnet,g00wwz,"I think you may not have gotten any feedback because this is a lot of labor/questions to put on everyone else.. maybe read the beginner’s guide, watch some YouTube videos and do some research yourself to cover the more basic Q’s and then crowdsource for specific questions that other people might benefit from, too."
iwasnotmagnificient,g00wwz,"Yes, Courtney is good.  Pretty sure she has a newbie video.  I’d say I’ve got 2B/2C waves so pretty similar to you.  I have super long hair and scalp issues too.  Cantu is probably too heavy for you.  I had good luck with moptop products in the beginning.  Still do but I’ve been learning how to cowash in a way that works for me."
menchekia,g00wwz,"I have wavy/curly hair (2C/3A) that is color treated.  I do fantasy colors so my hair is bleached every 16 weeks or so.  It is very fine as well.

So, personally, I think wavies have to be a little more picky with our products & routines as too much moisture will pull our waves out.  If you have fine hair, even more so because it will go limp and lifeless with no texture quicker than sticking your head in a grease bucket.

I use a matching shampoo & conditioner that is designed for colored hair.  So no sulfates & such to preserve my color.  Once shampoo touches my head, I only use cold water to rinse both the shampoo & conditioner.  I use both, never just cowash cuz that's too much for my hair.  I put conditioner on the ends and finger comb out the tangles which gets a little bit on the roots, but not a lot.

Honestly, I never clarify either since I get my hair done on the regular.  Figure the coloring process does that for me.  Since you color your hair, careful with clarifying as it can pull out your color.  Every once in a while, I might deep condition shortly after bleaching; it depends on how much bleaching was involved in any color change I might do.

Products need to not be too heavy.  Look for mousses, foams, and things labeled ""featherlight"" or ""lightweight.""  Sometimes I use gel, sometimes I don't; depends on how much definition I want.  And scrunch the hell out of it.  Scrunch in the products.  Scrunch the coax the curls to form.  Scrunch until your arms hurt.

Up to you if want to diffuse or air dry.  I know I get more defined curls with diffusing but more volume with air drying.

2and & 3rd day, my roots look like trash without dry shampoo but I can't really work that without screwing up the curls.  So I use volume sprays.  I like Ouai's Texturizing spray.  It's like hairspray & dry shampoo combined.  My roots aren't greasy & I still get volume."
mercurys-daughter,g00wwz,The curly hair sub has a whole wiki for beginners that answers basically all of this
pineapplexnunchucks,g00wwz,"Posted on curlyhair a few days ago and didn’t get one comment. Feeling pretty crappy about trying to retrain my 2b/2c colored hair. Help appreciated.&&&I’m not too sure about that I might have been doing wrong with my hair routine and would like clarification, tips, advice. 

I have red hair (not bleached) and usually wash it with cool water anyway to preserve the color. I try not to shampoo too often (as now I’m quarantined so what’s the point), only about once a week. I also try to not use shampoo with sulfates, but I know I need to clarify. 
- Best shampoo?? Do I need to use the matching conditioner??
- I’ve been using Cantu shampoo and cowash/conditioner for the longest but tried out Cake shampoo/conditioner for curly hair and wasn’t a big fan. 

My roots S U C K. My waves are decent on the first day but roots are trash. 
- Best way to improve this without clipping?? (I’ve started finger curling recently)

My day 2+ is also trash. My waves are more stringy than clumps and don’t form as well. 
- Any refresh tips/routines that work well for 2b peeps, with or without colored hair??

Aaannnnddddd wash days/routines. I’m so confused on wash day with clarifying shampoo vs no sulfates and cowashes and when all of this is supposed to happen. 
- Anyone with a CGM for dummies cheat sheet out there??
- Native Floridian now living in Ohio and not used to this weather change and need advice 😩😩😩


Sorry for the lengthy post but.... it’s quarantine and now’s the perfect time to ask, right?! And I’m on mobile so please forgive me. 



Thanks wavy n curly peeps!! Much love xx


Edit: Thank you all for your help, advice, and routines!! I have it a couple of days to see what came of it as I was put off from my last attempt and I can’t thank you enough!!&&&Thank you!! I remember looking through so many subs and getting confused (I overthink literally everything).&&&Thanks a ton for the insight!! I only wash and condition with cold water to preserve the red, even before CGM. I never really thought of volume sprays before but I thank you for mentioning it so I can keep an eye out. I’m just worried that my hair will never curl at the root!! 😢&&&Thank you for that!! I continued doing more research with hints of what to look for specifically to not be so overwhelmed and I actually had a fantastic washday yesterday with OGX Moroccan shampoo and Hask curl conditioner. Turns out my hair really needed protein!!&&&Thank you sooooo much for this!! I’ve tried taking and finger coiling on wash and refresh and it’s pretty hit or miss. I do the micro plopping and regular plopping depending on the day and products use. I honestly think I just try too many things within a short amount of time (roughly two weeks) and think I need to learn more patience. 

I’ve saved A LOT of info from swavy Courtney but also watch Manes by Mel and her sister Amanda to follow the techniques and such. I suppose it depends on the products and way I style (using a Denman brush vs raking and coiling). I did just pic up new products for basic wash day, like Suave shampoo and conditioner for an actual cleanse and I’m hoping this will help restart my journey properly. I had to straighten my hair for an interview on Sunday and I don’t want to mess with it too much right now.&&&It really does and thank you so much!! I find if I want more defined curls really quick, to go out or something, I’ll use AsIAm coconut cowash and use a cream or Aunt Jackie’s flaxseed gel, scrunch and air dry in my car with the heat on blast first. 🤭 Other than that, I haven’t had too much experience in what I’m doing right/wrong as I’ve just now learned about finger coiling!! My hair is quite long and layered and finger coiling is really tiresome for me, but I’m trying to remain positive!!

Thank you so much for explaining and clarifying the process for me. I’m worried of using the Suave too much as I don’t want my hair to lighten or fade since I moved and my hairdresser is way back in Florida and I have no way of re-dying my hair. 😭😭😭"
raymemanta,g00wwz,"My hair isn't colored, but I am a 2b fine haired wavy - the wiki on the curly girl sub has a LOT of basic info - if you haven't looked at it, I highly reccomend it as a starting point. Best shampoo is basically anything with no silicone I believe? There are resources for low poo. My understanding is to really only shampoo when you feel the need to (product build up, too much oil for comfort, etc). Personally I shampoo every other day. I just started using the Not Your Mother's Sea Kale & Coconut Water shampoo/conditioner and I'm a fan so far. But you don't have to use the matching sets if you have personal preferences that work for you. The roots issue may just be that that's the way your hair grows. My roots are straight but then my hair starts waving/curling. That may change as your hair continues to get healthier with good moisture and little/no heat. Mine really haven't yet but I'm only a couple months in my process. As for refresh, I still haven't got that down yet. Have been trying a bunch of different suggestions...I made a post a little while ago and got some suggestions if you want to check out my post history."
zippychick78,g00wwz,"Hi I'm a wavy gal with dyed red hair. Im.8weeks on and still learning. It's a massive learning curve!  It can be so overwhelming. I was recommended india batson a lot but actually I prefer swavy courtney as mentioned previously. 

My first biggest mistake was buying too many products, and changing too many things at once. Now, i only ever change one thing at a time while washing. I think if it like a controlled experiment ☺️ this way I know what works (that's the theory) 

I tried co washing but my hair was greasy the same day hence using no poo shampoo. 

I wash my hair once a week with no poo (xhc strawberry. Uk product but it's for example sake). I condition with garnier food hair coconut or papaya. At the beginning i conditioned, rinsed, then added leave in, and added conditioner to my refresh spray. The result was over conditioning which I'm trying to undo now. So i no poo shampoo, condition, Comb with wide tooth Comb, rinse most conditioner out using cold water (to close the cuticle). 

I apply tesco extreme hold gel while sopping wet.I'm going to change this next wash because my hair doesn't seem to be able to absorb the product through the water. So I'm going to try simply adding gel when there's much less water in my hair (see. Micro plopping below) 

Plopping turns my hair to frizz, loads have success using t shirt or microfibre towel. Look up plopping video from swavy courtney. I've started to micro plop, which just means scrunching a lot of the moisture out with microfibre towel or t shirt. I prefer natural drying so i am trialling removing as much water as possible with the scrunch using the tshirt. Then dry naturally. Must try flipping hair from side to side during 🤔  of i don't remove the excess moisture my hair will take hours and hours and hours to dry. 

I tried diffusing but I'm quite lazy and I didn't get on so well with it so may return to it at a later stage. 

Refresh I use plain water and refresh section by section. So i spray with water and am currently trying different techniques for adding a dab of gel to each section. Most don't need to do this. The idea is the water should reactivate the existing product in your hair so play about with this and see what works. As my hair doesn't seem to absorb the product, that's why I'm adding a little gel on refresh.

You can scrunch in product, rope it or rake it. I'm experimenting with roping cause I watched swavy courtney do it in one of her videos. 

Uhhhh I'm going to try a rice rinse to see how my hair reacts to protein. I have a lot of frizz but that will also be related to the over conditioning. 

Ummmm I'm sorry if you didn't get help, did you post a picture. I thin that gets more attention. I ask a lot (far too many) questions, so I put up a post the other day and didn't get a lot of answers as I think I just put too many questions 😂 🥺

I've really had to learn patience 
 Stop, relax, read, learn, absorb. I watched most of india. Batsons videos but I learn a lot more from watching swavy courtney so I'm gonna do a bit of a binge through her videos and see what I can pick up. I've read so much now, my wee brain gets a bit overloaded. 

I can't now read your questions without losing this text so I'll reread. Have a look at my posts and I'd be happy to help you if possible. There's are so many techniques and variations and products. I bought cantu curl Cream and used it once to learn it was far too heavy for wavy hair. Wavy hair just weighs down so easily.  I didn't really understand all the oils can be pretty weighty on wavy hair. 

I have cantu shampoo to do a clean out wash, but I think it's a bit harsh on colour so I've only used it once . I may try using an old herbal Essence shampoo instead (which contains sulphates) as a one off every so often to clarify my hair. 

It's a minefield. Sometimes i can be 10 days without washing (health problems). Today I'm on day 6 and got pretty good waves but it feels rubbish 😂 definitely needs washed. 

There's a girl on YouTube called suhannah something. I've not looked at her stuff in a while but it's on my list to do. Shes wavy but gets incredible results. She uses a lot of products which put me off but I think now it would be helpful to see her techniques and ignore the products. 

Sorry, bit rambly. I know how you feel though! 

🤗 ♥

Edit Suhannah de silva is her name 
This post I think I've hidden by accident from my page https://www.reddit.com/r/CurlyHairUK/comments/fxxkt9/wavy_progress/?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share
People say to clarify once a month I think. Also try learn if your hair feels full of product or unclean.. Did you not find the cantu shampoo stripped your color? Ive been fastidious in only using cgf products since I started. I'm going to try the sulfates as I read wavies can benefit from the odd wash.
Jump on the curly uk page if you're not already. You can still learn a lot reading. This post is great https://www.reddit.com/r/CurlyHairUK/comments/7k9ahe/pinned_post_of_useful_information/?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share"
ManyLintRollers,fzxlt2,"I do not use shampoo;  I co-wash with Suave Naturals conditioner.  It is about 99 cents at the supermarket.  For conditioner, I use Shea Moisture Curl & Shine, and for products Shea Moisture Curl Enhancing Smoothie.  If I use a gel, LA Looks Sport Gel.  All of these products are available at my local pharmacies and supermarkets (I live in Massachusetts)."
Spy_on_the_Inside,fzxlt2,Target has a decent selection of products. So does Ulta. And Trader Joe's carries a tea tree shampoo that is great for clarifying.
_humanERROR_,fzxlt2,Where do you get silicone and sulfate free products??&&&So online is not really an option right now because of the lockdown and it's expensive. I asked 3 different pharmacies if they had and they didn't. Can you find something in a supermarket? Do I have to get them from a salon?
gennacompanatico,fzxlt2,Trader Joe’s tea tree shampoo and conditioner!
miamcb16,fzxlt2,"I have Love Beauty & Planet shampoo and conditioner, which I got at Target and you can also find at Walgreens. Those are sulfate/silicone free, but may still have alcohols, I'm not sure. Those are awesome and smell great!"
pishisiayh,fzxlt2,Depends on where you live
sunshine-1111,fzxlt2,Online can be a great option since they can then be shipped directly to you.  If you are looking for some budget friendly options try looking at Target and Ulta’s websites.  Products usually have their ingredients listed in the product description.
lu9352na,fzfu3q,"It’s beautiful, I would totally be happy with your hair 👍🏻"
menne4ever,fzfu3q,Have your curls become more springy after you cut your hair? I'm still curious how much the length and therefore weight weighs down curls.
millenial_britt,fzfu3q,"Love how it looks, they're very sweet, uniform mermaid waves..I'd be very happy with that. Good job."
professionalhippo1,fzfu3q,That’s what I’m trying to figure out - the best results I can get with a practical routine
samanthakaydean,fzfu3q,"Sorry for the bad quality picture. Routine in comments.&&&&&&I had kind of given up on the CGM. I didn't like the feeling of gel in my hair and I hate going anywhere with that 'wet' feeling, but I also didn't want to diffuse. I recently cut off about 8 inches. So I stopped trying. But I did stick to sulfate free shampoo and conditioner just because I know they're better to use. Well today I got lazy and didnt comb it at all, just co washed with not your mother's sea kelp conditioner (you know the one, blue bottle) scrunched a bit with a t shirt and let air dry. I'm not saying they're the best looking but when I factor in what I'm not willing to do everyday, I'd say they aren't so bad. I think I found a happy medium for me 😊&&&Thanks girl!&&&This is the sweetest! Thank you so much 💛&&&I honestly thought they would but they're the exact same as before I cut them. Darn haha"
zippychick78,fzfu3q,I know what you mean about results versus effort. I'm all for the natural dry!your hair looks great 😁
WeAreStarless,fyyylv,what do you mean? i think it looks very pretty as it is!
briefondue,fyyylv,"If you still want to cut your hair, have you heard of the unicorn cut? I’ve done it twice now and it’s worked out great. I have curlier hair than you though so it probably hides the imperfections but take a look at some YouTube videos on the technique and decide if it’s for you."
improbablysohigh,fyyylv,"My very overdue hair appointment was canceled due to everything that is going on rn, is there anything I can do with this? Or do I need to smooth it straight?&&&"
ItchyFlamingo,fyssrd,I did the same and my hair looked like yours until I started using Olaplex 3 and doing CGM a month ago.
JeTaime1987,fyssrd,You need to use stylers that’s why your roots are oily and your ends are dry. Give CGM a try. If you don’t want to do that then at least try a leave in and styling cream.
TheCanadianRedhead,fyssrd,"My hair looks exactly like this without product! I would definitely recommend cgm, it saved me from thinking I just had bad hair."
auntruckus,fyssrd,"Honestly, mine is exactly the same way and I've been trying CGM for a month now. Best thing I took away from it was using ample conditioner in the shower and drying my hair upside down with a t-shirt (usually I'd sleep with it tied up around my head). Aside from that, nothing yet has really worked. Hopefully someone can give you advice I can follow, too!"
fritzrits,fyssrd,Get into the habit of getting your hair trimmed every 6 weeks to 4 months depending on your hair goals or maintenance. This will keep your hair looking healthy and prevent split ends from traveling up and causing more damage. You should definitely get the damaged part cut off but I wouldn't cut it all off.&&&Everyone has different hair. You can wash your hair more often if you have oily hair. You dont need to wash once a week because it works for someone else. You know your hair best so create a routine that works for you.
millenial_britt,fyssrd,"I definitely think starting CCM will help, it's just so gentle on the hair. Those ends do look fried, sometimes it's best just to cut it all off and start fresh. A lot of people starting CGM seem to have a big chop at first."
witchofheavyjapaesth,fyssrd,"My hair looks like shit. Oily on top and always dry and frizzy at the bottom and always knotting. What can I do to fix it? Or should I cut it off and start again? More info in comments&&&&&&I don’t style my hair with anything, ever. No straighteners or blow dryers or products. I dyed it blonde years ago and only the tips remain from that job. It’s always air dried and I try to give it a few days in between washes. Brushing it is horrendous, and I’m frustrated as I’ll brush it all through and then it will have more tangles afterwards.&&&Thanks for taking the time to comment!! I’m going to look into GCM but it’s a bit much financially and physically so I’ll take some tips etc and experiment. I hope you can get your hair sorted eventually, this suuucks&&&Thanks so much for commenting! I might get my blonde tips off at least tbh"
blvshbaby,fyo38t,Same here!
fritzrits,fyo38t,Nice waves and your eyes are so pretty.
orangutanhappiness,fyo38t,"I feel you!! I started yesterday and can’t tell if I’m scrunching too hard or if there’s actual potential. Let’s do this together! Worst case scenario we end up with some lazy waves for a minute, and we don’t add them to the family photo album. Best case: we get the waves/curls of our dreams!"
rachelcorinne,fyo38t,"I straighten my hair every day, but tried the curly girl method for the first time today. Now, I’m not sure if it’s actually this wavy or if I’m just did lots of scrunching.&&&&&&I just*&&&Yes!! I’ll try it. I have nothing better to do right now. Haha. Which products are you using?&&&Thank you!!&&&Mine is frizzy, too. Especially, today. I haven’t checked if these are CGM approved. I just went with whatever I already had, so yesterday, I used... Biolage Normalizing Clean Reset Shampoo, Tresemme Nourish and Replenish Conditioner, and Got2B ultraglued syling gel. 

Today, I just washed and conditioned with the same conditioner and used the same gel. It looks WAY worse than this pic from yesterday. Lol."
sanascilla,fyo38t,My hair looks similar to yours (but is mostly still frizzy :')) Can I ask what products you're using?
theonewhobakez,fym9py,Lovin' My Hair ❤️&&&
Catbug_15,fyfwxf,"YAY! 😍🥳 

What wash, masks, and styling products do you use? I haven’t started just yet but I’ve been researching for two weeks 😔"
professionalhippo1,fyfwxf,"I started CGM 3 weeks ago when I noticed some slight wave in the under layer of my hair. At the time I was thinking I might have 2A hair. 7 wash days in and today I found this! 🥳&&&&&&So since I am so new to this process and since I started during the pandemic I’ve had to get products by ordering online. They all arrived at different times so I haven’t repeated a wash day with the exact same routine yet. 

The products I used for this routine was:

Ion purify chelating shampoo (I have really hard water), Jessicurl aloeba daily conditioner, Blueberry bliss reparative conditioner, Jessicurl rocking ringlets, Jessicurl spiralicious gel 

Most of my hair was a hot mess, but that one curl has given me renewed hope lol. I’m currently trying to find a combo that gives me good hold without weighing me down. I have long hair that is all one length so I can’t get any layers cut until everything settles back down so that’s a fine balance.&&&Other products I have are: suave daily clarifying shampoo, jessicurl gentle lather shampoo, as I am coconut co-wash, jessicurl deep conditioning treatment, LA looks extreme sports gel, and jessicurl awe inspiraling spray.

Some things I am waiting to arrive to try are: Shea moisture repair and anti breakage spray, curls blueberry aloe curl moisturizing mist, and herbal essence totally twisted mousse."
elianna7,fy11cl,It’s tough to say. If you get to stay home all the time now I’d definitely suggest just trying a bunch of stuff and seeing what works!
kittypuppet,fy11cl,Do you clarify wash occasionally? I find that I have to do a clarify wash every two weeks or so just because my hair holds onto buildup like it's nobody's business.
m3lodydash69,fy11cl,U might need some type of protein .
ml_mooney,fy11cl,"Losing My Waves&&&Hi there! I have naturally wavy hair, but it’s losing its wave. I’m sure it’s partly because I need a haircut but that’s not exactly an option right now. Everything I’ve found online is for curly hair, but I don’t exactly have tight curls, so I’m not sure if I should use their methods. I have a lot of hair, but the actual strands are fine. Does anyone know how to get your natural waves back without a haircut?&&&oh good point!! how do you clarify wash?"
professionalhippo1,fy11cl,What’s your routine?
trevorishy,fy11cl,"I have fine hair too and I cant use thick curl creams to style my hair and cowashing makes my hair greasy. But I have to use a gel, following the curly girl method. Ifyou havent been using a gel or mousse, it can help your hair to stay wavy from wet hair to dry, as it might get loosened as your hair grew longer."
DaddyMalfoy,fxzid2,Im coming to this realization. Ive been frustrated with this for over 8 months!
Sylvss1011,fxzid2,"Went product free for the first time since going cg 2 months ago and I’m really surprised at how good it looks! My hair feels SUPER light and soft&&&&&&And holy crap it dried 80000 times faster than usual. It’s more frizzy and less defined for sure, but it’s wavier than I expected it to be. I just used prose shampoo and conditioner"
lizzyborden321,fxzid2,I realized the same thing after trying CGM unsuccessfully for a year. My hair looked better when I didnt use all CGM products. I guess its not for me!
GimmeANamePlsPlsPls,fxo48j,"When you diffuse, do you sort of scrunch your hair with the diffuser attachment or do you use the hover method? If you're scrunching the ends up with the bowl of the diffuser, I'd recommend trying the hover method. Here's a good video from Manes by Mell: [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s7VoPWK-wEo&t=393s](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s7VoPWK-wEo&t=393s)

If you already diffuse this way, then I don't have any suggestions :/ Best of luck though!"
Jeschalen,fxo48j,"Have you tried the smasters method while diffusing? My clumps are normally small as it is because my hair is so fine/thin, but that helps me a lot."
LittleBlue91,fxo48j,Silk/satin t-shirt? Might reduce the friction.
Sharkelberryfinn,fxo48j,"I've been trying to get wavy hair for a year and I've never been able to get a cast. I've tried probably 8 different gels, mousses and cremes and  nothing.  I have thick coarse hair that also takes 6 hours to dry

The best I can find is to sleep in a mesh shower cap. It let's my hair dry while I sleep without it getting too frizzy."
bookraven4,fxo48j,"Clothes preventing a gel cast on hair lengths&&&I get a great gel cast in my roots because they aren’t touching anything, but my lengths get the cast brushed out of them from contact with my clothes. I try and keep my head still as I can while air drying but my hair takes about 6 hours minimum to dry so movement is inevitable. 

Diffusing makes my hair frizzy and breaks the clumps so I’d prefer air dry. I also find with diffusing, I get no gel cast at all.

I’m wondering if anyone else has this problem and/or how to prevent it?&&&good idea! maybe i can wrap one of my satin pillow cases around my shoulders for a few hours&&&I’ve tried both methods and they both break up my clumps. After diffusing even to 50% dry it looks like I’ve dry brushed! Thanks so much though!&&&i haven’t heard of it! thanks for the suggestion, i’ll do some research and some experimenting"
elianna7,fxo48j,try plopping! I get a great cast
kayyyyteeee,fxo48j,Check out @wavycurly on insta. You may need to microplop before adding gel and then try hammock diffusing
zenandshine,fxo48j,"I don't get a cast when I'm over moisturized. Is it possible your hair has too much moisture on the ends, but the roots are not? I've noticed as my non damaged hair grows out it reacts a lot differently at the roots than my length."
Bsea91,fxaium,I sometimes use neutral protein filler from Sally's and mix it with my leave in or gel.
Catbug_15,fxaium,Protein&&&Any recommendations for products with protein?&&&I put it in my chart! Thank you :)&&&Woah I didn’t even know this was an option! Thank you :)&&&Oh I’ve been looking into this product! Thank you :)
Sylvss1011,fxaium,"I use Shea moisture makuna yogurt and honey protein and moisture mask and it works for me! It doesn’t have just an incredible a amount of protein in it, but I have low porosity hair so it’s perfect for me. I use it as a conditioner on days I clarify"
professionalhippo1,fxaium,Blueberry bliss reparative leave in conditioner
