index,id,comments
crystallison,ffimyd,What do you do with your hair when you go to sleep? Pineapple?
ellencat,ffimyd,"Hey! I apply all my products to soaking wet hair, then scrunch with a microfiber towel. After this, I plop for about 20-30mins which really helps to take the water out of my hair. I just let everything air dry without touching it for a few hours, and occasionally I'll apply more gel and use my microfibre towel to scrunch throughout this time. I find this can sometimes break up my clumps but I get nice volume and it definitely doesn't take away from my style the next day. Being totally honest, I let my hair dry as much as possible then I hover diffuse and quickly diffuse for about 10 minutes before I go to bed - my hair really wouldn't have any volume or dry nicely without this. I leave the crunch in overnight and scrunch out the next morning and I find this works well for me!"
ontariogiraffes56,ffimyd,"Tips for Air Drying?&&&My hair takes forever to diffuse, but I’m worried that if I let it air dry is will lack volume and definition. TIA"
rowurboat,ffimyd,"clip For the first few minutes, 10-20, and then once the roots begin to dry alternate flipping your hair back and forth, from side to side, anywhere from 5-15 mins on each side."
SpookayDerGhost,ff11hp,"Help my hair please - after years of damage and straightening, I'm convinced I have wavy hair. I've had ringlets, and other signs but I've ignored them until today. I have no clue how to work with my natural hair, and want to make it not frizzy and dry. Any advice wanted.&&&&&&Thank you!!&&&Would a brush with many bristles help if I did brush it dry? Or would it still be bad?"
WilliamDententons,ff11hp,Avoid brushing your hair when it’s dry
agisha33,ff11hp,"Try using some mousse to help define the curls after you shower, I would recommend the not your mothers one"
allnonsense24,ff11hp,"From what you've said, the best thing right now I can say is take a break from heat tools and to hydrate👏your👏hair👏

I won't go into specifics since everyone's hair is different, but in the case of my fine hair, I use oil and at the heaviest I use leave-in milk because any heavier really weighs down my hair. Thicker hair will need more hydration with something thicker and you may want to go through this subreddit or r/curlyhair for some deep conditioning mask recommendations.

As someone who used to straighten and damaged my hair before I embraced my natural hair, it will take a while until you see your wave become stronger but as a start, you may want to get some layers so the waves aren't as stretched out from the weight.

Hope this gets you started and I wish you the best!"
-demesne-,feytku,"I still use sulphates, just because I have a lot of products in my bathroom still to use from Philip Kingsley and Grow Gorgeous that I'm not wasting. I still do all the techniques, but again, I love the ORS curl jelly which has sulphates in. When I finish it I'll probably move to the curl smoothie they do which is CGM but right now I'm just using up products I have. I'm 2b/2c low porosity so even if I went full cgm, I'd still use lowpoo instead of Co wash just because my hair gets buildup so quickly and my current routine really works for me."
Jeschalen,feytku,"I've been struggling with a lot of new hair growth from health-related hair loss and I wanted a routine I could use that would help my hair look better since I am trying to avoid too much damage from heat styling or dyeing. I started reading about the CGM because I was already using a low-poo shampoo and silicone-free conditioner so I thought CGM could offer ways to style and dry my hair that is naturally wavy but that I used to blow-dry straight.

My hair is very thin/fine and it's also quite short (bob length just past my ears) so many products and styling techniques in CGM don't work great for me. I'm experimenting with how to use the products I have and when I use them (wet or damp, brushed vs. raked vs. praying hands). I don't have the disposable income to throw away products I already have and that my hair seems to like well enough. I also don't want to keep buying new products to try when I'm not even sure which product(s) or ingredients may be a problem.

My goal is ultimately a low-maintenace haircare routine so using more than one styling product doesn't appeal to me (I currently rotate between a mousse or gel while I experiment). I don't like that diffusing my hair takes longer than regular blow-drying, but it's one trade-off I am willing to make right now because I like the results and my hair feels less dry overall. I do shower and wash my hair almost every day.

I consider haircare very similar to skincare - there are general ideas about what is ""good"" or ""not good"" for us, but it's up to each person to figure out what works best for them."
KaylaTheFox,feytku,"I follow CGM partially by avoiding silicon and sulfates (except when I feel too much product buildup/2weeks) My hair would feel way to oily if I would cowash so instead I only shampoo every 3-4 days, condition and wash out on day 1, and if I see a lot of looser hairs and lack of clumping (when hairs wet and thrown over) I'll apply a lighter leave-in conditioner. Over the past few weeks I've been trying gel, mouse, and a diffuser out. Mouse didnt have enough hold and my hair had lacked clumping with lots of flyaways. Gel ended up looking pretty [good](https://i.imgur.com/ERv00f4.jpg) once I figured out application and plopping/diffusing technique. Only brushing hair when dripping wet and if gel was in my hair then avoiding brushing fingers through it, or messing with it too much. 

The biggest thing I learned was how to really feel out what my hair needed and what application techniques and products worked or not."
Lemonellia,feytku,"Those who quit CGM or choose to only follow it partly, why?&&&Hi  wavies!

&#x200B;

I see a lot of people on this sub and r/curlyhair that have absolutely amazing results using CGM. Very occasionally however, I read posts in which curlies and wavies state that CGM does not work for them. I have been on and off CGM for 5 years now myself and tried different techniques and products using online guides. I would get expensive curlsys cuts at the hair salon and treated silicone like the devil.

Unfortunately I still have not seen the improvement in my hair I would like to see.  Although I learned a lot from CGM (for example, that my hair is very protein sensitive), I think it is time for me and CGM to part ways. 

So now I'm curious, those who previously quit CGM, when did you decide CGM wasn't for you and why? And which rules do you still follow? I would love to hear your stories.

&#x200B;

Have a lovely day :).&&&It sure is time consuming! Especially because my hair dries so much slower with all those products in it. It takes a couple of hours to try when using those gels everyone loves so much. Co-washing really weighs my hair down too. Do you do clarifying washes every now and then now that you are not strictly on CGM anymore or do you avoid sulfates altogether?

Thanks for sharing :)&&&I feel you. I had more of a 3A texture as a child. It is now more of a 2b. But hair also naturally changes over time due to hormones and such. I thought that if I couldn't have straight hair I must make it super curly. I was obsessed with getting it curly instead of healthy.

Waves have their own charm. So let's embrace our hair the way it is :). Thanks for sharing!&&&Hi there, I have the exact same problem with the brushing. If I flip my head the back ends up really frizzy and weird looking, a bit crooked maybe? It also made me wonder if I was doing something wrong. I use a tangle teaser in the shower and don't brush or s2c upside down anymore.&&&I love your comparison. It really is very similar indeed. The figuring out part can be quite frustrating and take a really long time. But by the end of the day, we all have unique features and needs. 

Good luck! :)&&&I'm glad you found something that works for you! Thank you for sharing.&&&I'm sorry to hear you have not had success yet. Damage can be something very difficult to deal with. I wish you the best of luck!&&&Your waves look so pretty! Thank you for sharing ;)&&&Hi, wow that sounds painful! I'm glad you have less inflammation and hair loss now that you wash more often. This is the first time I heard about sub-derm. Some rules of the CGM are followed by people very religiously, while in reality everyone has different problems.

Thanks for sharing and good luck!"
SolairSyd,feytku,what is CGM?
TheCanadianRedhead,feytku,I shampoo my hair every single day. Second day hair for me looks and feels disgusting. I follow everything else.
allnonsense24,feytku,"For me, I found the CGM just too time consuming and intensive to be sustainable for my lifestyle. Not only that, I found my hair to be more dry and product build-up occuring faster and more frequently on my head. 

Today I still avoid sulfates in my shampoo and will occasionally plop my hair with an old t-shirt, but the products I use has been reduced to just oil and leave-in conditioner after a wash and my hair doesn't feel so weighed down or get oily faster since I don't cowash much anymore"
p0wderedwater,feytku,"Hey there! Still trying to figure out my hair. So far I have deviated from CGM with the following: I use sulfates, I don't co-wash.

 I've been silicone free for probably 4 years now unless I get exposed to it at a salon. I've also been trying to stretch my wash days for about 3 years now, to no avail. The advice that ""your scalp will get used to it and start regulating its own sebum production"" and that ""your scalp is actually really dry and is over producing oil to compensate when it really needs more moisture"" have never been true for me. I have to wash my hair every other day, no questions and it's helped my scalp integrity because I am not letting it sit in it's own sebum for days. I also feel this is healthier for me because I have seb-derm which is caused by a yeast over population that actually feeds on sebum and oils and causes inflammation. After 2 days of no washing my scalp physically hurts and moving my hair around is painful. This is directly tied to the amount of sebum buildup feeding the yeast which in turn causes inflammation of the scalp. Nothing I have tried has led to a decrease in sebum production, and I wouldn't dare co wash or pre poo with additional oil that would just feed more yeast. I also use sulfates to be sure that I am sufficiently cleaning my scalp of oils and sebum to keep the inflammation and yeast population down. 

This all sounds kind of scary when I read it, but I believe a lot of people have this same issue and don't know it. I don't have any skin flaking, breakouts, red skin or any outward signs of seb-derm other than my scalp hurts after 2 days of not washing it. After 3 years with nothing changing my sebum production, I've just learned that this is how I need to care for my scalp and healthy hair starts there. I've seen a lot less hair loss, due to less inflammation and I only condition on my ends. The frequency of every other day has also helped my ends stay healthy since they are getting conditioned and gently detangled. I don't ever brush or comb my hair outside of the shower so washing this often also leads to less detangling and less damage from manipulating my hair while wet to detangle it. 

The other CGM things I am considering straying from are dry shampoo that are normally not approved formulas, and I don't use any heavy creams or oils on my hair. Considering these for all of the same reasons above, to care for my scalp. 

Okay essay over 😂"
pipermick,feytku,"Some of it ended up being too heavy for my hair, I found my hair did better with some non CG approved products, and I didn't like how time consuming/all consuming my hair became.

Also, I started CG to embrace my natural hair but found myself trying too hard to have curlier and curlier hair, and being disappointed with my natural hair, and it seemed I was doing the opposite of what I was supposed to be doing (by again not embracing my natural hair and trying to make it something it isn't). 

So I took the parts of CG that helped my hair be it's best naturally and also non CG products that help it as well. I've improved my hair health a lot, learned some good techniques but I don't believe it's a one size fits all thing."
pissgender,feytku,"cgm was more of jumping point for me. my story is v cliche: thought I had straight frizzy hair and decided to look at curly haircare, bim bam boom, I have wavy hair. cgm was the first thing that popped up on Google so I decided to follow it and it was very enlightening! but I still had trouble with frizz and now I had build up and my hair took forever to dry and finger detangling with my hair texture does the same thing a wet brush does, just slower. so I went back to brushing my hair before or in the shower. I started using shampoos again (right now I'm low poo but sulfates don't really do anything to me). I diffuse on warm bc I don't have the self control needed for air drying (I love touching my hair...). my hair looks and feels miles better than when I was strict cgm, and I have a routine that fits my lifestyle."
theresaketo,feytku,"I follow pretty closely, especially when it comes to product ingredients. 

What I don’t do, I don’t use a wide tooth comb. I use a Denman brush and brush the conditioner through my hair in the shower and some product while in the shower. I also brush my hair back instead of flipping my head down to style. I’m not sure if I was just doing this wrong, but my hair would get weird looking in the back. 

I also didn’t have much luck with gels and use mousse instead. I apply the mousse to my hair when it’s damp. 

My hair is high porosity, fine and thick. I need a lot of protein right now. I’ve been liking the Shea Moisture lines."
velouriaSF,feytku,"I invested a lot of money in CGM products over the years and found that it didn't make a difference for my hair. And I also find that I need to use sulfate shampoos fairly often anyway to remove product buildup.

I now don't follow CGM at all. I pick and choose products that work for me.

I'm not having great success, honestly. When I let my hair air dry I have to add a few curls with a curling want so it doesn't look too wonky. And sometimes I just say eff it and blow dry straight.

My hair is very processed after years of highlights. I'm currently growing out all out and am hopeful that it will make a difference for my waves.

My next step is to get a very layered cut to see if it will help my curl pattern."
FrizzychunkCAT,fecaxj,Really pretty!
cametumblingafter,fecaxj,Hair goals!!
little-mai,fecaxj,"Wavy Hair Progress in 2020&&&&&&I started following the CGM in 2020, and have modified it to suit my wavy hair (2bish?) Still very much new to this but finally starting to feel happy with my hair!

Firstly, I got a decent hair cut with lots of layers so my curls wouldn't be so weighed down. I've tried a few different products but below are the ones i liked best and weren't too expensive... I do use shampoo (sulfate/silicone free) as personally cowashing doesn't work for me. I wash my hair every couple of days.

Routine: wash with umberto giannini curl jelly shampoo, condition with umberto giannini curl jelly de-frizz conditioner. Brush through with tangle teaser (i don't have all day to finger detangle this mane) and squish to condish. Apply umberto giannini curl gel to the full length of my hair and then brush in to distribute. Flip head upside down and scrunch until I'm happy. Plop in a t-shirt while I get ready. Take out hair, scrunch out excess water with tshirt and clip the roots at the top for volume. Then i will either diffuse or air dry depending on how I feel.&&&Thanks, honestly I think the cut was vital to getting my hair under control. Before, my hair was pretty much one length and super heavy - I tried out using gel etc. but it looked a mess. Then after I went for the cut, suddenly all my curls emerged! Look up ‘long shag’ haircut, the layers start from just below chin and go down to the full lengths of the hair - they really chopped into them too. The stylist was experienced in cutting wavy/curly hair. Good luck!&&&Thank you 😊"
louiseno,fecaxj,Your before hair is almost exactly like mine and I didn't want to do cg because of the cowashing. Saving your comment so I can follow this!!
thatfemaledj,fecaxj,Your hair looks beautiful!
total_zen,fecaxj,Now that's some major progress!
velouriaSF,fecaxj,"Your hair is gorgeous! You've given me hope that mine can someday look like yours (mine looks like your before).

I'm not sure what I'm doing wrong. I've been aware of CGM and playing with different products for a couple years now and nothing is working well. Now I'm simply wondering if it's the cut.

Can you describe your cut a bit more? How high do the layers start and how heavy are they?"
JeTaime1987,fdohfe,The gel I use has water soluble silicones in it and it works well. Aveda Flax Seed Aloe Gel.
mercurys-daughter,fdohfe,If you use silicone you just have to use sulfates to make sure it won’t build up
morgainz,fdohfe,"My hair doesn't mind silicones long term, but I don't use them anymore because I feel like they lie about my hair's condition by coating the cuticle to make it feel smoother and shinier and less dry than it actually is 🤷"
ontariogiraffes56,fdohfe,"How Bad is Silicone?&&&I was thinking of using some products with mild silicones in them on my fine 2b hair, but I’m not sure if it will weigh down my hair or not. I don’t want to waste my time/money on products that won’t work on my hair. TIA"
pipermick,fdohfe,"I'm not 100% CG. I have a product or two that my hair likes. I just make sure to use a chelating shampoo (or clarifying one) every 4-6 weeks when my hair needs it. I follow the things from CG that work for me but so listen to my hair, and there are some cases where my hair seems to like some non CG approved ingredients. Play around and see what works for you.

I use a chelating shampoo since that clarifies my hair but also gets out the minerals and calcium that builds up from hard water. I recently learned that clarifying and chelating shampoo are different. Clarifying gets rid of product buildup but can't get rid of mineral buildup from things like hard water. Chelating shampoo can be clarifying but clarifying can't be chelating."
plentypapaya,fdohfe,"In the short term, it's fine.  You will have to use a sulfate-based product to remove it, so it won't be great if you typically co-wash or lo-poo.  In my experience, silicone-based products do not necessarily weigh down the hair.  

In the long term, it dries out your hair from the inside AND forces you to use sulfate-based products to remove it, which are also harsh and drying.  

But, may I ask what your hair goals are for the silicone product (detangling?  shine?  frizz control?  definition? conditoning?)  There might be easier/safer/better ways to achieve your goals without a silicone-based product."
roxemary,fdohfe,"Water soluble silicones are easy to remove, non-water soluble need clarifying shampoo if you want to remove the silicones fast or will stay in the hair for some time. The important is to not layer them. Personally I only use them in mousse or gel"
trevorishy,fdohfe,"Silicone isnt bad in my opinion, because I can use sulfate shampoo without drying out my hair (fine low porosity 2b-2c hair). I use Pantene conditioner, Mixed chicks leave, Its a 10 leave in spray, and OGX serum which all have silicones. The results I get from using them is still good but  my curl pattern gets loosened up and weighted down compared to when I use strictly cgm products (NYM low poo, Tresemme botanique conditioner and Aussie instant freeze gel). I get springier ringlets with cgm. But when using silicones, my routine is a lot simpler, my hair driers faster because I dont have to use a gel, and I still get no frizz."
vcast002,fdohfe,What is an example of a chelating shampoo?
Amber-Rebell,fdmmg7,"Hmmm... try a curl styling gel, like one of these eco styling gels :)"
Qnzkid91,fdmmg7,"Men Styling Product Recommendation for thick wavy hair?&&&Everyone here was wonderful in helping me out in my last post. Figured I would reach out to everyone again for some advice. Does anyone recommend any styling products for thick wavy hair? I tried some pomades but they weigh my hair down or just don’t control it well. I’ve linked a picture of myself.

Thank you!!!

[My hair and I ](https://imgur.com/a/VB12kNU)&&&Thank you! Is eco a brand?"
YSP666,fdmmg7,"You should definitely try sea salt spray my hair is almost identical to yours and it works very well.
Just remember to have damp hair while putting it on"
gawiya,fdmmg7,I have thick wavy hair and I use Argan Magic hair cream (not the curl cream) just the regular one
Hellodarknessmy0,fdh9e0,"With my hair when it was long I had to do two separate braids, I was hiking about 15-20 miles a day. Because of the backpack and everything a ponytail, and a single braid caused it to become a huge rats nest. My sister had to help me get the first one out.i also minimized my routine. I only brought a travel size of one of my product s because it gets really heavy if you are backpacking"
SkipBoat,fdh9e0,"I love wearing my hair down, but I’d personally just make sure it’s conditioned well and put it in 2 cornrows, or some other updo"
Subtlety87,fdh9e0,"Honestly, on a hiking trip I would mostly keep my hair up and not worry about it. There are tons of cute braided or knotted updos that look adorable and keep it out of your way! It’s great that you’ll have showers, so maybe leave it down on wash day and put it up for the next few?"
amygrindhaus,fdh9e0,"Oooh this is such a good idea, I love my buff&&&When I backpack I just braid it real tight into two Dutch braids and sleep in my soft wool beanie. Trying to deal with it styled curly is wayyyyy too much weight and work, and if I flat ironed it I’d still have to bring a hairbrush. So, braids it is!"
pilfernoodles,fdh9e0,"that seems like a *lot* to haul on a hiking trip in addition to whatever supplies you’re gonna need for actual survival. Why not invest in a buff or two? They’re incredibly light, come in lots of great patterns, and most have some sort of SPF factor.  It’ll look good in photos, help keep your hair out of your face while you’re hiking, keep the wind from tangling it up in knots and protect it while you’re sleeping without having to also bring a silk pillowcase."
syd_ann96,fdh9e0,"Caring for hair while traveling/hiking?&&&Any tips for taking care of wavy hair while traveling and hiking? I will be going on a hiking trip for Spring Break while staying in a yurt. There are showers so I'll definitely be washing my hair when I need to, but I could use advice on what to bring and any tips! So far I'm bringing travel sizes of my usual shampoo/conditioner, regular hair care products, two t shirts to scrunch and plop with, my pillow with a silk case, and a spray bottle. I know this seems like a lot, I just want my hair to look decent in pictures!"
charlie2-10,fd9m7o,"I have similar hair to yours, but with more 2c pieces. I find if I use a brush (aside from when my hair is full of conditioner) then it pulls the waves out and I end up with straighter/stretched out waves. Also, it seems like you might be scrunching for too long? I think if you do it more than a minute or two then it starts to frizz and messes up the curl pattern, at least it does for me. Have you tried using a curl cream or mousse? Gel is too heavy for my hair and means that the waves don't last past day one. I like the way your hair is looking so far though :)"
gitgudgigi,fd9m7o,"Hair type?&&&&&&Hi! I only use the denman brush when I have conditioner or product in, I haven't noticed it stretching out my waves at all. 

Actually I used to think scrunching too much would do that too, but since using the deep conditioning treatment (this is my second time) my wet frizz and general frizz have gone down. I also noticed that scrunching more for the back helps define them (before l they were practically straight) but for the top/front it doesn't make a difference.

I have the shea moisture curl cream (the peach one), but I wanted to take a break from it to see if my hair was getting glycerin overload or just generally weighed down. I think I will add it back next washday because I find it does help make tue waves last longer.

I don't really have that problem with gel, but I think after I've finished this bottle, I will try a mousse to see if it holds better.

Thank you for the compliment :) I'm pretty happy because recently my hair was going limp and super dry, but now it seems to be coming back. I just wonder if getting layers would help...&&&I think I finally figured out a routine for myself, also I was lacking in protein way more than I thought I was.

Routine:

Yesterday morning I shampooed my hair with a sulfate shampoo (alverde sensitiv shampoo - it's not the greatest but I will keep using it until I run out and maybe try a non-sulfate shampoo), then I used a deep conditioner just for 3-5 mins while plopping in a shower cap (balea oil repair schwerelos creme-kur). Then I combed through with wide tooth comb and let it airdry.

Later in the evening I re-wet my hair, added some Garnier papaya hair food as a leave-in, used my denman brush to distribute evenly. Then I squeezed out some water, and again used my denman brush to train my curls/waves, then I gently smoothed over gel (balea powerflex gel) all over my hair, and scrunched in for like 15 mins at least. I let it airdry, wasn't fully dry when I went to bed, but I pinneapled and put in a satin bonnet. This is the result after scrunching out the crunch!

Next washday I'm going to try finger coiling since I've noticed it works sometimes.

Does anyone have any recommendations for improvement, or should I get a hair cut/layers? Feel like my hair looks kinda weird but idk what to do with it lol

Oh if this helps, I have medium density, thick, low porosity hair!"
lilsoupboy,fd57uv,the straight part might be damaged hair if your ever bleached it or anything
ontariogiraffes56,fd57uv,My Hair is Confused&&&My hair is 2a/2b/2c. Some parts are almost strait but others are ringlets. Is this normal while transitioning to your natural hair texture?? Is there a way to fix it?
pissgender,fd57uv,"it's totally normal during the transitioning phase to have wildly different textures. I've been doing cgm for about 4 months and my hair texture has only *just* started to even out. give yourself some time. I recommend doing deep conditioning treatments, protein treatments, olaplex #3, and curl training to help encourage your texture."
c4thyyy,fcz9sn,"If your scalp is itchy, I would think to wash it again with your own shampoo. That would make me think of maybe a sensitivity to one of the ingredients. 

&#x200B;

If it's not too itchy and mostly just frizzy, oily, etc. I think it's fine to wait."
happy_berry,fcz9sn,"Personally, I would reset wash it asap. Then maybe baby it with a treatment or deep condition, maybe do no styling products for a few days before cowash and continuing with my normal routine.



Edit to add: if you're unfamiliar with reset shampoos the curly hair subreddit has a list in their resources. I have something cheap from Walgreens that I keep in the cabinet *just in case* I need to get something out of my hair and be sure that I've stripped it all out."
syd_ann96,fcz9sn,"Hair stylist used a shampoo and my hair absolutely hates it. Need advice to fix!&&&So I got my hair cut this morning on top of a shampoo and condition. I don't know what kind she used, but my hair definitely doesn't agree with it. It's stringy, frizzy, and my scalp is oily/flaky/itchy. Should I try to wash and style it using my normal routine? Or should I just wait until my next wash day to fix it? Will washing it again just dry it out and make it frizzy. Any advice would be great, thanks!&&&I ended up washing it just a few minutes ago and just put in curl cream away from my scalp. Already feels so much better, but I know I'll definitely need to use a treatment on my hair. Thanks!"
hauntedfollowing,fcybu9,"My hair is sad and needs help!&&&I used to have nice healthy 2b waves, despite pretty regular coloring. Lately they have been flat, frizzy, and closer to 2a. I'm not getting a cast at all with LA Looks blue gel, so I'm guessing there's something off with the health of my hair. I deep condition regularly, but I thought maybe I had overdone it when my hair started falling flat, so I did a rice water rinse. It didn't seem to help much. I did an olaplex 3 treatment Sunday, and had the best hair day I've had in a month, but it still was no where near normal. I haven't changed products. Any advice?

[Picture ](http://imgur.com/a/BIvuxVv) for reference. My healthy hair last summer vs a few days ago. Please ignore my ridiculous snapchat photo; it's the only recent pic of my hair I have because I've been wearing it up 90% of the time!&&&I can't figure out if it feels mushy! I have a ton of hair, and it always feels squishy to me, just because there's so much of it. I clarify regularly, but I've been nervous to try protein rich products because they weighed down my hair so much in the past. I don't understand how hair can be so finicky! 😭&&&No, I use Cantu curl cream, as I haven't found a leave in conditioner that doesn't weigh my hair down. I left out the curl cream, but still didn't get a cast. But I might need to try longer than one wash day!"
marahsichie,fcybu9,Hey! This happened to me too. Does your hair feel 'mushy'? I discovered it was an overstauration of moisture in my hair when it badly needed some protein. I watched Swurly Wavy Courtney's vids and invested in some Giovanni products with protein - the rice wash will have helped but you'll need to clarify and use products not just a rinse 😊
zenandshine,fcybu9,"Do you use a leave in conditioner? This happened to me when I started to use one. My hair wasn't necessarily overly moisturized to the point of mushy, but it was very, very soft. Once I stopped using the leave in it went back to normal."
Aretha,fcxgjk,lus brand! i use their shampoo conditioner and wavy formula leave-in. Best thing for my 2a hair ever
LaneyLuv,fcxgjk,"I have fine 2a-b hair. I have to say, you may not need to deep condition the hair above your ears. When I deep condition after clarifying I still don’t add my deep conditioner to the hair above my ears, I just use my normal conditioner for a longer period of time, like 30 minutes. And you can do that all over your head if you want something lighter, just leave any conditioner in for 30-60 minutes. 
On that note, you can also use any conditioner that you love and add stuff to it and/or keep it in your hair longer to use it as a deep conditioner. You can add protein, honey, light oils, etc. 
That being said, I do have some favorites! I like the General Value Products Conditioning Balm (Ive only seen it at Sally’s and Walmart) and the Manuka Honey Shea Moisture Protein mask."
Somegirloninternet,fcxgjk,"I love Jessicurl deep conditioner. I also use a heat cap and leave it in for 30-45 minutes. When I use it, I don’t use any conditioner the next time I wash my hair."
syd_ann96,fcxgjk,"Deep conditioner recommendations??&&&Best deep conditioner for fine, 2a hair? I have dry ends and a sensitive/oily scalp! Just looking for something that won't weigh down my waves!&&&I've tried leaving in regular conditioner, but the moisture just doesn't even last a week :( Maybe the Shea moisture protein mask below my ears will help. I've heard good things about it! What do you use to clarify? I'm still new to the cgm, so a lot has been trial and error."
Canrainallthetime,fclps2,"Crunchless product recs?&&&Seriously, is there anything I can use to defrizz that doesn't make hair crunchy? That scrunching when dry to de-crunch advice just makes everything frizzy again. I don't dig the wet noodle look. So far have struck out with all Frizz-Ease, all Cantu, all Shea Moisture, all Deva, Tigi, NYM, LA Looks, Garnier, sea salt sprays, oils... many more. Have a whole cabinet full of stuff. About to give up 😢&&&Thank you, I will try those!!"
happy_berry,fclps2,"I use Giovanni mousse, which needs a little bit of scrunching, but doesn't take as long as gel. The biggest thing that seems to help with frizz, is when I LOC (although I do curl cream, oil, leave in conditioner), and then a little but of oil when I scrunch. 

Hair type is very thick, low porosity, mix of 2a (underneath) -2b"
mercurys-daughter,fclps2,"Cake Curl Whip is my holy grail. It does have a crunch to scrunch out but it doesn’t take much scrunching and I don’t find it contributes to frizz. My hair type is thin, 2B, high porosity. I apply it when damp rather than wet so I imagine if you apply it while wet there’d be even less crunch. 

Herbal Essences totally twisted doesnt leave a crunch when applied while pretty damp followed by being diffused.

I also use Maui leave in conditioner which helps a lot with frizz and keeping hair soft"
neenbean130,fclps2,"My trick is to get something with a good cast and shower at around dinner time, so when I go to sleep it naturally de-crunches due to the pressure of the pillow on my head. The best hair of my life has been achieved this way."
pissgender,fclps2,"homemade flaxseed gel is pretty cheap and easy to make and it doesn't leave me with much of a cast. I recommend trying it out.

you can also use creams with hold instead of a gel or mousse.

lastly, have you tried using an oil or serum to break the crunch? I find that using oil makes crunch disappear immediately and helps reduce frizz. for context, I have 2a/b type hair with both fine and coarse strands and normal porosity."
brookebrookebrookek,fcepl5,Coming along!&&&&&&One of the first times I’ve been happy with my hair after waking up. Currently I’m using the Kristen Ess curl line. Garnier fructis gel in the shower on soaking wet hair. Then the curl jelly from Kristen Ess. This is air dried and pineappled to sleep. I did a deep conditioning treatment about a week ago.&&&3 weeks of consistency! I tried it about a year ago for 3 months before dropping it because I was so frustrated. I think I was overwhelmed with information though. This time I’ve kept it simple and it’s been a lot better.
darg1234,fcepl5,This gives me hope. I’m a month in and look like absolute poo. How long has it been for you? Thanks!
pissgender,fcepl5,looking great!! keep it up 😊
