index,id,comments
BCake94,k3p2qp,Rice Water&&&Has anyone tried rice water? I’ve seen it on tik tok but not sure if it really works.
lylac2,k3p2qp,"I tried it and didn’t notice a difference. For reference, I have fine 2a-2c, low porosity, medium density hair. That said I’ve seen so many before/after photos and it seems to really work for some!"
zillarillazilla,k3p2qp,I did it and it worked. I’m now using Hask protein treatments (cheap and easier than boiling rice every time I want a protein treatment)
Potato4,k3ored,Do you mean the hair on the left? The darker purple?
RyHill1,k3ored,Bro.. 😳😬
ants-in-my-plants,k3ored,Are you secretly Christina Ricci????
dinozaur91,k3ored,"I love the color! And I feel you on the bangs, I have the same issue right now 😭"
melindseyme,k3ored,Are you on r/fancyfollicles? Because you should be.
mesawyourun,k3ored,phenomenol
nobrahh,k3ored,omg wow how do u get soo healthy hair and have colored it?
quicheboard,k3ored,do you happen to watch swavey curly courtney?
sassysassysarah,k3ored,We have similar hair colors rn! :) I just posted about it here if you wanna see :)
thebuffwife,k3ored,"4 Months Progress&&&&&&I’ve never heard of that! *investigates*&&&Full disclosure- it has taken me the whole 4 months to understand my hair and what it needs, doesn’t need, doesn’t like. This routine and these products work for my hair, and I’m about to switch products now that I understand my hair better!

This was today’s routine that produced the curls on the right: **ALL UPSIDE DOWN**

Shampoo with Ion Hard Water Shampoo.

Work through, wet brush and squish to condish Shea Moisture JBCO Conditioner.
Thoroughly rinse.

Spray on Aphogee Keratin & Green Tea.
Brush through, scrunch, rake hair off the back of my head and scrunch side to side.

Apply Blueberry Bliss Leave In.
Brush through, scrunch, rake hair off the back of my head and scrunch side to side.

Apply NYM Curl Talk Curl Cream.
Brush through, scrunch, rake hair off the back of my head and scrunch side to side.

Plop my hair into a microfiber turbietwist hair towel thing just long enough to make it from my kitchen sink to where I get ready 😅

Unplop.
I use the 3 gel method. So less of each gel, and all 3 should amount to how much you’d use if you were using just one. I apply these upside down and side to side to make sure all my hair gets the product.

NYM Curl Talk Gel with a couple drops of Neutral Protein Filler.

Kinky Curly Curling Custard.

Ecoslay Orange Marmalade.

Diffuse with Dyson AirWrap & Amaxy Reviving Lotus diffuser upside down and side to side, starting in 1min holds, then moving to roots once a cast has formed. 

SOTC with Righteous Roots oil applied via praying hands first, then flufffff the roots! 

Right now I’m wearing a headband basically every day because my bangs are at that weird stage of grow out where they have a mind of their own and won’t cooperate with me 😂&&&I wish! Lol&&&I do!!&&&Patience lol notice my before didn’t look so healthy!&&&It’s so annoying! Lol grow already!!"
albinopigsfromspace,k3opsj,"Trying something I have never heard of and thought I’d let you guys in on it&&&So I am trying to get my waves back, and some days they turn out great. More often than not they look like poofy, messy, almost straight hair. I’ve ran into a lot of issues but tonight, I had a theory. 

So you can train your part when you part your hair, and you can train your curls / waves by finger coiling. Which I admittedly suck at. 

My theory is; what if I can train my waves to come back and be more defined by using curlers for 20 min- an hour and doing my usual routine with modifications before and after. 

& if I do this for long enough that my hair finds a defined pattern, will I be able to achieve it without the curlers?

Anyone tried this?

I’ll let you all know how it goes.&&&I definitely will! I tried it last night and need to tweak the technique a little bit but I’ll post an update in awhile if it goes well"
wavyornot,k3opsj,"Let us know how it works out! I'm basically lurking on here until my hair grows back more, but I'm interested to try this too."
shutupab0utthesun,k3oa49,"Tips on reducing the tangles/rat nest underneath hair&&&hi! very new to the wavy community. always thought I had slight poof/straight hair. it was only due to my 2 young curly headed daughters, that I figured out that I indeed did have some waves as well. 

i’ve always have had the issue with having a hidden tangled mess of hair underneath the back of my hair, even before doing cgm. it just mats up back there and is the worst, it’s probably due to having really fine hair but also having a LOT of it.


my routine is currently;; 

cowash/shampoo 
as I am coconut cowash
nym matcha green tea & apple blossom shampoo

condition
tresemme botanqiue aloe vera & coconut
garnier fructis one minute mask 

squish to condish in shower
glaze & scrunch in nym curl cream, la looks gel, & microplop the excess product/water

let air dry or diffuse, and sotc. currently using some hair oils to sotc to lessen frizz. im using shea moisture argan oil.&&&hahahaha i DO have kid consistency hair 🤧

but thank you, I’ll try to maybe focus some more leave in on the under side. I forgot to include an add in conditioner in my routine."
wavyornot,k3oa49,"My children all have very fine hair (but my 7 yo daughter's is DENSE) with gentle waves, and I have found that putting a leave-in conditioner or light detangling spray has helped a lot with matted tangling. What you want is for each strand of hair to have enough slip that it just moves past the other strands without grabbing them. So sometimes gel kind of works against that. I haven't had much of a problem with this in my adult life, so I can only speak from experience with kid hair."
Least-Somewhere,k3krq8,Try hover diffusing
megant113,k3krq8,"Help me diffuse my short hair!&&&&&&Omg, I'm doing everything wrong! lol The Dyson does look way less awkward than my dryer with the giant diffuser at the end of a long barrel.&&&I actually have pretty thick hair, it's just got a solid undercut. It's cut with a #4 clippers all the way up to my temples. I love having the whole underlayer removed.

I find the curl clumps just break up and get frizzy if I try to fluff my roots, what's your technique for that?&&&These pics are air dried to see the length. I looked like a mad scientist diffusing upside down and diffusing right side up made it flat. Help?"
meteorflower,k3krq8,My hair is a very similar length to yours but I think probably a lot denser so I don't have to worry much about it looking flat.  I typically air dry but occasionally diffuse - both right side up and upside down will work for me and I haven't really decided which is better.  If I do it upside down it looks a little crazy at first but settles down once I carefully move the pieces back with the part and wait a few minutes.  Do you give your roots a good fluff once it's dry?  That could help add some volume if upside down really makes it too crazy.
tanyamothertucker,k3krq8,"Mine is just past my chin and I flip it side to side when diffusing. Upside down makes the bottom do weird flips out that I don’t enjoy. 

Manes by Mel hover diffuse technique is a game changer. I also recently bought a Dyson and the smaller diffuser is so helpful."
Mgroenink,k3hqs8,"It may have nothing to do with the protein- the Manuka Honey is also very moisturizing. I love it-it’s a great balance when you need both moisture and protein, but it could be just the deep moisturizing that your scalp is responding to. Maybe just conditioner isn’t enough and your scalp could use some deep treatments. I use this one with a heat cap once a week and I do feel like my scalp is way less itchy than it used to be and I don’t get any flakes/dandruff anymore. But the protein part definitely helps my hair keep its shape better."
WeAreStarless,k3hqs8,"this is really weird, because protein/moisture balance has absolutely nothing to do with your scalp. usually, i would say an itchy scalp is due to a sensitivity/allergy to a product, so it makes no sense if your scalp is itchiest when you _don't_ use a product. is there anything you normally use that you didn't use this time?"
cmarches,k3hqs8,"I scratch my scalp when I'm stressed but a protein treatment helped more than moisture?&&&Hi everyone 😊

I tried using the Shea Moisture Manuka Honey & Yogurt Protein Treatment because since I started using conditioner in middle school it's been ridiculously soft and doesn't really hold any shape without help (if I use any conditioner I need a bananas amount of gel). The treatment didn't do much except make my gel work better but I noticed it made my scalp a lot less itchy. This confused me because if I don't use any conditioner my scalp feels super itchy it's almost unbearable. Is it because Shea Moisture is well.. relatively moisturizing? Even after really thoroughly rinsing it out my hair had more slip than using a bunch of my leave in conditioner (Aveeno oat milk leave in and I use like 3 blobs each the size of a quarter or loony). Or could it be that my scalp likes protein? It's weird because I mostly just scratch my scalp when I'm stressed so I don't even know if products affect it or it's in my head (pun not intended). Anyone with a better understanding of products or scalps able to make sense of that?&&&No I used the same shampoo and leave in I just added this. That's interesting to keep in mind though thank you!&&&Thanks for the reply! Yeah I find I need a bunch of the leave in for it to work (and I have pretty short and very fine hair) so I might try using more Shea moisture stuff from this line when I run out of what I'm currently using. It doesn't seem to weigh me down any so might as well check it out if it'll make my scalp less dry"
dinosaurholiday,k3hchb,"I got a nice wave! There is hope.&&&&&&Giovanni Tea Tree Triple Treat shampoo and conditioner. NYM Curl Talk defining cream (new to me), Herbal Essences totally twisted mousse, a little bit of ancient l.a. looks power spikes gel that I used to use to keep my daughter's hair from coming out of a massive french braid during gymnastics meets (probably overkill but it's something I already owned). Microplopped, diffused."
roundy_yums,k3hchb,Looks gorgeous!
Mgroenink,k3gg1s,"I second this. My hair was always straight until about middle school, at which point it developed what I thought was just a slight wave. I straightened it for a long time, but even when I didn’t I would just brush and air dry and get kind of a slight stringy wave that I hated... after about 7 months of curly girl, I am completely shocked at how wavy my hair is. It actually leans toward curly at this point. It’s amazing what the right techniques can do. In my experience, what products I use is way less important overall than the techniques, so that’s a great place to start experimenting."
WeAreStarless,k3gg1s,"straight hair doesn't go wavy under any circumstance, so if you have waves, congrats, you're a wavy!"
barelysane_jane,k3gg1s,"It sounds to me like you do have wavy hair if you've been getting wavy pieces/sections with your current routine! If you want to just test to see if you can increase the amount of waves, something that I wished I had done was just start out with using wavy hair techniques instead of spending a bunch of money on products. 

If you still have some of your current shampoo and conditioner left, I would keep using those until they are empty. What you can do in terms of technique is squishing the conditioner in your hair to help form the waves in the shower and then keep squishing your hair to get more of the water out after you've rinsed the conditioner out of your hair. Instead of dabbing your hair with a towel, you can use an old T-shirt or microfiber towel (if you already have one) to squish a bit more water out of your hair and then plop in a shirt or microfiber towel for a bit more time.

If you want to try out an additional product you can try a curl enhancing product like a cream or custard or you could also try using a mousse/gel. If you haven't already, I would look at the wavy favorites list on this subreddit and see what people with your hair type recommend in terms of products (and just through this subreddit in general for techniques)! But I've heard that a lot of wavies keep using their hair products from before and just use the wavy techniques with good results so I don't think you really need to spend a lot of money to see results!

I hope that helps! :)"
mamamimi2020,k3gg1s,"Help me find out&&&Hey guys so I have been questioning if I have wavy hair for quite some time now, its always been straight and had waves here and there. But over this last year it seems to be more wavy than before. I just would like some suggestions to maybe see if I have more of a wave than I thought. 
My hair is thick and long. And I just use Head and Shoulders dandruff shampoo and for conditioning I use whole blends.  Dab it with towel and air dry.&&&Thank you so much!!! I'll keep you guys updated😊"
murkerker,k3ewmm,"Second day hair after first CGM wash! took it down out of my scrunchie to find this.&&&&&&I love dyeing my hair fun colors, and after some severe bleach damage in June, I was blow drying my hair constantly because my curls were gone. I had tried the CGM years ago and always gave up because I liked my products and blowouts. It got to the point where my hair was getting sooo tangled so I chopped off a good bit and decided to give it a real shot again! l also finally found a shampoo that is CG approved and works on my super dry, itchy scalp.

Shampoo: Shea Moisture Bamboo Charcoal Deep Cleansing Wash Scalp Treatment: Renpure ACV Scalp Serum Deep Conditioner: Hask Keratin protein Smoothing Deep Conditioner (this smells so good I can’t place the scent) Regular conditioner for squishing: Shea Moisture Restorative

After shower: Good spritz of Shea Moisture Manuka Leave In to keep my nape from becoming a portal to the netherworld An old formula Marc Anthony curl lotion that IS CG safe but I am replacing it as soon as my order comes in. It was a sample and on hand. Generous amount of Lightweight Shea Moisture gel.

I never used enough gel and totally did not understand breaking the cast until today and here we are! Still trying to figure out the perfect amount of time to plop, and how. The back of my head tends to morph into the top curls and get stuck and when I try to remove that part from the plop when I let it down, it gets messed up. Front and sides are good though!

Does anyone else feel like the back of their head gets pulled up and forward while plopping?"
No_Platform_4154,k3eexd,Curls are coming in! 🎉🎉
roguemarzi,k3eexd,"Feel like I'm getting there! Swipe to see how my hair usually looks.&&&&&&I am based in the UK. Today was a clarifying wash day:
Pre-pood with coconut oil,
Lush seanik shampoo bar,
Beauty and Planet Shea butter and sandalwood conditioner (I don't recommend, just trying to finish the bottle),
Twistedsista amazing dream curl gel.
I plopped for 10 mins and applied the gel after  plopping"
roundy_yums,k3eexd,Looks beautiful in both pics!
SadlyNotanAlien,k3df23,"Is Curl Junkie Repair Me! Treatment a moisture or protein treatment?&&&Is curl junkie repair me! Treatment good for protein or moisture? I'm at that stage where I'm trying to figure out what the heck my hair needs and how to get it

Also keratin? How do I know if my hair needs Keratin?

My hair is 2b, normal porosity except the bleached streaks in it which is more porous I believe? The hair itself is fine but there is a ton of it if you need that info :)&&&Ah thank you!&&&Thank you! I have heard of blue berry bliss but not the others"
WeAreStarless,k3df23,"it's a protein treatment! also, keratin is just protein"
snarktini,k3df23,"It's protein, but it works for me as a dual treatment. My hair is protein sensitive right now so I have to limit it and have to balance it with tons of moisture. Repair Me gives me all the benefits of both. (I leave it on for 30 min with heat.) My hair is fine, super dense, 2b/c, med/long, mostly low-porosity."
zillarillazilla,k3df23,"FYI - I asked about cheaper alternatives to curl junkies repair me and ended up with these 3:

-Hask Protein Treatment (pink packets)

-Ecoslay Matcha Boost

-Blueberry Bliss 

So far I loved Hask! Blueberry bliss is working, but not as well as Hask. I’ll try ecoslay after blueberry bliss is out."
ItsAllEasy7,k3cxnj,🤩 Do you dye your hair at all? I love this color.
MrGretzky9966,k3cxnj,I know it looks good but to get rid of damage faster let some length go
TalleyZorah,k3cxnj,Have you done any protein or Olaplex treatments? An easily accessible protein treatment is the 2 step one by aPhogee.
crazyfuckingemini,k3cxnj,"I have been cutting off damage regularly but can not let go of my length. My hair took a beating in the wind today cutting down a Christmas Tree but I am seeing so much hope in the healthy hair I see coming through!&&&&&&todays routine: Wash with NYM Blue Sea Kale & Coconut water then condition with Giovanni 50:50 Balanced Hydrating-Calming Conditioner with added protein. Squish to consish, detangle with wet brush in shower.  

Rinse out conditioner upside down and apply Blueberry Bliss reparative leave in, raking and scrunching. Then while still upside down, I use a denman brush throughout hair to form clumps...being sure to lift the hair on the back of my head off my scalp. I don’t know exactly what the technique is called, but you just pull your hair through tight and then shake out the curl into a clump (I think of it like a curling ribbon through scissors).  

I then apply AG recoil curling cream using prayer hands and scrunching and lastly LA looks extreme sport gel using the same method. Plop in microfiber towel wrap while I do other girly things (about 10 minutes). 

Today I diffused mostly upside down but also turning head side to side using pixie, hammock and hover to 80% dry(about 30 minutes, my hair takes forever to dry at the roots)... then let air dry. SOTC with argon oil and fluff. 

My hair is mostly 2b, 2c but I am seeing some spirals in the front like I used to have and I am so excited!&&&I have only been doing modified curly girl for 4 months but have not used much heat at all on my hair since March. It is crazy how much damage just washing with whatever shampoo was available and ripping a brush through my wet hair everyday did!  Here’s to next years healthy hair!&&&I do, but not sure what the color my stylist uses is called. I also get caramel highlights a few times a year.&&&I have not and they kind of scar me tbh. My hair does love protein so I will have to look into doing one, maybe I am needlessly scared of them lol&&&I have already cut off about 4 inches and I just do not want a bob! I had an angled bob about 5 years ago which was a PITA to grow out so I am not going back down that road. Most of my damage is of course in the top front section so I end up just pinning those chunks back for now."
dianacakes,k3cxnj,My hair is like this too! I resently did a pretty drastic cut. It's so hard to wait for it all to grow in!
dinozaur91,k3cxnj,"I'm in the exact same situation right now, haha. Dyed my hair for years, now it's about halfway grown out and about the same length as yours, but I just cannot cut off the length I've worked so hard for!"
snarktini,k3cxnj,"I also have hope. And impatience!  I don't mind losing some length -- I've taken off about 8"" in the past 12 months -- but I'm not ready to bob it to get rid of the rest. I see what's possible, what the newer growth looks like, and it's going to look great in another year. That's a long time! Just gotta hold on."
spell24,k3cxnj,We have such similar hair! That’s so cool! Thanks for sharing your routine
Airsteps350,k35psa,"Wanna start with the curly hair method but had keratin done some while ago. Can I still start or do I need to wait?&&&Hi all,

I think I have at least 2a (maybe even 2b?)wavey hair but i did just always shampoo, condition, hair oil, blow dry which makes my hair quiet straight-ish.

Because of tropical humidity and "" frizz"" i had keratin done in march. Can i start with the curly hair method or do I need to wait basically for it to grow out or did it wear off with time?
To me it feels as if mg hair is back to ""normal"".

My hair used to always twist the way I didn't want it to. If i let it air dry and I actually get in my neck and behind the ears springy babyhair 2c curls which spring back into form after pulling them.

Not sure as well if my hair might be a bit too long for my waves since it is almost mid back (when straight ish)"
WeAreStarless,k35psa,i would recommend starting now; it's always worth a shot!
Mj0133,k2yh44,Beautiful! Can you just GTFO of here with my dream hair already 😭😋
dinozaur91,k2yh44,"Wow, your hair is absolutely gorgeous, and I love the color!"
notabigmelvillecrowd,k2yh44,Got that Botticelli Venus hair.
verysoftrobot,k2yh44,This subreddit has helped me so much! ❤️ It’s crazy seeing these loose spirals when my whole life I just thought I had straight/slightly wavy hair.&&&
Vegetable-Toe-4683,k2wkg1,"do I even have wavy hair?? or is it just damaged??? help&&&Photos: dry hair after a wash, loose bun to sleep night after wash, 2nd or 3rd day (don't remember) hair brushed out, comparison of two different textured hair strands (not sure if that's helpful but I found it interesting, one is fine and nearly straight and the other is coarse, rough, and I don't even know how to describe that texture)

https://preview.redd.it/n6qghgibz1261.jpg?width=1086&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=74b38375165d1ee9fe937bf67e7459bb49ae9807

https://preview.redd.it/v12yrml8z1261.jpg?width=1803&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=332462741d72348dbb7480a9183d9c85b7c810aa

https://preview.redd.it/ksxnppl8z1261.jpg?width=750&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=8ec39496376d318fd95e32168bde6d8474969c58

https://preview.redd.it/o8wmmml8z1261.jpg?width=1084&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=aaa2a8038c6268d6203c88afa51935f2aa1dc7cb

I've been trying the CGM since April after starting to think that my straight frizzy hair with some \~bends\~ might actually be wavy. I was hoping it would help with frizz and maybe bring out some waves, but I've seen very little improvement since the first wash several months ago and I think my frizz has gotten worse. Before starting, my hair was pretty soft and shiny, but now it all feels very dry and dull and the bottom 3ish inches are so bad they feel really brittle and straw-like. All the shine and softness I used to have seems gone. I've seen some improvement with wave definition, but it usually goes away almost completely after the first night post-wash. I try not to brush, but my hair gets really tangled starting on the second day and I kind of have to if I don't want it to start forming dreadlocks. I'm starting to think I should give it up, I feel like I'm forcing my hair to be wavy when it might actually be bendy, frizzy, and straight and it seems like I'm doing more harm than good.

I'm not sure what the cause of the damage is, I never heat style and my hair isn't chemically treated/dyed (I dyed it with henna over a year ago, it's grown out several inches)

My current routine consists of products I bought without a lot of research, I'm up for any suggestions you have that might help with managing frizz and bringing back shine (or if you think I should give up and treat my hair like it's straight).

\-Renpure detoxifying charcoal shampoo (I use this just on my scalp, it tends to get greasy and this has been pretty good)

\-NYM Tahitian gardenia & mango butter curl defining conditioner (I STC upside down with this, then rinse out)

\-sometimes I use the Giovanni weightless moisture direct leave-in conditioner but it doesn't do much for me

\-Giovanni LA hold gel (No matter how much I add I can't seem to form a cast. This past wash, shown in the photos, I used a huge palmful and I still didn't have any crunch when I went to SOTC. Don't know what's going on there)

I then plop in a soft towel or t-shirt for a few hours then let it air dry the rest of the way. It takes about 5-6 hours to dry fully (I don't know anything about my hair porosity).

\-once it's dry I usually add a couple pumps of a jojoba/argan oil blend to my ends and to smooth frizz. It helps a little with frizz but doesn't do much for the dry ends

I sleep with my hair in a loose bun but after the first night nearly all the waves are gone and I generally just brush and go to bed with my hair down

wow that's a really long post but anything helps! please tell me what to do :)&&&I hadn't thought of protein overload, I thought that could be the cause until I found out none of my products contain any protein ingredients. Still don't know what's happening :(

You might be right about a product not agreeing with my hair, but I'm not really sure how to deal with that.&&&I no longer have the shampoo and conditioner I used before starting CGM but I think I'm gonna stop using gel for now and see if that's what's causing issues! Thank you so much for the suggestions :)&&&Ooh good thought! It's quite possible it's stretching damage, the only issue is that a good portion of the hair on my head seems to be damaged the same way. Do you know of anything I can do to fix it?&&&Good idea, I think I'll look for another gel. I actually used homemade flaxseed gel for a few months, but I found it was tedious to have to make a batch every few weeks that would go bad before I could finish it. I don't remember it having much better hold or shine than the one I'm using now :( And thanks for the hairspray tip! I've never heard of that, I'll definitely look into it.&&&thank you so much! I'll definitely be trying a mousse in the future. It's also possible what I thought was protein overload was over-moisturization, so I'll look for ways to incorporate protein into my routine. I took a look at Curly Cailín's blog and found some great info! I'm especially interested in trying a rice water rinse (it's compared to Olaplex?? I'm in!). Thanks so much for the suggestions! I'm taking a break from anything other than shampoo/conditioner for now, but I'll keep them in mind :)&&&sort of? It's not perfect but my hair is definitely doing better than it was last time lol. I'm using the same shampoo, conditioner, and oil as I was before (just ran out of the conditioner though and am looking for a different one to try), but I've stopped using the Giovanni LA Hold gel, which immediately helped. I've replaced it with the NYM curl talk defining cream and given flaxseed gel a second chance -- I previously stopped using it because it didn't leave a cast, but the Giovanni one didn't either and also left my hair brittle and tangled. Between the two I much prefer flaxseed gel, it doesn't have a lot of hold but at least it's moisturizing and gives a little definition. I also tried aloe vera gel but that did absolutely nothing for me. 

Overall adding protein was a game changer! My hair is now noticeably softer, occasionally I can see a little shine, and it doesn't turn into a rat's nest after the first night of sleep. I tried a rice water rinse for the first time today, but I'm not sure how much it helped with definition, I got lazy and blowdried my hair without gel. Overall today's wash went well though, even after brushing and blowdrying I can see a few waves that are still there without any encouragement. That's unrelated lol but I really thought my waves just came from scrunching my hair and plopping for long periods of time. 

Good luck finding a routine that works for you! and if you have any recommendations for me I'd be happy to receive them :)"
crochet_cat_lady,k2wkg1,"Maybe try a different gel, I started using homemade flaxseed gel and it does sooo much better for me than store bought gels. Also, something I learned from another thread, after you've added your product and before you dry use hairspray on your hair (yes, while its still dry) to help hold the curl as well."
deladude,k2wkg1,"Hey there. I think we have pretty similar hair. I, too, started this process in April and frequently feel like a frizzy, tangly fraud. 

I will say that the Giovanni line was a pretty big disappointment, especially the LA Hold Gel. I NEVER got a cast, no matter how much I used. 

I definitely second taking a break and just using shampoo and conditioner for a bit. It can be really helpful to step back and identify problems. Also, I think sometimes trying these routines and not getting the desired results starts to feel like a personal failure, so taking a break can be good for your well being and your relationship with your hair, as well. 

I recommend mousse. I’ve had success with Aussie Instant Freeze and Herbal Essences Totally Twisted. Currently trying NYM curl talk, but the jury is still out on that one. I’m also experimenting with layering mousse and gel, but I haven’t quite got that down yet. Curly Cailín uses a mousse then gel routine, if you want to check out her blog. The rationale being that mousse gives definition and gel gives stronger hold. 

In my case, I find that my hair starts to get really dry, frizzy, and damaged when it’s over-moisturized. That seems counterintuitive, but adding more protein to my routine helps my hair stay less frizzy and retain a more cohesive shape. My hair soaks up protein like that’s its job. 

Look into dew points in your area as well. The LA gel doesn’t have glycerin, but you may be in an area and/or have hair that just really loves humectants. Alternatively, your hair may hate ALL humectants, even ones like Aloe. 

I would definitely encourage you to experiment with some different products and routines before giving up. Your hair is definitely textured and there is hope for you yet! But definitely take a break and let your hair do it’s product-free thang when needed."
lastduckalive,k2wkg1,Hey we have pretty similar hair. Did you manage to find a routine that worked for you?
sateva,k2wkg1,"I think the textured hair in the last photo might be stretching damage? That happens to me if i brush too forcefully or start too high in the hair and it looks very similar. Grab a hair from your hairbrush and try to stretch it without breaking it, see if you can replicate it on a smooth hair that way."
wavyornot,k2wkg1,"I have heard overloading protein can lead to dry brittle hair [Read about protein overload here. ](https://lovedbycurls.com/hair-talk/5-signs-too-much-protein-hair/#:~:text=1%20Dry%20And%20Brittle%20Hair,weak%20and%20prone%20to%20damage.) Maybe this is what you are experiencing? 

Your hair definitely looks wavy to me though. Maybe it's a product that's not agreeing with your hair?&&&P.S. if it takes that long to dry I think that's a sign of low porosity&&&Maybe go back to using just a shampoo and conditioner that you know agrees with your hair (like the ones you used when your hair was shiny). Then add in products one at a time, use for a week, add another product... etc. This is one way to narrow it down, although obviously it will take a while to figure it out and your hair might not be doing what you want in the mean time. But at least your hair will probably get healthier and you might figure out what's happening. 

I had to do a similar thing when my face reacted badly to skincare products. Just went back to gentle wash and moisturizer until my skin rebalanced. Maybe it's the same with hair? 🤷‍♀️"
