index,id,comments
Bonnie_McMurray,frhqem,I love your hair!
Rhythmicka,frhqem,"Anyone have a good tutorial for properly diffusing your hair?? (info in comments)&&&&&&Currently using Not Your Mother’s beach babe shampoo along with their defining cream for all curl types, loving the results so far. Then a super hydrating joico conditioner for my dry scalp, deep conditioning once every two weeks. Live in a superrrrr humid area where the air is made of soup, so getting waves to hold is a miracle. Tried a mousse (herbal esscense brand) and ended up being allergic to it. I think diffusing my hair with my better routine would work now and not just make a big poof, I own one of the diffusers that looks like a hand."
kaylee533,frhqem,I second Manes by Mel's technique!
scrungy_boi,frhqem,I like Manes By Mel’s diffusing video the most! It helped with not breaking up clumps. I’ve also been experimenting with pixie diffusing which has also been working well.
Itssnailspice,fr8j4i,"Those are pretty heavy ingredients pretty high up on the ingredient list (cocoa butter, coconut oil, olive oil). It's probably weighing your waves down. I would look for something lighter.


My hair is easily weighed down but also needs moisture. I use giovanni 2chic frizz b gone conditioner, and giovanni 2chic ultra-volume shampoo. The conditioner does have oils in it, but they're really far down the ingredient list."
dianacakes,fr8j4i,"My hair had more wave when I used sulfates and silicones. Routine changes in comments.&&&&&&Left two pictures are when I used Pantene volumizing shampoo and tresseme anti breakage conditioner and used CGM techniques (STC, SotC) and some gel. I mixed thr tresseme conditioner in water to spray on my hair for refreshes and my waves would just get better and better. I switched to sulfate and silicone free shampoo and conditioner and my hair is straight! Right is after plopping all night! Same thing if I diffuse until dry.. The waves are gone hours later. Here are the ingredients of the new shampoo and conditioner. They are bars (because they're better for the environment).  

Shampoo Ingredients: coco sulfate, lemon juice, powdered lemon peel, cocoa butter, coconut oil, apricot seed oil, hemp seed oil, red raspberry seed oil, pro vitamin b complex, essential oil blend for fragrance (lavender, sandalwood, peppermint), brown clay.  

Conditioner Ingredients: Behentrimonium Methosulfate (Rapeseed Oil), Cocoa Butter, Coconut Oil, Glycerin, Olive Oil, essential oil for fragrance (lavender, sandalwood, peppermint), jojoba oil, Wheat Germ Oil, and Vitamin E.&&&Thank you so much for those recommendations! I had the protein epiphany when I started doing more research. My silicone conditioner worked *because* it had protein. The giovanni line is pricey, but I ordered some neutral protein filler!&&&I'm in the US, but I'll see if it's available online!"
marahsichie,fr8j4i,Op where are you based? Here in the UK Noughty Hair Care do a range specifically for wavies and thr shampoo and conditioner are v light and the detox shampoo isn't harsh. Might help!
pipermick,fr8j4i,"I do modified curly girl because I found there are some products that aren't CG approved but my hair does better with them. I think CG can teach us a lot of good ways to take care of our hair but, especially for wavy people, sometimes 100% CG can weigh down hair and sometimes your hair just likes ""bad"" products better.

I also found only co- washing was too heavy for my hair. Now every 4-6 weeks I use a chelating shampoo (it's like clarifying shampoo but also helps get rid of mineral and calcium buildup from hard water which clarifying shampoo can't), low poo and cowashing. My hair waves/curls do much better now"
professionalhippo1,fr8j4i,I was thinking I should get a chelating shampoo. Have you found an affordable that works?
trevorishy,fr8j4i,"I find that my hair doesnt really care if I use sulfate or not. But cowashing, overmoisturizing hair with curly hair conditioner makes my hair fall limp. Especially if use a conditioner that doesnt have protein in it. However, silicone conditioner tend to loosen up my waves if I compare it to a lightweight silicone free conditioner. Since the Tresemme you use has some protein, you might want to try a silicone free conditioner with protein like Giovanni smooth as silk or mix few drops of Neutral protein filler with Suave or Vo5 conditioner."
Subtlety87,fqxkfu,"Yup, I get those primarily in the underside of my hair."
Sylvss1011,fqxkfu,"Do any of y’all get these weird twisted looking pieces?&&&&&&It’s so weird. They’re always in the same spot too. I don’t finger coil or twist my hair at any point when styling or washing my hair. I don’t flip upside down. It’s not even a curl, it’s just like my hair twists on itself! Does this happen to any of y’all??"
bookraven4,fqxkfu,this happens to about 1/2 of my hair! i think it’s because my hair is so long and the curl stretches.  is your hair long?
dadshoess,fqxkfu,This happens to my roots every single time! Not sure why. I guess its just the structure of your hair
ohforgodssakeniall,fqxkfu,This happens to me too!
prettywack,fqxkfu,This happens to one specific piece at the root by my forehead
Claire297,fqvkwt,"how to style wavy hair&&&hello! I have decided to start the cgm and i am having a hard time finding a product to style wavy hair. A friend gave me some Verb curl cream, but i dont know how well it works or if it has sulfates, silicones  or parebens. I also am lost in what form of product to get. Mousse, gel, cream! Do you know what works best? Thanks ;)

Facts about my hair:

\~Wavy 2a-2b

\~very light brown (not that that matters)

\~very fine and soft

\~easily weighed down 

if you need any more details, please ask!"
bookraven4,fqvkwt,"I have 2a-2b waves and gel changed my hair for the best. I know gel seems intimidating but I highly recommend. My favourite wavy hair youtuber is Swavy Curly Courtney. She films her hair routines with lots of detail so watch her if you want ideas :)

EDIT: The curly subreddit has a list of product recommendations according to which country you live in if you want to check that out"
marmaladestripes725,fqvkwt,"I like mousse, personally!  I use Tresemme Flawless Curls.  It’s lightweight, and I don’t think there’s really a wrong amount.  I can never figure out how much gel to use, so I usually end up with gummy clumps that don’t harden.  You want something that hardens up so you can scrunch out the crunch."
professionalhippo1,fqvkwt,So I’m just starting cgm this week. After I watched a bunch of wavy hair videos on YouTube I ended up choosing to order products to try from the Jessicurl wavy hair product line.
syd_ann96,fqvkwt,Definitely mousses and gels! I would get some root clips too if you struggle with volume. I love the Aussie instant freeze gel
CoCoHunni,fqtq8c,"Today was my first CGM day too and it turned out just like yours!!! 

I’m grateful for all of the progression photos I’ve seen on reddit, since it helps me to set my expectations that this is only the beginning and that with tweaks to my routine and practice, I might have more defined waves/curls and the days go on. 

Also, I’m thinking I might take the other poster’s advice and get a cut that takes some of the weight off. 

Good luck OP!!"
professionalhippo1,fqtq8c,"First CG wash day ever. Washed with sulfate free shampoo, deep conditioned 30 minutes (suave essentials + honey + avocado oil), rinsed with cold water, microfiber towel, applied tresseme tres mega firm control gel soaking wet, plopped for 10 minutes, scrunched, air dried 2.5 hours.&&&&&&Thank you for the advice! I am definitely interested in getting a cut once things finally calm down. I didn’t even know I had wavy hair until 3 days ago. I posted a random rant about my hair on Instagram and three other curly girls messaged me to tell me I probably have wavy hair and just didn’t know it. I decided to give the process a try but had slim pickings for products at the grocery store (Hence the homemade deep conditioner lol). I ordered somethings from Jessicurl and a diffuser so I’m excited to keep working at it!"
tallsy_,fqtq8c,"Looking at your hair on the left, you seem to have a lot of hair, and the overall weight looks heavy. When the crisis is over, I would suggest maybe getting a trim and some layers to make you feel lighter. A curl-specific cut is the best way, especially if you've been working on the CGM. As someone who has fine/medium hair but A LOT of it, I know from experience that less weight can make the waves and curls pick up better."
Jessachelle,fqnryo," Look up Swavy Curly Courtney or Manes by Mell on YouTube. I’ve never done one but have considered it during quarantine. I’ve seen some great results from people that have. I think (dont quote me) that it acts like a protein treatment so if your hair doesn’t like protein you may want to skip it. But from what I’ve learned, it helps with definition, frizz, shine ... all the good stuff. Good luck!"
anjiface,fqnryo,@powerdomi on instagram has some great info on this!
mercurys-daughter,fqnryo,"If your hair needs protein it will be good. If it doesn’t, it won’t."
syd_ann96,fqnryo,Thoughts on rice water rinse?&&&Thinking about doing a rice water rinse! How do you do it? What has been your experience doing this? Does it add more definition and tackle frizz? How often do you do it? So many questions!!
Another53108,fqhshy,"yes, i've been doing the same. please share routine."
Jubukraa,fqhshy,So jealous you can still wear flannels and jackets it’s already 90 degrees
SRSA,fqhshy,Would you mind sharing your routine? Your hair looks gorgeous!
VintageWitchcraft,fqhshy,"I've been taking advantage of this quarantine to tinker with my hair routine.&&&&&&Thank you for the compliment! I also just posted the routine ❤️&&&My Routine: 

Every 5 to 6 days I use my Maui Moisture dry hair shampoo and deep condition with my Shea Moisture moisture retention conditioner. After about 2 days I will do a conditioner wash with the moisture retention conditioner.

I use the same conditioner as a daily leave-in, about 1-2 pea size amounts. In circular hand rubbing motions I ""whip up"" the leave-in so I get more even distribution when I smooth and scrunch it into my wet hair. After the leave in is in my hair its time for me to use my bamboo bristle paddle brush to get out all the knots and tangles in my hair. 

Next, I will work in my homemade flaxseed hair gel. I'll keep my essential oil infused water spray bottle nearby if I need more moisture in my hair. Scrunching and smoothing gel from my ends and midsections all the way up to my roots. I make sure that my hair is really saturated with the gel (hear it squish).

I will plop my hair for 20 minutes to 40 minutes. Now I'll clip my roots for a bit more volume (I will remove them when my hair is at least 90% dry). After I decide to either diffuse dry on low heat or to air-dry.

Once my hair has been dry for at least 20ish minutes, I gently run a horn comb through my hair no more than 3 times. This breaks the gel cast and gives me a uniform wave pattern. If my hair falls a little bit too flat in any area, I am able to spritz a small amount of water and use a claw clip to force scrunch my hair until its in the position that I desire.&&&Thank you! Just posted is as requested ❤️"
anfleming,fqhshy,"wowie, yes your hair is amazing but your skin!!!!!!"
bambithedog,fqhshy,You look amazing. Drop your routine please!
brightyellowbug,fqhshy,Beautiful!
dangersiren,fqhshy,You are an absolutely stunning human being!!! Love the hair
ftmxagan,fqhshy,your skin is immaculate
ohitsjustdanny,fqhshy,So gorgeous
1700001,fq9btq,"Does oil such as verb ghost oil work as the only styler for wavy hair?&&&&&&I have fine, frizzy and wavy hair. Currently I just shampoo and condition, don't really follow the CGM. I tried using mousse and gel but both seemed to weigh my hair down. Ideally, I would like to shampoo and condition and use one styler. Does anyone have any recommendations?&&&I tried Devacurl lightweight gel and the regular one. And I tried the Herbal Esssence mousse. I also tried wave maker from devacurl. All of them seemed to weigh my hair down. Thank you so much!&&&Thank you so much!"
Jessachelle,fq9btq,"What shampoo and conditioner do you use? I’ve never used the Verb line that you’re asking about but when I started CG I bought some OGX Moroccan Curling Perfection curl cream and even though my waves have changed to 3A/3B curls since my hair is healthier this is one of my go to, holy grail products. It’s super lightweight, smells amazing, doesn’t break the bank and gives me smooth, shiny, soft waves and curls. I used it a ton during transition but I reach for it 8 out of 10 times even now. I know you don’t follow CG but it does have wax in it that can build up over time. Just FYI.&&&And idk what gel and or mousse you have tried but some are just really heavy and don’t work on wavies. If you still have the products try watering them down and you might be able to use them that way with better results."
lizzyborden321,fq9btq,"I have the same problem. When I put gel or mousse in, my hair looks good for 1 hour then my curls fall out."
trevorishy,fq9btq,"I also sometimes use a spray leave in like its a 10 and pair it with Chi silk infusion oil. I apply them on wet hair, scrunch it into my hair, plop and diffuse. I get loose waves and no frizz. However, the result is way better if I use a mousse or gel instead, because that's the only way I get more of a curl pattern not just loose waves. But depending on your curl pattern, like if you have barely loose waves, using the oil would take care of the frizz with the same results as mousse/gel. Maybe try Not your Mothers blue sea kale foam as its lighter than Herbal essence mousse."
coopsicle,fq96c2,"I’ve found Shea moisture products for my wavy hair always end up weighing them down because they are meant for more course hair, aka more buildup of unnecessary moisture on wavy hair.
I’d say you have around 2b curbs with proper care which is the same as me
What I’ve been doing is heavily simplifying it! I shampoo every other day because wavy hair accrues more build up, and I can definitely get away with every 3 days if I need.
My routine:
Wash every 2-3 days with briegeo curl charisma shampoo (only on scalp)
Condish for 5 mins while I wash my body
***BEFORE YOU GET OUT OF THE SHOWER RINSE HEAD WITH COLD WATER TO CLOSE PORES IN HAIR AND ENCOURAGE CLUMPING OF HAIR!!**
Don’t plop for so long because that can encourage it to become stringy! I usually do it for about 10 minutes MAX! Just enough to get the water not dripping!
On DAMP hair, I apply herbal essences totally twisted gel and let air dry (about half hour)
Scrunch our the crunch.
Whole process once out of the shower takes about half hour to about 45 mins to get to 85-90% dry and my waves have never looked better :)"
ray22222,fq96c2,What hair type am I and what routine should I use? (Half-asian hair)&&&&&&Thank you!! This is an incredible answer! I will definitely try this out :)
trevorishy,fq96c2,"I agree with the suggestion to use lightweight product. If you use a sulfate dandruff shampoo, you can just pair it with any conditioner with silicone like OGX or Aussie moist. Usually silicone stretches hair pattern a bit, so if want you also try Not Your Mother's products instead, with are silicone free. You can squish to condish and leave some of the rinse out conditioner as your leave in. To style, you can try to remove some of the water out before scrunching in your mousse to get better volume and encourage more waves. If you want less frizz, you can put the mousse on very soaking wet hair but you might get less volume. Using a gel instead of mousse might also encourage more definition."
Jessachelle,fq3zxj,This is so nice 💜
WeAreStarless,fq3zxj,the lorraine massey one? i uploaded a copy for you [here](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1sMMjLgb0CFhJofevHd0zb-eBPP9vHVyX/view)!
elianna7,fq3zxj,"CGM book?&&&Hi guys, 

I’m waiting for the book to come in the mail and I was wondering if anyone has found a PDF or ebook version? 

I know there’s a kindle one but I don’t have a kindle. I don’t care about purchasing it again in ebook form, I’m sooooo impatient. Let me know (:&&&you’re too kind!!! ❤️"
Sylvss1011,fq3wza,I’d say probably 2a? I would recommend you check out swavy curly Courtney on YouTube! She has hair similar to us and really helped me out
kswift0240,fq3wza,"Recommendations? Also, what type of hair is this?&&&&&&This was my first CGM-ish wash. Still trying to discover my hair’s potential. Here are some other hair pictures for reference:

[Other Hair Pictures](https://imgur.com/a/G1WLQ5g) 

The top one is what my hair previously looked like and the bottom one is how it dried after CGM. 

TIA!"
Nichicara,fq2dv0,"Gorgeous lady, gorgeous hair. I wish I could get mine to cooperate. My top layer just loves to be straight."
Saltymija,fq2dv0,"Girrrrlll save a life today and post that routine plsss! Your hair looks beautiful, by the way. Wavy dreams are made of diss"
amygrindhaus,fq2dv0,Drop that routine giiiiiiirl!
fashionvomit,fq2dv0,cute!!
hcharron8315,fq2dv0,"Hair cooperating today!&&&&&&Thank you wow!
 So my routine is pretty basic, I use garnier fructis curl nourishing shampoo and conditioner, a microfiber turbo twist towel, and Cantu Shea butter natural hair coconut oil. I scrunch it upside down with my hands, and brush with my fingers. (Never brush wet with brush) I let it air dry and call it a day after that, I got pretty lucky with low maintenance hair!&&&Thank you so much wow&&&Thank you! It’s taken a long time for it to be uniform like this, I use a lot of coconut products&&&Thanks!&&&I did a couple comments up!&&&Thank you!"
hurray4dolphins,fq2dv0,Beautiful!!
missunderztanding,fq2dv0,Girl you is beautiful!
lily_maebelle,fpqvhe,"This could just be the way the picture came out, but my first thought was that your hair looks like it could be damaged. Get a couple inches chopped off and do some deep conditioning treatments. Once you do that you'll have a better idea of what your hair ""wants"" to do."
obtain_the_cheesePLS,fpqvhe,Any idea what my hair type is?&&&&&&Yeah... it’s always been a bit dry and I just can’t figure out how to get it behave
ronniedea,fpqvhe,"Looks like 2a but I'm sure if you treat them right it could be more like 2b, anyway they look a bit dehydrated :("
Jeschalen,fppeq9,"My shampoo and condition routine is down pat but my styling is still a work in progress.

It's really hard for me to scrunch out gel casts because my hair is thin and very fine and the clumps are generally thin/stringy. I'm also experimenting on how wet my hair should be when I start applying products. Some parts of my hair are only slightly wavy while some parts are full-on ringlets, it looks really odd most days. I feel that my hair actually looks better when I brush it out after its been styled/diffused - adds a bit of fluffy volume to my hair. My hair is cut short right now (just past my ears) so a lot of styling techniques don't seem to work as well.

I wash with a low-poo shampoo and use a silicone-free conditioner (on ends only). Once every week or two I'll use Shea Moisture's Manuka Honey & Yogurt deep conditioner in place of my regular conditioner. I could probably deep condition less than that but I have to use a medicated shampoo every few washes so that's when my hair needs the most help. 

I plop my hair with a microfibre towel while I do the rest of my morning routine. While my hair is still wet but not dripping, I use a tiny amount of leave-in conditioner (Lush Super Milk) on my ends, and Totally Twisted mousse. I prefer to diffuse because my hair is frizzy and looks greasy if  I let it air dry only."
LOLARISX,fppeq9,"I don't have ""CGM"" routine per se but tried and adopted a few things that work but still completely puzzled at large.

I have thin strands, but a lot of them (according to many people tho I don't really agree). I have balayage but the virgin part has low porosity. Despite of this my hair is super frizzy, even when I can get good wave definition, and feels coarse on wash day, even more so if I air-dry. It only feels soft(er) the next day or if I put my wet hair in a bun until it's dry (basically late in the evening).

""CGM"" I do:

* Detangling and distributing from rinse-off to styling products with Denman brush. This helps ""open"" my waves clump so I get volume. This also stretches out the waves on my canopy as my underlayer has weaker pattern.
* Plopping helps a lot for me to get root volume but I cannot find the time for this. I wash my hair in the morning and good plopping for me would be 1-2 hours then diffuse if I want to keep the wave pattern. But I never have time for this so my wet hair ends up in a bun a lot.

""Non-CGM"" I do:

* Use shampoo. I tried co-washing and proper CGM  a long time ago. My hair was absolutely icky. My scalp needs proper washing.
* Use silicones. I honestly don't know what to use for my strands. They needs a hella lot of moisture, but too heavy products would make them sticky and stringy plus they would creep up towards the scalp and made it greasy and disgusting. Silicones so far is the next best thing. I found a marvelous CG-safe conditioner from Alba Botanicals a long time ago but of course it's dc-ed.

I think we need to have a master list for successful products / products review for wavy hair particular woes. One of which is scalps that get greasy easily, roots that get weighed down easily but with frizzy strands that are desperate for deep hydration/moisture."
TheCanadianRedhead,fppeq9,"I use either head and shoulders/live clean/Shea moisture shampoo. I find that I need the tougher ones occasionally or else I’ll get dandruff. After that I S2C with the garnier whole blends oatmeal conditioner and detangle with a wide tooth comb. I rinse all of my conditioner out. After that, I scrunch a little bit of the as I am leave in conditioner into my hair, followed by the tiniest amount of the cantu curl activator. I microplop, then I scrunch in my Argan oil Ecostyle gel. I then microplop again, and after that I do a full plop so I don’t mess up my waves while I get dressed. 
 I never EVER cowash. Ever. It makes my hair feel gross, so then I feel gross. I also wash my hair every single day or else my roots get greasy."
The__Lemon_,fppeq9,"I have 2C/3A type hair (wavy hair with some curls). My hair cant hold too much product or it starts weighing down and not looking to great. I'm still trying to find the right method bc I moved to a dry climate and my hair ain't lovin it. But imma tell you my routine that it helping a bit 

•shampoo only the scalp. Condition the rest but show a little love on top. I let my conditioner sit for a bit before washing out. 

•I take a thick leave-in-conditioner and detangle my hair and then with cold water I rinse. (After the leave in conditioner has been in my hair for about 20 min or longer) 

•while my hair is still sopping wet I take argan oil and a very LIGHT leave-in-conditioner; rake and scrunch. Then I just plop my hair in a cotton shirt for 20/25 min, to let my products seep in

• after I take it out and my hair is damp I take a light weight curl cream ( I like the not your mothers curl cream with rice water. PROTIEN IS THE BEST THING FOR WAVY HAIR) I scrunch mousse into my hair and then I use a gel with the praying hands method then scrunch a little bit.

• Dont touch your hair while drying. Sometimes i twist my hair if my waves /curls are looking deflated or I'll just mist my hair and scrunch more.

TIPS

•if transitioning braids really helped for me

• since wavy hair tends to have less volume you can always put in hair clips while its drying

• ALOT OF Mousse also helps with volume

• your hair cut can also help with wavy hair. For me, personally, since I have really long hair and its thick and heavily my waves and curls have been weight down. A little trim and thinning really helps. Also for the style of hair; i like long layers but ask for a lot of volume on the top. 

• cold water helps as it closes your hair follicles and I found it to shape and hold my waves better.

• gells are nice but be careful of the ones that can make your hair crunch. Gells are also great for frizz.

• oils (but keep it light unless your hair can handle it) 

• if you live in a dry place hydrate your hair with hair milks, moisturizer, creams, leave In conditioners

• at night when going to sleep use protective hairstyles: braids, lose bun, silk scarf

•wash your hair 1-3 times a week. Really if its starts being greasy

•refreshing your hair type:  just mist it and if need too put your favorite oil in it.

• lastly dont use regular towels on hair. It really damages and breaks it. Use a cotton shirt or a microfiber towel. If scrunching I recommend your hands tbh.


Alright DONE FINALLY LOOOL. if you're just starting your hair journey dont be bummed or sad its not turning out the way you want it. Once you start transitioning your hair..... itll go through some weird stages but just keep going at it and results will come. Just trust the process. it will take time but just love yourself and everything will be all right."
VintageWitchcraft,fppeq9,"I second that wavy hair likes to have a comb or brush run through it after the gel cast has dried!

Currently I prefer to use my horn comb because it doesn't nearly flatten out my wave pattern as much as my bamboo bristle brush."
cinnamorolllll,fppeq9,"literally same here with that same mask!!! it smelled so good too and left my hair amazing but i ran out and never repurchased, but i noticed over time without using it my hair hasnt been so weighed down"
dianacakes,fppeq9,"I'm learning that I may have to go back to silicones too. Non-silocone moisturizers seem to be too heavy. If it works, then go with it!"
elianna7,fppeq9,"What’s YOUR curly girl method?&&&Hi!! 

I want all of you to comment what your CGM is. Wavies need different things than curly/coilies, so the CGM, fully, doesn’t often work for us wavies. 

There’s a LOT of info here and it can be a bit confusing to navigate. Us wavy girls have to use the CGM differently than 3/4 hair types because, well, we don’t have curls! Our hair is a lot more sensitive to product weighing it down, which in turn makes it look straight. We also feel grease (and see it) more easily. 

I want everyone who sees this to share their version of the CGM. No hating on others routines or telling them this or that is bad, just share what the CGM is to YOU and how you make it work. 

What are your rules? Do you clarify? With sulfates? Do you diffuse? Do you plop? What products do you use? Do you bleach/dye? Do you co-wash? What are some tips for other wavy girls? 

What DID NOT work for you from the OG CGM? What did?
Share literally everything that works for you!!! 

*One of the most important things I’ve learned that everyone needs to keep in mind is that we are all so different. We can have the exact same hair type/curl pattern and react completely differently to the same products. Just because something doesn’t work for you doesn’t mean it won’t be someone else’s holy grail and vice versa. Always remember that when you read/watch people’s product reviews.*&&&Try the Mane Club cha-ching deep conditioning mask! I got it at CVS, it’s like 3$ and lasts 3-4 uses (more or less depending how much hair you hair but a little goes a long way). It’s made my hair feel amazing!! I use the Kinky Curly come clean shampoo to clarify, I’m still new too so idk how often I need to use it yet but I’m thinking every 1.5-2 weeks. (:&&&I haven’t yet tried to cowash, I plan on doing it next time I wash. I’m very nervous!!!"
pishisiayh,fppeq9,"I'm still transitioning, so I don't have much to share. But the only thing I noticed is that after using a hair mask (DevaCurl melt into moisture) which made my hair look great at first, I got build up on my hair and nothing would work anymore, until I used a sulfate shampoo to completely clear my hair from all the products. (It was my first hair mask experience, so I didn't know much, and probably I still don't...)&&&Do you make the flaxseed gel yourself?"
plentypapaya,fppeq9,"I low-poo about 3 times a week, use a silicone free conditioner, and detangle with a large shower comb.  I put a leave in on the ends.   I squeeze out excess water, then put in my stylers.   

I alternate what stylers I use (always silicone free).  Usually a gel, as well as maybe a curl cream or mousse or curl enhancer.    I make homemade products sometimes.    

I plop, then diffuse with an orchid diffuser.   I dry each section for about a minute.   I scrunch out the crunch at some point later in the day.   I never dry brush my hair.  

I pineapple at night, and sleep on a satin pillow case.   

I clarify about once a month.   I try to deep condition about once a month as well, but often don’t due to time reasons."
ronniedea,fppeq9,"Wavy and also very thin hair makes it hard to follow the cgm properly, so I'm still adjusting! 
To wash I mostly use a cowash (which is really just a solid conditioner from lush), to clarify I use low poo. I've tried different things in the past months and from what I saw I can say: rice water is amazing, used to rinse or as a mask adding some conditioner, it gives elasticity and shine. While hydrating masks completely weight down any wave, even if my hair shine and smell divine after. I also tried some homemade mask with ""light"" ingredients as aloe and yogurt but didn't see the results I had with rice water! 
Also flaxseed gel! Amazing! Super light and doesn't make that awful cast on my hair, whenever I want more definition I add some gel to the flaxseed.
Out of the shower I usually microplop while getting dressed, so 5-10 minutes, and diffuse on medium heat because if I let my hair air dry it can take 2-3 hours (my hair is super thin but also impossible to dry) 
As I said I'm still adjusting, haven't found the one and only way too go, also I'm one of those who likes to try even if the products I'm currently using work, so sometimes I try different things for the heck of it.. I was willing to try a mousse but I live in Italy and most of the stuff that I see you wavies recommend doesn't exist here, and I don't want to spend 20€ online (: AND not to forget, almost everything shut down due to this virus, so I'm sticking with what I already have lol"
syd_ann96,fppeq9,"I'm still transitioning...I use the suave daily clarifying shampoo or a sulfate free shampoo and nym curl talk 3 in 1 conditioner to cowash/condition. When I clarify once a week, I use the Shea moisture power protein treatment. On soaking wet hair, I apply Aussie curl cream and then Aussie instant freeze gel using the roping/scrunching methods. Scrunch with a tshirt and plop for about 20 min. Take out plop and air dry. Once hair is 100% dry sotc with suave keratin oil."
unicornvega,fppeq9,"I use: 
Yes to carrots shampoo (I have mad dandruff and I use this to treat it as it has salicylic acid in it- I also use SA directly on my scalp sometimes to exfoliate it) 
Garnier hair food coconut and macadamia to condition 
Wrap in microfibre towel after washing (I also brush or comb it through)
When it’s no longer soaking I put cantu curl activator through follow by Shea moisture gel. 

I usually twist hair to encourage curling and less frizz. The back is near straight in some places so I have to encourage it a bit more.

I sometimes Cowash but unfortunately my scalp doesn’t react well"
xsharmander,fppeq9,"I'm glad you said you wash your hair every day. I do it every other day now but at first I was letting 2-3 days go by to follow OG CGM and I'm much happpier.&&&Thanks for making this!

Two game changers for me: 

Using a wide tooth comb to distribute leave-in and gel. I am a thicc wavy, so prayer method (learned from OG CGM) was not working for me. 

Wash my hair as often as I need to! OG CGM tells us to let 2-3 days go by, but I realized I need to wash every other day, or else I get an itchy scalp and I get moody (hah!)"
Emergency_Pea,fph1qt,Routine? Your hair is gorgeous!
Jessachelle,fph1qt,"I definitely did. And actually even though my hair was pretty healthy right off, it’s even better now and I went from 2B on a good day to mostly 2C/3B. ❤️ your hair is beautiful btw, love your color!"
Sylvss1011,fph1qt,"Anyone else start the CGM with healthy, undamaged hair, and still see a big improvement in curl?&&&&&&Thank you!&&&Thank you!! Here’s my routine 

I use suave naturals shampoo and Pantene silicone free volume conditioner. Then I style with strictly curls foam and NYM curl talk gel. I play around with what exactly I do, but typically I use the curl foam in the shower while my hair is really wet, then I’ll plop my hair for about 10 minutes while I get dressed. I add in the gel when I take my hair down, then hover diffuse my roots until I feel like the gel cast has hardened enough (about 5 minutes), then I let it air dry the rest of the way. I never need to scrunch out the crunch cause i don’t get a crunch really, and I sleep on a silk pillowcase with my hair down. Oh and i also don’t scrunch too much when styling, because I prefer the larger curl clumps. That’s what I do on average, but I’m always messing around with it slightly. I don’t switch up products though until I’ve completely used up what I have. I do also use a suave clarifying shampoo paired with the Shea moisture protein treatment used as conditioner every so often when I feel like I need it. Hope that helps!&&&I use suave naturals shampoo and Pantene silicone free volume conditioner. Then I style with strictly curls foam and NYM curl talk gel. I play around with what exactly I do, but typically I use the curl foam in the shower while my hair is really wet, then I’ll plop my hair for about 10 minutes while I get dressed. I add in the gel when I take my hair down, then hover diffuse my roots until I feel like the gel cast has hardened enough (about 5 minutes), then I let it air dry the rest of the way. I never need to scrunch out the crunch cause i don’t get a crunch really, and I sleep on a silk pillowcase with my hair down. Oh and i also don’t scrunch too much when styling, because I prefer the larger curl clumps. That’s what I do on average, but I’m always messing around with it slightly. I don’t switch up products though until I’ve completely used up what I have. I do also use a suave clarifying shampoo paired with the Shea moisture protein treatment used as conditioner every so often when I feel like I need it. Hope that helps!&&&About two months and one haircut lol. The haircut helped A LOT"
dianacakes,fph1qt,What is the time difference between first and last picture?
ire2012,fph1qt,You give me hope :)
msequestrian,fph1qt,What's your routine?  Your hair looks similar to mine!
OrbFjord,fp556c,"I was skeptical. But here's a week's progress.&&&&&&Seeing some actual spirals after a week of following some of the CGM tips. I am most surprised that co-washing isn't leaving my scalp oily and itchy. I've tried going without washing at all before and it just makes my scalp itch like crazy. Also surprised I'm seeing a few really defined waves already. 

Daily routine:
- Co-wash, put on a ton more conditioner and comb through while it's still wet in the shower, then rinse (but not all the way)
- Gently ring out excess water from hair and immediately plop into a t-shirt for about 20-30 minutes
- Gently work in a golf ball sized blob of LA Looks gel, plop again for another 30 minutes or so
- Use a hair dryer on low air and scrunch with hand while pointing dryer until about 50% dry (I need to get a diffuser)

And that's it! So if anyone is on the fence about trying it - do it! It's really easy, I only spent like $5 on a huge bottle hair gel, and if you're quarantined, no one can see you if your hair ends up a mess. 🙂"
thistimeofdarkness,fp556c,"It looks awesome! Before I got a diffuser, I put panty hose over the end of my blow dryer. I actually think it worked better than my diffuser does."
Dismal_Explorer,fp34gy,"I'm assuming you're using silicone free products? Silicones are baaad baaaaad news for fine haired oily folk. I'd recommend just using a gentle, sulfate free shampoo,  and using a clarifying (sulfate) shampoo as needed to remove build up. My hair is very fine with only a slight wave to it, so for me, so I go in with a clarifying shampoo about once every couple weeks, usually followed by a hair mask. Cowashing ain't for everyone, but especially if your hair and scalp isn't naturally drier."
LetsWatchTheEnd,fp34gy,I second this! Cowashing typically may not be the best for wavies. We don’t really need the extra moisture and we are very susceptible to build up so definitely use a clarifying  shampoo every few weeks and follow up with a deep conditioner for about 30 minutes.
syd_ann96,fp34gy,"Weekly wash routine help!&&&I have very fine hair and a scalp that suffers from build up/oil pretty easily. I have been washing with shampoo every 3 days and cowashing in between. So I'll shampoo, refresh, cowash, refresh, shampoo....but my scalp is greasy and itchy from product build up by the end of the day I cowash! And I scrub until my fingertips are numb. Using less product has helped tremendously, but unfortunately not enough. Would it be bad for my hair if I shampoo, refresh, cowash, shampoo? Trying to figure out a regular routine is a pain in the butt and any advice would be so helpful!"
