index,id,comments
pissgender,f8khaj,I used to use their shampoos and conditioners. I liked them and I've only heard good things from others about them.
susannala,f8khaj,Acure?&&&Has anyone used the brand Acure? I haven’t heard many people talking about it but it is affordable and I’m wondering if anyone has any experience with their products (shampoo/ conditioner) or has heard anything negative about them.
MediumMonth,f8jxc1,This happened to me too! I think my scalp needed the clarifying from sulphates all along
SkipBoat,f8jxc1,Routine pls
munchkinkush,f8jxc1,Is this weird?&&&Not gonna lie feeling like kind of a failure. Started the curly girl method December 2018 and quit January of 2020. I had tried a bunch of products but I guess I never found the right ones? My scalp was always in pain/ had breakouts and my hair looked more straight to me than when I started. Since going back to non natural products my scalp is so much better and my waves have come through way more. I often wonder if I should try again. If anyone has any advice I wouldn’t mind trying it again!
pissgender,f8jh49,what do you use currently?
realslickguy,f8jh49,any suggestions for styling products? this is generally the curliest my hair gets&&&&&&currently i just use sulfate free shampoo and conditioner every 2nd ish day. i just comb it into a left parting and hope it forms into my desired style lmao. if i dont have time to wait for it to air dry ill use a blow dryer w a diffuser.
Anmave69,f8ja1t,Low porosity hair styles better with damp hair vs. soaking wet hair (at least mine does).
RadishDerp,f8ja1t,"I used to apply all my product on soaking wet hair and I found it gave me bigger clumping, however it also trapped a bunch of water in my strands which weighed me right down. Now what I do is add my curl cream on soaking wet hair, micro plop with a t shirt, and then add my gel. My clumps are less big but I get better volume and definition!"
floorj20,f8ja1t,It tends to weigh down my hair when I apply products to my hair when it is soaking wet! I also get a better cast when I apply foam/gel on my damp hair.
mercurys-daughter,f8ja1t,"I feel like when I put it on wet hair, it’s gone by the time my hair is dry idk"
pissgender,f8ja1t,"usually for volume or texture. 

damp styling = thinner curl clumps, less water in hair (lighter in weight). so your hair has more lift and the texture is more intricate

wet styling = thicker curl clumps, more moisture. you hair may be heavier but less frizz and you will have a more clumped texture"
vcast002,f8ja1t,"Why do some wavies apply product on damp hair?&&&Hey I have 2c thick, coarse and high porosity waves. New to this sub and was noticing that a lot of people here apply product on damp hair instead of wet hair? Is there a reason for that? I’m new to wearing natural hair and just trying to figure out what will work for me. TIA"
gretfed,f7sr8i,Looking lowpoo recs for 2a low porosity wavy gray hair... Thanks!&&&
Pixelline,f7lsjy,Homemade or zero waste products&&&Hi everyone! Does anyone have any suggestions to homemade products or zero waste hair products that really work?
pissgender,f7lsjy,flaxseed gel really works and it's amazing! super easy to make and can be zero waste if you find the right place to get your flaxseeds
thegreypoet,f7lsjy,I've not tried it yet; but rye flour for shampoo?
wickedwavy,f7lsjy,Rice water rinses really work well too.
Ilovegarlicbread101,f7koyy,First day of doing the cgm method after not doing it for a while.&&&
LittleBlue91,f7b8zi,"How do you apply the mousse?&&&I recently had this problem and I had no idea how to fix it so I bought the shea moisture 10 in 1 hair mask, hoping that it would have what I need in it. It's not fully CG Approved as it has drying alcohols in it, but it certainly helped perk my hair up. Now I just need to figure out why xD"
Oakenwood1200,f7b8zi,"I use this and it provides just enough wavy hold. Don’t know if it’s CG approved, but it works for my hair and my hair will dry a lot faster with this than when I use gel, which is always a plus. 


https://www.ulta.com/curl-recoil-curl-activator?productId=xlsImpprod2490021"
gretfed,f7b8zi,"I use Recoil, too. Winter dry air has been making my hair straighter, so last night I applied it after plopping. Used scrunching motion rather than my usual praying hands. Followed with a tiny bit of LA Looks gel. Clipped front for volume, then let air dry. Then pineappled and went to sleep. Scrunched put the crunch this morning, and my waves looked pretty good."
joysielynn,f7b8zi,"My little sister has wavy hair and we’ve found that leave in conditioner and Aloe Vera Gel is her holy grail! It’s super lightweight, keeps the hold and is a great refresher"
leavesinthenorthwind,f7b8zi,"If it feels limp and kind of dead/too soft, you might benefit from some protein in your products or a protein treatment. 

Personally, a little bit of a light gel, half drying my hair, and then adding a palm of mousse before finishing drying gets me the best results."
theresaketo,f7b8zi,"I found mousse works best after I plop for 10 minutes. It helps me from getting that stringy look when I apply to soaking wet hair. Gel always makes my hair feel dry. 

My current routine for my fine 2B/2C hair is:

Cowash with Shea Moisture Coconut & Hibiscus Curl conditioner. Brush through with a Denman brush. 

Add quarter size Shea Moisture Curl Enhancing smoothie, brush through. Then add 3 pumps innersense I create Lift to root and the Shea Moisture Curl & Shine Mouse (About 6 pumps). Then I brush through and leave my hair brushed back. 

Plop for 10 minutes

Then add Herbal Essence Totally Twisted Mousse. I use praying hands and scrunch up from the bottom. I use about 2 baseball size palm full.  

I also do a protein mask once a week. My hair, especially the top is really heat damaged from straightening it."
yuumoe,f7b8zi,"Following this thread because I have the same issue despite clarifying my hair.. it's less curly than it was before, even though I'm using the same products.

Hope we both find some help!"
zenandshine,f7b8zi,"Wavies, what type of products work best for you?&&&My hair has slowly gotten less and less curly with time. I'm now around 2B and I'm feeling so lost around what products to use. Creams used to be my holy grail, but now they don't seem to have enough hold. Gell is too heavy, and mousse leave me string. Help!&&&I so feel this! The same exact products that I used for years are now leaving my hair a total mess. It's such a bummer :(&&&I actually have this and gave up on it! I'll have to try it out again :)"
Payasa69,f6w67z,"Just a question&&&Does Not Your Mother's ""All Eyes On Me"" 10 in 1 hair perfecter good for thick wavy hair? It contains cyclopentasiloxane and Cyclohexasiloxane which I have heard are silicones. Do any of you have positive or negative experiances with the product?"
idontknowyou14,f6vqor,Help me determine what type my hair is! Curly in the back wavy in the front.. Is it just from damage? Years of highlighting - not much heat styling&&&
spawnof-seitan,f6vqor,"looks like 2b. If your curls spiral, youre probably a mix of 2b-2c."
Sylvss1011,f6cd0y,Same 🤦🏼‍♀️ my left side just isn’t with it
helenka_,f6cd0y,The right side living it’s best life and the left is just... not?&&&
honeyxlatte,f6cd0y,Same my left side ain’t with it. Your bangs are super cute too btw! :)
lucysprotege,f6cd0y,Ugh mine too. Right side has 3 natural ringlets and left one looks like straws. I don’t get it!
mrylizbeth,f6cd0y,🙋🏻‍♀️ same here. Right side killing it! Left side kinda poopy
pissgender,f6cd0y,both sides look great to me!!
-demesne-,f5y7km,I brush mine when wet cos my roots get soooo knotty.
AmilesSecrets,f5y7km,"Knots in hair?&&&Hey, so I have reasonably wavy hair (if I had to guess 2a-2b). The hair strands themselves are fine but I have a lot of hair making it appear pretty thick. I know a big part of the curly girl method is not to brush my hair but when I wake up in the morning or leave my hair unbrushed for a few days my waves will be beautiful but there will be decent clumps of knotted hair in the underneath layers (also tends to happen when I do brush my hair but less) Is that normal? Should I be finger combing them out or trying to remove them when I shower/bathe. I'm still new to the idea that my hair isn't straight as I grew up with my mum slicking it back, flat ironing it or just brushing out the wave I did have till it was poofy managable. I don't have much practice and I'm kind of clueless past some YouTube videos. Help about this issue but also just advice in general would be great.&&&Honestly not much. Sometimes I will put it in a ponytail but it tends to fall out. I shall try the top knot though thank you 😊&&&Interesting! I know there is a big aversion to brushing dry from people with curly hair. I don't know it the rules change if you're on the wavy side but may try if out. Thanks 😊"
FionaGoodeEnough,f5y7km,"Sometimes I dry brush the back from underneath, just to get out the worst tangles, but leave the prettiest waves intact. Most of the time I pineapple my hair on a scrunchy, while wearing a wide cloth headband to keep product off of my face.

I also often sweep everything up into a bun on day 2 or 3, and save leaving my hair loose for wash days.

I haven’t tried this yet, but I am considering braiding the hair at the nape of my neck before pineappling. That’s the least wavy part of my hair, so I am hoping this strategy will both avoid the worst tangles, and bring that section of hair in line with the rest."
elsinb,f5y7km,Do you do anything to your hair when you sleep? That's made a huge difference for me. I twirl it into a bun on the top of my head.
mercurys-daughter,f5y7km,My hair tangles a lot too and I find that it actually looks best on day 2 if I brush it dry and then use a spray bottle to dampen+scrunch!
Duskbrown,f5lhw1,I’m surprised you can use the 100% coconut oil condish for wavy hair. Weighs mine down.
bionicmoonbeam,f5lhw1,This sounds promising! What does it smell like?
lalamommy25,f5lhw1,Cantu curl activating cream works really well for my wavy 2a/2b/2c hair
smeegret,f5lhw1,Not Your Mother's Curl Talk works well for me and I have 2a/2b hair that hates heavy creams. It allows my hair to get closer to 2c.
thenavylark,f5lhw1,"Pacifica pineapple swirl worked really well for me.  I am also trying out Cantu, so far ok."
wavycourtney,f5lhw1,"Wavy hair curl cream?&&&Hi! I have 2b/2c extremely fine waves and had been using DC wavemaker with great results, however decided to switch after hearing about the amount of people with damage. I'm looking for another cream which could replace it. I try to follow CG. I'm not following a particular routine every day but some of the products I use most often (but not all at once):
- Giovanni tea tree shampoo 
- Herbal Essences clarifying sulfate shampoo
- SM 100% coconut oil conditioner 
- Kinky Curly knot today 
- Curls Blueberry Bliss leave in 
- Ecoslay orange marmalade
- Herbal essences totally twisted mousse

I've been really missing the texture and curl definition/hold I got from using wavemaker. Any recs would be super helpful!&&&I have to be really careful that I rinse all of it out or it does weight it down.&&&How do you use it? I've used it in the past and I felt like I always put way too much :/"
Californiapoppy33,f5iab9,Looks amazing! What’s is your routine?
Meredith178,f5iab9,Love your frames!
brookebrookebrookek,f5iab9,"One week difference! Seeing progress&&&&&&For this particular day I used a cowash, then Kristen ess’ new curl line, garnier fructis gel sopping wet, Aragan oil and plopped, then used a diffuser to dry.&&&Thanks! Warby Parker, highly recommend the brand."
