index,id,comments
Dismal_Explorer,fvkow4,"I have found that my hair always looks better if I leave a little bit unscrunched?? It will usually scrunch itself out as I go about my day anyway. I do also find, and I have no idea why this is, if I scrunch it out and it falls a bit flat, but I then re-scrunch with a little water, the waves come back lol"
LetsWatchTheEnd,fvkow4,Just came here to say this! For wavy hairs it’s sometimes better not to rake the product through. Use praying hands and then scrunch in thoroughly.
hauntedfollowing,fvkow4,"Raking product into my hair definitely stretched my waves out, so I have to use the praying hands method. I'm not sure it will make a difference for you, since you're getting nice waves with the cast, but worth a shot?"
lilo2929,fvkow4,"SOTC Help?!&&&My waves will be really defined when it is in a cast but once I SOTC my waves fall flat and almost disappear. Does anyone have any tips or advice?
 
Routine: wash with raw sugar truly unruly shampoo and conditioner. Then I spray Hask keratin protein 5 in 1 leave in spray in my hair and scrunch in AG Re:coil, micro plop and then rake and scrunch in CHI Aloe Vera Defined control gel. I plopping for 20 minutes and the air dry, once dry I SOTC.&&&Ok thanks, I’ll play around with the product amount.&&&Thanks, I’ll try the water scrunching lol and leaving some unscrunched&&&I don’t think so based on my hairs texture with the product in and not in, it doesn’t seem like it has protein over load"
pissgender,fvkow4,are you perhaps overdoing it on the protein?
roxemary,fvkow4,"I think you might be doing too much to your hair. I'm not familiar with the products, but they might be weighing in down. Also, after breaking the cast the waves will always be less defined, so try to leave some behind. Also, using a little heat while diffusing might help with forming a better cast."
Jeschalen,fv5f4v,Nice! What's your routine?
getsome_socialskills,fv5f4v,"This is when I started pulling myself out of my depression by taking care of my hair vs. Now 😌 finally got my waves to come back and have the longest hair I've ever had 🥰&&&&&&Ok strangely eating a lot of avocados really helped, bc of all the good fats and nutrients. I wash with a ginger garnier whole nutrients shampoo and condish every 3rd day. Every other time I do a deep condition after that. And when my hair is damp I scrunch with not your mothers curl mousse, and part my hair behind my ears so it all lays in the front rather than on my back. It sounds like a lot when I say it all to coax out better waves....😔"
lavacaakess,fv5f4v,"Your hair looks so nice. I have found that letting my hair be natural instead of fighting it straight is less work. 

I wash my hair before bed and sleep with a microfibre turban. I actually have 2 turbans. I put one on when I get out of shower and put on a dry one after I add my products. 

When I get up the next morning I remove the turban and my hair finishes drying by the time I’m ready to leave (when I used to leave haha been at home for the last 3 weeks). 

You can tie a long sleeved tshirt over your hair in place of a turban."
doglovingteacher,fv10is,Thick and dry&&&My hair is fairly thick 2Bish with fairly low porosity. It seems odd because my roots seem dryer than my ends. I struggle to wash my hair because the roots just don’t get wet. I scrub my scalp and everything just gets terribly tangled and dry and still can’t get wet. I then have to use a ridiculous amount of conditioner because of how dry and tangled even just a cowash makes it. I’ve thought of maybe getting a stronger conditioner but that doesn’t seem to work well for me either cause then my waves get weighed down. Any advice on what my issue might be or what products or techniques may work? I’ve currently been using DevaCurl delight and styling products but had been wanting to transition to something cheaper anyways.
roxemary,fv10is,"Use scalp brushes! They are designed for that specific purpose and are dirty cheap. Also, when washing your roots, use a side to side motion instead of circular, that forms the tangles. I think Brad mondo has a video just about how to wash your hair :)"
Jeschalen,fuz8ow,"Based on your routine, is it possible there's too many heavy/moisturizing products? Flakes might be from one of the products you're using, or product build-up."
Knit_Psyche,fuz8ow,"Your 4th wash hair really reminds me of my hair when I started the curly girl method in October!  You might have better results with loo poo than co-washing, as wavy hair can be easily stretched out with weight. I have noticed you have a lot of products with humectants and oils in your routine, but only one with protein, which can also be problematic.

On the other hand, just playing with application techniques can making a huge difference. I try to change one variable at a time so I can see what are the effects. I would say though that time was a big help. With time, and without changing products, my waves got better and started lasting longer."
elisha411,fuz8ow,"Are you using "" pray hands"" to distribute the product before plopping?"
kaylee533,fuz8ow,"A few thoughts on the flakes, as I recently tackled a similar issue. I had been dealing with little flakes for months, basically since I started my hair journey. I have changed up a few things and I thankfully haven't had issues recently! 

Others have mentioned that it could be product build up, and I think that was part of my problem. I use a basic scalp scrubber that I got online, and I think that helps me really get my scalp extra clean! I also use the Suave clarifying shampoo when I feel I need it (usually one to two months or so. But I also don't fully follow the CGM...). 

I also think a dry scalp was a pretty big part of my problem. To address this, I use a very moisturizing hair mask once a week, and I make sure to massage it into my scalp as well. I know conditioning products aren't ""supposed"" to go right on your scalp, but I really think this made the biggest difference for me!

This video by Manes by Mell helped me a lot:  https://youtu.be/enY4VqHB9Nw

All of her videos are super helpful, and even though she has fairly tight curls, her application techniques are pretty universal! Hopefully this helps :)"
mistergreenside,fuz8ow,"I have fine 2a-2b hair as well and I’ve been trying different modified versions of the cgm for like 7 months now, here’s my two cents: try out a mousse. I enjoy gel and I think it definitely has its place in my hair routine for specific occasions but I found that with finer wavy hair mousse tends to help it hold shape a lot better and a lot longer since it’s not as heavy. You don’t get that same sotc satisfaction out of it, but I find when using mousse my high porosity hair takes a bit less time to dry (so it looks better faster) and looks much much better on day 2 after wash day. Also if you’re going to use a leave in I’d use like barely any at all I’m talking pinky fingernail amount otherwise you’ll look like a greaseball lol speaking from experience"
ouryellowsubmarine,fuz8ow,"Sometimes some products don't work together. I'd suggest mixing a small amount of the leave in and gels in your palm and if the mixture is smooth, you're good to go. If the mixture forms small curds, then I'd suggest changing what you use. After doing this little mixing test, I figured which products work together well and which don't. This helped me a lot with getting rid of that ""tiny flakes of debris"" look in hair after sotc. I think what causes is the fact some products just don't work well together and end up sitting on top of each other, if that makes sense. I hope this helps! :)"
professionalhippo1,fuz8ow,"4th CGM wash day. Looking for advice on what to tweak for my next wash day. My issues I would like to address - the waves fell flat after SOTC, my hair looks greasy, my hair has tiny flakes of debris. The left is just before SOTC. Routine posted in comments.&&&&&&Thanks for the reply! Definitely possible on both accounts! This was my first time using a protein product (the leave in conditioner) so I wanted to try to keep it balanced but I could have overdone the moisture. ThAnd I tried a co-wash today since I washed my hair after 3 days instead of my usual 4-5 because I just found out I have wavy hair so I’m excited to keep trying lol. Do you think I should try a lo poo next time or clarify? I could also probably try SOTC with a t shirt instead of oil on my hands.&&&Yes that makes perfect sense! Thank you!!&&&Yes it is all one layer. I cannot wait to get it cut once all the pandemic precautions are lifted!&&&Today was actually my first time trying praying hands. I had been raking.&&&Yes, today was my first wash using any protein at all! I had to order everything on line because of the pandemic so it all kind of came staggered over several days. I was thinking I could alternate lo poo and co-washing in between clarifying washes but maybe co-washing might not be right for me at all. It’s so hard to know if it’s the weight of my hair being all one length or the weight of all the moisture the products. I wish there were a magic easy button to tell me 😂. I guess that’s why they call this a hair journey 🙂&&&Thank you so much for replying! I actually just got a scalp scrubber in the mail and I love it! I’ll check out that video!&&&Co wash - As I am coconut co-wash with scalp scrubber, Jessicurl Aloeba daily conditioner, squish to condish and rinsed out, Blueberry bliss reparative leave in conditioner, Jessicurl Rocking ringlets styling potion (squished in soaking wet hair), Jessicurl Spiralicious gel (also soaking wet), Plop in T shirt for 10ish minutes, La looks extreme sport gel squished in with water, Black orchid diffuser to 50%, air dried to 95% (#tooimpatient) 
Scrunch out the crunch with avocado oil&&&Thank you! Excellent food for thought!"
thomelizsamu,fuz8ow,Is your hair all one length? Layers might help any heaviness causing your waves to fall flat.
Jeschalen,fuw341,"You may want to check out some videos about plopping, wet vs. dry styling, root clipping, and diffusing. It's a lot of experimentation but those are some techniques that might benefit you. I really like Curlmesweet's videos on youtube."
Spy_on_the_Inside,fuw341,"[ADVICE} 2a/2b, Just Starting Out and Completely Overwhelmed&&&For most of my life, my hair care routine has been shampoo, condition, argon oil, detangler, done. But with a certain plague keeping everyone indoors, I have been spending a lot more times researching beauty routines. I took to makeup and skincare easy enough, but where I am really struggling in researching wavy hair care routines.

Like I said, I think I'm a 2a/2b: thinner than a strand of sewing thread, can feel it between my fingers, holds curl pretty well (I've gotten really into rag and sock curls)

I'd say my my biggest problem I have with my hair is that it feels very lank and flat. My curl pattern is pretty similar to beach waves, but I would love to see what it looks like with a little more volume and lift.

My current hair care routine is washing it 2-3 times per week (whenever it feels dirty). I use Pantene Pro V for shampoo and conditioner, and I use Kevin Murphy Hydrate-Me Rinse once a week as a deep conditioner. I use Kerastase Masque Extensioniste about once or twice a month, mostly for when my hair gets very dry in the winter. And after washing, I use Kitoko Oil Treatment and then either Kinky curls or Hawaiian Silky as a detangler.

Any helpful advice for someone who has no idea where to start?

&#x200B;

Edit: Maybe if I start slow with just figuring out shampoo and conditioner, I can build out from there. I have been seeing a lot of people say I need a sulfate-free shampoo, but a lot of conflicting opinions on silicon in conditioner. And what is this I keep hearing about clarifying shampoo?"
Sylvss1011,fuw341, Would suggest looking up swavy curly Courtney on YouTube and finding her beginner curly girl video. She has 2a-2c fine hair and helped me a lot!
dianacakes,fuw341,"I second Swavy Curly Courtney on YouTube! She is great! Also the r/curlyhair subreddit has the whole curly girl method in the about section. If you have wavy hair, you might find that the exact curly girl method isn't right for your hair, but it's a great place to start to reset your hair (eliminate sulfates and silicones)."
marsim520,fuqyui,"You could try a leave in conditioner - those little pieces are probably dry, so a leave in is a good way to add moisture. You could even layer the leave in with a gel since you have curly hair. You’d be surprised how much added curl you can get with a lil product"
updrift,fuqyui,"is there a way for my to get rid of these little frizzy hairs?&&&&&&Oh alright! Thanks for the help. Any recommendations for the product?&&&Any tips would help, all i do is wash with shampoo and conditioner every other day"
zacharyjnick,fuqyui,I would recommend starting with maneline hair care shampoo. It’s a natural shampoo alternative. You can go to there website and learn more about that and even email the ceo Jeff on the contact page. Start with the shampoo. When you wash with shampoo make sure the water is not directly over your hair because that will flatten your hair making the frizz more prevalent. When you apply the shampoo don’t use too much and apply from the roots to the end and always remember to massage your hair. What’s your styling routine?
dontlikemangoes,fuo1my,"At a loss with my hair&&&Hey guys, so my hair is really, really thin (you can see my neck and back clearly when it's down). It also isn't a consistent wave pattern no matter what I do with it: some parts are straight, others are even 3a and 3b. Overall, I would say it's a 2a. I've been CG for maybe a year and a half. It looks better, but still bad. No matter what hold product I use, my wave pattern never stays consistent, and within a few hours it's a mess. I also have a ton of baby hair everywhere, and it looks like a mess when I put it up. Frizz is always a huge issue as well. I just don't know how to make it look decent :/ if any if you have similar hair and have found something that's worked for you, let me know.&&&I never thought of applying gel at different points in the drying process. Thanks! I'll definitely be trying out different applications :)&&&Thank you! I'll definitely give some of that a try!"
keylimegelato,fuo1my,"I also have pretty thin hair that (as of the last couple of months) refuses to hold its waves and I have not much to offer but sympathy! I'm planning on giving myself a trim and doing a rice protein treatment soon, and I've also been scalp massaging with rosehip oil the nights before wash days if any of that helps at all. don't give up on your hair!!"
trevorishy,fuo1my,"lts better if you just experiment with how you apply products rather than trying to buy new things while in quarantine. You can try applying your gel on soaking wet hair, without scrunching any water before that. If dry frizzy hair with no definition is the issue, its better to leave some of the conditioner in then glide on the gel gently before scrunching. Rake and shake method might loosen up your curl pattern compared to just scrunching in gel. But putting gel on wet hair would add drying time since you dont plop, and your hair would get less volume compared to putting in gel on damp hair."
pipermick,fuhy4y,"First time using Olaplex No. 3&&&&&&As the title said, I just used Olaplex No 3 for the first time today. My hair doesn't have massive damage but my curls just haven't been working as well and so have standard damage from life.  I really need a trim/styling as I'm growing out a pixie cut, and was going to have my first curly specific cut, but that got cancelled do to current events so I thought no would try this 

I started using a chelating shampoo a little while ago (Bumble and bumble Sunday Shampoo) and really love how it gets the mineral buildup out of my hair. Although it helped bring some life back to my hair my hair still seems blah.

The pics on the left are before I used it and the right is after. Although I had 2 ringletish spots before the rest of my hair just wasn't doing what it used to.

I'm really happy with the results!"
GimmeANamePlsPlsPls,fueiab,"I’ve had luck just using a sea salt spray and light finishing oil (I like Ouai when it’s in my budget) when I diffuse. I just spray generously with the salt spray and then scrunch the oil into damp hair. It gives pretty good texture and definition. If you like a more beachy, undone look you should give it a try!"
Nowyn_here,fueiab,"Styling products for very fine hair&&&I have very fine hair but a lot of it. It is wavy to curly but I lose curl really fast (in hours) and after I do my hair stick out. I have tried multiple different styling products but the issue is that it is so fine that they instead of giving me hold weigh my hair down. Any recommendations?&&&I find salt makes my hair stiff in a bad way. But maybe oil might work.&&&I have to look into how cheaply I will get it to my country.&&&I have but not that one. I will look into it. I'm going product free now but as after couple of hours my curl pattern has raveled and everything under 10 cm sticks straight out of my head, I would love to find a product that works for me.&&&I will put them on the list. I have sometimes a hard time getting stuff to my Northern periphery of a country."
Sylvss1011,fueiab,"Have you tried mousse? Mark Anthony strictly curls mousse makes a great cast and great hold. If not that, have you tried going product free?"
mercurys-daughter,fueiab,I love cake curl whip :)
trevorishy,fueiab,"I use Its a 10 leave in spray, Biosilk therapy and NYM blue sea kale foam, which are all lightweight and some contain protein which is good for fine hair."
BloodyMaryMargaret,fudiwn,"I recommend this technique by Swavy Curly Courtney: [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-qafabZtAzs](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-qafabZtAzs)

It helped me a lot with hair clumping!"
LetsWatchTheEnd,fudiwn,"On top of the great advice given in the two comments above, I would also like to say you might look into the products you’re using as well. The Aussie conditioner is not cgm approved and I’m not sure about the shampoo but it’s conditioner counterpart is not either. I also have no idea about your oil but be very vigilant with your ingredients. You may need new products. There’s a lot of cheap options out there that are cgm approved too, so don’t dispair. Definitely get you some good gel to apply after your oil. Walmart has a giant bottle called LA Looks for like 2 dollars. Apply to very wet hair and squish out the excess water when you scrunch it in."
Metropolitan_Commie,fudiwn,"I tried “squish to condish” and using a microfiber towel for the first time today! My hair has tons of potential but it’s very frizzy, and doesn’t clump well. How should I change my hair routine?&&&&&&I condition every day with Aussie Miracle Moist conditioner. Today I used it towards the end of my shower and let it sit for 1-3 minutes. Once a week I shampoo (after conditioning) with Pantene Pro-V Advanced Care 5 in 1 shampoo.
I used to brush and detangle after my hair dried but that made my hair super frizzy and killed my waves. Today I brushed and detangled before getting in the shower.
I used a microfiber towel this morning and gentle squished excess water out of my hair before letting it air dry.
I use a Surface Bassau Hydrating oil while my hair is still somewhat damp. I use prayer hands and scrunch my hair to apply it."
bearminmum,fudiwn,Instead of brushing before you get in the shower only detangle in the shower with a wide tooth comb or wet brush with conditioner in your hair while it's wet The conditioner adds the slip to help detangle so you're not yanking if you're having to pull you need more conditioner
bigdog2525,fudiwn,"I find my hair clumps better when I barely squeeze any water out.  After it's wet I squish product in and squeeze out water at the same time, but not that much water. then plop with a T-shirt for 30 minutes or so and let air dry. it takes forever to air dry, but it's much clumpier"
theresaketo,fudiwn,"My hair is high porosity, so I found that I don’t need the conditioner to stay on very long. My hair can easily get over moisturized. I would recommend a protein treatment from either Shea Moisture or Maui Moisture."
yo_teach213,fudiwn,This may be a stupid question: how can you tell if your hair is over moisturized? Is it just greasy?
Dismal_Explorer,ftpkuj,"I don't consider my hair after CGM styling to be my natural hair type. It's achieved with methods that encourage my hair to do the best it can with the texture it has and won't damage my hair, but no, this isn't my natural hair because I just won't achieve the same result without those specific techniques and stylers. if I completely wet my hair and let it air dry then it will dry a funny, flicking out, kinda straight, kinda not way. That's just my head of hair, gotta love it. I prefer CGM styling to bring out the waviness it has, but I don't consider it to be a kind of 'aHA this is my true hair type' sort of thing."
GoshDarnBatgirl,ftpkuj,"Honestly as long as it's not using any hot tools, I view it as natural. So even if I use styling products, that's ""natural"" to me."
MobileIllustrator6,ftpkuj,"So, I went no product the other day. Ended up with a frizzy, weird mess. I sprayed it down with leave in conditioner today to tame down the frizz, and I would say I ended up with what I would consider my genetic hair. Or at least close to it. If it ever manages to go no frizz without product, I'm sure that that what my hair is supposed to look like according to my genetic makeup, but I live on the east coast so humidity is not going to allow that until winter lol. I say genetic because as a wavy, I can try and brush my hair down to be straight(er) or use a gel to try and enhance my definition/making the definition last longer, and that could be considered natural because there's no heat or chemical processing"
Sylvss1011,ftpkuj,"Do y’all consider the result of styling your hair with cg methods your “natural hair”?&&&&&&I’m curious to see how my fellow wavies feel about this. Since our hair can look very different depending on how we style it, what do you consider your natural hair? If you consider scrunching it and using a product with hold  natural, then wouldn’t brushing it and using a smoothing product also be natural? Scrunching and Diffusing hair is just as unnatural as blow drying and brushing it right? So do y’all consider both your natural hair? Or do you only consider natural hair when you wash and allow to air dry without brushing or scrunching? I personally can’t decide. I kind of view it as “wearing my hair wavy” or “wearing my hair straight” . What are y’all’s thoughts?&&&Would you also consider your hair natural if you just brushed it and let it air dry? So basically just not scrunching or plopping?&&&Totally agree"
menne4ever,ftpkuj,"My hair is wavy and even if I follow the exact same routine it can look completely different. I consider combing when wet, not adding any product and then air drying  my natural hair, I haven't quite figured out the right way to treat it because it changes every day so my natural hair is very versatile. I consider both ""straight"" and very wavy my natural hair but sadly I can't choose how I wear it.&&&My hair is wavy and even if I follow the exact same routine it can look completely different. I consider combing when wet, not adding any product and then air drying  my natural hair, I haven't quite figured out the right way to treat it because it changes every day so my natural hair is very versatile. I consider both ""straight"" and very wavy my natural hair but sadly I can't choose how I wear it."
pipermick,ftpkuj,"I consider my hair my natural hair if I brush it and it dries with big waves or I use gel and squish and air dry it because I'm not forcing my hair to do what it wouldn't do naturally, I'm just enhancing it. Now if I straightened/curled, blow dry it with a brush or do anything like that, I wouldn't consider it my natural hair, if that makes sense. I even consider defusing as my natural hair because you can defuse straight hair and if there is no curl to the hair, it won't curl it, so if I have wave/curl, it's just helping it dry quicker for the most part (at least how I do it)."
professionalhippo1,ftpkuj,"For me, natural hair is what my hair does after using a cleansing product and rinse out conditioner. So no leave in product, heat styling, or using something to hold it in place (sleeping in foam rollers, plopping etc)."
syd_ann96,ftpkuj,"Personally, I consider my hair ""natural"" while following the CG method minus the styling products! Basically shampoo, squish to condish and plopping then air drying."
CoCoHunni,fto8se,"Hey there!! Did you get a good scrunch!?! 
Tell me you got a good cast with the LA Looks gel!

My diffuser came in today and it’s definitely helped me get more waves (plus not using any Shea Moisture products). 

But I still didn’t get crunchy casts! Grrrr. 

Mousse is coming in this weekend. Hoping that works. Also, maybe I’ll play with putting gel/mousse in when my hair is dryer."
fashionvomit,fto8se,awesome! good luck on ur journey :) don’t hesitate to ask questions!
jfrench652,fto8se,Lol...Think of all the self-haircut messes stylists will repair when this is over!
muffin818,fto8se,"Love this!! Your hair and progress so far seems to be about like mine, and I also deeply wish I could get a haircut right now haha I feel like my messy ends and extra length are throwing everything off! None of the products I’ve ordered have arrived yet so I’ve been working with what I have, and this is giving me lots of hope and excitement for my next wash once they come 🙌🏻"
professionalhippo1,fto8se,"3 CGM wash days in and I’m starting to get definition some on the top of my head 👏. I wish I could get some length cut off to help with the weight.&&&&&&So I wouldn’t call it a good cast, but I did actually get some crunch in some spots this time! So I think I might have needed to use more and be more careful when applying. I had to take my baby for his 6 month shots this morning so I was in a rush.  

The rest of my products from Jessicurl and my diffuser should be here tomorrow! 👏 I am thinking about ordering a product with some protein in it, leaning towards curls blueberry bliss leave in conditioner but I haven’t decided yet. Other than the LA looks none of my products have any protein in them so I wonder if that will help but I’m also a worried about the total weight of all the products plus the weight of my hair.&&&I had no idea I had wavy hair until 2 weeks ago and for the last 3 years (after having kids) I’ve been washing 1-2 times a week with suave essentials daily clarifying shampoo and conditioner and air drying. I would occasionally use a blow dryer on medium and even less occasionally a straight iron. 

My technique and products are still trial and error because I had to order things online (because of the pandemic situation) and they are still coming in. My most recent wash that got me the lift at my roots and better frizz control was:

Jessicurl gentle lather shampoo with scalp massager
Jessicurl aloeba conditioner - squish to condition and set for 5 minutes and combed out. Then I rinsed and applied more to leave in. 
Jessicurl Rockin ringlets squished in soaked hair 
Silver dollar amount of tressemé tres extra hold gel
Plopped in T shirt for breakfast 
Silver dollar amount of la looks extreme sports gel
Diffuser with a noodle strainer to 25% dry
Air dried 
Scrunched our the crunch"
savannah297,fto8se,What’s your before and after routine?
mercurys-daughter,ftfh1w,"You should wash out all conditioner, leaving some in is meant for much curlier hair, this will weigh your hair down. Don’t use the leave-in every time. I also recommend getting Cake curl whip, it works a lot better than the not your mothers stuff. And don’t use gel with the mousse it’s just too much product. Keep at it!"
unicornofroses,ftfh1w,First day of CGM - Update&&&&&&Ah!! Thank you!!&&&I initially posted https://www.reddit.com/r/Wavyhair/comments/frrx9g/is_my_frizzy_straight_hair_wavy_and_needs_tlc/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf to find a few telling me I have potential! So I tried CGM using V05 as a reset wash. I used tresseme coconut to condition and washed out most of it. I used creme of nature leave in and Not Your Mother’s curl mousse. I then used gel and lots of scrunching with a diffuser to set and “scrunch to crunch”. I kinda like it? I also thing it’s a little frizzy and is still a little too crunchy.
breannahahenry,fsy7w7,"My hair looked almost exactly like yours at the beginning of my journey a few years ago, so let me assure you, your hair has TONNES of potential! I was going to share my entire wavy hair routine, but instead, I’m going to recommend the 3 YouTubers I learned most of my tips and tricks from when I was getting started. Over time, I’ve personalized my hair routine, but I think these people give a really strong foundation for new waveies curlies. 

1. Swavy Curly Courtney - she follows the CG method religiously, and her hair proves that time and effort pays off. She has really elegant and defined waves, and she shows you how to get them through her routine. 

2. India Batson - she doesn’t follow the CG method 100% but her hair is so gorgeous. She shows you how to get soft, effortless beach waves, and she’s actually inspired the hair look I tend to rock these days. 

3. Manes by Mell - Although her hair texture is a lot different than mine is (and what I am assuming yours will be), she gives great tips and really helps you understand products and general hair needs. 

Good luck!!!"
paplapl,fsy7w7,"Hi! I've never really posted on reddit, but my hair is wavy and I don't really know how to treat it right. I use a defuser and I scrunch it, I think my hair has way more potential, and I'm SUPER new to actually caring for it. Any tips would be nice🥺&&&&&&Thanks, I'll check them out. And I'm planning on trying out new products"
CoCoHunni,fsdnx2,"There you are again new CGM buddy! Did you change up your method in any way? I can definitely see a difference! 

My second wash was last night. I used my husband’s Tresseme gel instead of the Not Your Mother’s Sculpting gel I used the first time, which resulted in less frizz. Score! 

I still used Shea Moisture’s Curl Enhancing Smoothies as well as Shea Moisture shampoo and conditioner. 

My hair still feels so weighed down, so Thursday night, when I get my hair dryer diffuser, I’m going not going to use any of the Shea Moisture products to see if that helps my waves/curls. Boo! 

I have a mousse being delivered Friday, I’m curios to see if it being “lighter” will help my waves/curls?? 

I’m totally recognizing that this is gonna be a process as I’m learning what my hair DOESN’T like.&&&Excited for us then!! The journey continues!"
professionalhippo1,fsdnx2,"first CGM wash day vs second CGM wash day&&&&&&I did something totally different! I’m still waiting on the products I ordered from Jessicurl so I’m just trying the stuff I happen to have on hand that is CGM compliant. 

The first wash day was: Wash with suave daily clarifying shampoo, then I did a 30 minute homemade deep conditioner (suave essentials waterfall mist, honey, avocado oil), then scrunched in tressemé tres extra hold gel while soaking wet, 10 minutes plopping, then air dry. I did a terrible job not touching it while it was trying. I kept scrunching because I couldn’t help myself lol.

Second wash day was: 3/30/19  Cowash with Suave essentials daily clarifying conditioner, 
Squish to condish - suave esstentials waterfall mist, Rinse, Detangle with Waterfall mist, Microfiber turbie twist for remainder of shower, tres extra hold Gel scrunch while soaking wet, Plopped while cleaning kitchen, Diffused for a few minutes (with noodle strainer lol) on cool, scrunched in More Gel with wet hands, Air dry playing video games, scrunched More gel with wet hands, Plop overnight plus satin bonnet, then Additional air drying in the morning

I never got a crunchy cast from the gel. Not sure if the gel doesn’t get crunchy or if my hair is just eating it 🤷‍♀️"
LOLARISX,fscci1,"Before I jump back into trying CGM and drop a wad of cash, what do you think of my cart?&&&"
