index,id,comments
GimmeANamePlsPlsPls,etnejt,The silicone might be causing buildup that's weighing your hair down and making the curls look looser.
ban_celery,etnejt,"Yes- silicones coat the hair, creates buildup, and weighs it down. Check out the curly girl method-you use silicone-free products, and generally avoid sulfates as well (sulfates are only supposed to be used occasionally to help reduce buildup.)"
mercurys-daughter,etnejt,That’s why we aren’t supposed to use silicones with wavy/curly hair..
trevorishy,etnejt,"Silicone conditioner loosened my curl pattern compared to silicone free conditioner, does anyone else experience the same thing?&&&I have fine 2b/2c low porosity hair. My hair is easy to manipulate to begin with (my curl pattern varies a lot). So I was out of my usual Giovanni conditioner (silicone free) and I used Pantene conditioner instead (not silicone free), which was the only other conditioner in the bathroom. After a few wash days, I noticed my hair is getting too silky and I only get a looser curl pattern (2a-2b). Does anyone else noticed the same thing when they use conditioner with silicones in it? (I didnt cowash with the Pantene, and use Giovanni shampoo and I might do a reset wash soon.) Obviously I've used silicones before cgm, but I never use it again after doing cgm plus using a gel afterwards.&&&I thought people would avoid silicones only because it wouldnt wash out without sulfates, which I know it isnt good for cowashers. Since I dont cowash, I thought I could get away with silicone conditioner from time to time, since the brands that are usually on sale arent silicone free. But now I found out that silicones would also change how my hair usually turns out, and I couldnt even get day two hair like I used to."
Bamagal77,etar7l,"Low Maintenance Hair&&&I keep trying to just accept my hair the way it is, but I ALWAYS go back to straightening. I've tried the CGM and it was too much for my fine hair and weighed it down. My hair has more frizz than wave, but I wonder if I got rid of the frizz would the wave get better? Anyway, I think I am honestly expecting something out of my hair that just isn't possible. For example, there is no way I can NOT touch my hair to prevent frizz (one of my absolute favorite things is when my husband plays with my hair) but I also want my hair to be soft to the touch and not crunchy. I understand that if my hair gets touched allot, I may have to do a refresh and I'm fine with that, but I am just not a person that can spend soooo much time on my hair and constantly be ""worried"" about it. I also know this is impossible probably as well, but I would love a wash and go type of thing. So, I guess my question is this, am I expecting too much? I mean honestly, the reason I go back to straightening is 1) it controls the frizz for 3-4 days 2) my hair is touchable 3) it's easy. I really want to try out the Zotos line and I may pick up the starter kit this weekend and I also want to pick up a travel size of the DevaCurl ultra defining gel, have any of you wavies tried these?&&&I first tried the cowash using Suave conditioner, but I can't remember which one because it was several years ago (at the time, I had bought the Curly Girl book and used the recommendation in there). My hair just felt really heavy and it was greasy, even the first day, and the greasy wasn't just at the roots. I thought it was ""transitioning"" so I put up with it for about two weeks and quit. The next time I tried, my sister in law had gifted me a Deva Curl kit- it was like a travel size kit maybe. Anyway I tried the no-poo and conditioner and I think it had the gel or some type of curl creme maybe. She also sent me the Deva Curl diffuser. My hair still didn't behave, but was better that time, still too much frizz. Then the time before this one, maybe a 1.5-2 years ago, I was determined to stop fighting it. I looked up CGM again (amazing how many more products there were that time) and kept trying, but just couldn't get rid of frizz and heavy hair. Then I done more research and finally realized that even though I had lots of hair, it was fine strands and thus was easily weighed down. That helped as far as heavy hair, but also made frizz worse. I tried so many products and got tired of wasting money on things that just didn't help my frizz, even though lots of wavies loved them. This time, I haven't given up the sulfate shampoo yet because I haven't totally stopped straightening, so I use some silicones. It doesn't help that I'm in the south and it is always humid here. The third time I tried, I even went so far as to make my own flaxseed gel (didn't work as good as it seemed to for most) and okra gel, which worked better. Sorry, I realize you didn't want to read a book, but I wanted to be as thorough as I could.&&&Yes, but I don't seem to be getting a good cast and I think that's because my hair is thin and I can't use allot of gel maybe? Today I tried a mousse (which seemed to help a good deal with the frizz last week) and topped it with a lighter spray gel, so fingers crossed.&&&I wish I could find more products in the travel type size to try. I've wasted so much money (well not really since I just send the stuff to either my sister in law or son's gf). I am hopefully going to get to Ulta this weekend and see what they've got travel size. Also, now you've got me questioning the gel, does the wavemaker offer any hold?&&&You're the second to mention that mousse, so I think I'm really gonna pick up some to try. I would love for your routine to work for me. I know the hair straightening is making it worse and I realize it when I decide to, but the frizz 🤪&&&I think part of my problem with frizz is that I'm so used to straightening my hair and it being smooth, and now this frizz just makes it look huge to me. I'm hoping I will stop straightening long enough to adjust to the volume more.&&&Yes, I love that once I straighten my hair, I can get 3 sometimes 4 days out of it and all I have to do is run a brush through it. I don't think I'd mind the extra effort with the waves, if I could get to a point that the frizz was acceptable to me."
FionaGoodeEnough,etar7l,"My hair is thick and fine, with medium porosity and 2b waves.  I have never straightened my hair, but when I want to dress up I will use hot rollers for big retro waves and curls.

In between hot rolling, my low maintenance routine is to put a small amount of conditioner on the ends while I wash (not co-wash) with gentle shampoo at the roots (low-poo, baby shampoo, etc- I mix it up).  I rinse out the shampoo and then put a big plop of conditioner in and let it soak for a couple minutes, and then I rinse it out.

While wet, I put in some mousse in the roots at the crown only, and then a big plop of gel all over.  I plop it into a tee while I finish getting ready.  Take it down, let it dry all the way, and then gently scrunch out the crunch.  If I notice it getting frizzy, or if I need a second or third day refresh, I spray it with water and scrunch it a little with some detangler on my hands.

I don't run my fingers straight through my hair, but I also don't particularly avoid touching it.  It doesn't seem particularly frizzy to me, but my baseline for frizzy is probably different than yours.  It never occurred to me to straighten my hair growing up, so I just always washed it and brushed it, and had a halo of frizz always.  So using more or less CGM is a lot less frizz than that, but more frizz than you get with heat."
Library_lady123,etar7l,"Fellow wavy here, have been mostly using modified CGM for about a year now but just straightened this week because I can extend the style soooo much longer-- I'm on Day 4 now and it's up in a bun but I haven't had to wash/wet/diffuse since I used the straightener.

That said, I alternate co-washing with Giovanni 50/50 conditioner and low-pooing with Adalou Naturals shampoo every other wash day and clarify once a month. I use MopTop curl custard followed by Giovanni gel on soaking wet hair, then I denman brush and finger curl and scrunch. I diffuse most wash days because I can't go to work with wet, crunchy hair. Then I scrunch out the crunch. I end up with nice soft waves that aren't weighed down. It took a lot of trial and error to discover that I need to alternate co-washing with low-poo and that I definitely still need to clarify. But like I said, I'm not sure whether wearing it wavy is actually any lower maintenance, since when I straighten, I only have to do it once and can keep the style for longer.

ETA: no matter what, I have to refresh wavy hair every morning. Re-dampen, add more gel, and either air dry again (takes forever) or diffuse for a few minutes. I love the wavy look but again, I am not going to walk into work with wet or crunchy hair, so this takes some time each morning while straight hair can just use a little dry shampoo, a shake, and I'm ready to go."
WaviestHare,etar7l,I have 2b hair and went with this cut and I am loving it. Very low maintenance. Not for everyone but you may like the style.  [inverted lob](https://www.bob-hairstyle.com/20-inverted-wavy-bob-hairstyles.html)
WeAreStarless,etar7l,">  I also want my hair to be soft to the touch and not crunchy 

have you scrunched out the crunch?"
delaguerre_,etar7l,"Could you elaborate about how the CGM weighed your hair down? A lot of the routine suggestions and product refs are for people with higher porosity, higher density, or drier hair that has a stronger curl pattern! For example, the suave coconut conditioner everyone raves about made my fine wavy hair feel gross! I still follow the general tenets of the method while changing up some application methods and ingredients!"
mercurys-daughter,etar7l,"I have found a decently low maintenance routine that works for me, if you’re interested. I have fine hair, high porosity, 2A/2B waves. 

Wash with NYM curl talk shampoo and conditioner. Plop in a microfiber towel till it’s not so wet. Then I scrunch in Cake Curl Whip, scrunch out the crunch once dry. 

To refresh all I do is use a spray bottle of water to dampen it, scrunch it and use a little more whip if needed and then scrunch out the crunch again. 

It takes hardly any time, my hair is soft, bouncy, and less frizzy. 

All that straightening is honestly probably what’s making your hair act the way it does."
panu7,etar7l,"I am a recovering straightener, too. I recently asked about frizz, and while I still struggle with it, I have reduced it by doing a few things:

I usually wash at night and not early enough to let it air dry.  I recently tried the t-shirt plop method for sleeping and it was great. I was making my hair damp in the mornings anyway, when when I do this it is still damp and I just let it finish by air drying.

On non-wash days I have been putting my hair in a ponytail toward the top of my head, very lightly bound. This seems to be helping with the second and third day frizz.

I have been leaving in a bit of conditioner when I wash. I'm still figuring this one out.

I use DevaCurl products right now, and have been experimenting with them, and I don't like the ultra defining gel. When I scrunch out the crunch my hair just looks brittle and bedhead. 

My favorite right now is the Wave Maker. Before I apply it I apply Leave-in Decandence. It says this is for super curly hair and mine definitely is not, but I like it.

I also scrunch with a DevaTowel, which was not cheap but I love it. 

I am refreshing with the Mist-er Right, which I just got and am really liking.

I'm lightly applying an oil product (I'm trying two right now and can't remember what they are called) to try to deal with the frizz. 

I still have frizz and am figuring everything out, but it's not nearly as bad as it was a couple of weeks ago before I tried these things."
yvonnerene,etar7l,"i just gave up hardcore cgn for the same reason. i am keeping some of the products ( yes! to the deva curl gel!)  and no sulfates/silicones but i am going to be way less ""worried"" about it all the time"
WeAreStarless,et6osi,"with waves, i think scrunching is one of the most important steps!"
cheesecockfucktory,et6osi,makes a big difference for me! try it on ur hair and see if it helps
delaguerre_,et6osi,"Yes, for me scrunching is imperative after the water and detangling have stretched my waves out! Also, squish to condish helps my hair to clump and maintain waves much better too!"
looloothethird,et6osi,Scrunchë🐄&&&If I have wavy hair should I still scrunch my hair after washing/conditioning it. Does it make a difference?
OliviaLivLivvie,eszuf9,Yes! This is what I replaced DevaCurl with and I love it!
TheBee3sKneess,eszuf9,"I Think DevaCurl is Ruining My Hair; Need Product Recommendations&&&I’ve been using devacurl on and off since 2015/2016. Only reason why I would initially switch is to try out a cheaper brand while in college. I usually will get the best results with deva curl’s wavy line. I remember going into my hair dresser’s salon and being complimented on my waves back in 2017/2018. However, currently I’m struggling to have my hair keep it’s 2b texture. I was wondering what I am doing run, but then came across a video about a curl stylist recommending to stop using their products because it is damaging her hair and her clients hair. Initially, I was confused because I’ve loved DevaCurl fo so long and have had great results, but then it clicked that this must be what is causing my hair to lose texture,

My issue currently is that I don’t know what else to use. I prefer Devacurl because they’re the one brand that has products with waves in mind. Most brands are made for curls and coils which I feel will weigh down my hair and loosen the texture anyways. My therapist(3a) recommended Aveda’s curl line, but they’re just as or even more as expensive as Devacurl and at least devacurl has travel/sample sets. 

What I have used: Ouai, Shea, Miss Jessica’s, Not Your Mother’s natural line. 

Devacurl products I need to replace:

Low-Poo Delight
One Condition 
Believe-in
Ultra Gel"
WeAreStarless,eszuf9,"sally's has a line called ""zotos: all about curls"" that's supposed to be a dupe for devacurl!"
looloothethird,eszg43,What hair type am I? And which products would you recommend me using to make whatever texture I have more defined? Xo&&&
pissgender,eszg43,try styling with a mousse and gel combo! I think you look 2a right now but you could probably get to 2b with some styling. I use herbal essences totally twisted mousse and la looks extreme sports gel one after the other and it gets me definition + volume.
p0wderedwater,esgz5n,"Fungal Acne Safe (FA) Wavy/CG product spreadsheet&&&I have enabled all features of downloading, editing, etc.

[https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1oGuWuNZyArkijZfvWNAylzZ6eM4JXmZ8gIcJxOQgYtg/edit?usp=sharing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1oGuWuNZyArkijZfvWNAylzZ6eM4JXmZ8gIcJxOQgYtg/edit?usp=sharing)

Hope this helps some of you guys out!

UPDATE: recently sss blog has added a warning about fatty alcohols feeding fungal acne. All of the products in the spreadsheet have not been evaluated for fatty alcohol content and there doesn't seem to be a whole lot of products for hair that are fatty alcohol free. I will work on adding a fatty alcohol column and will update spreadsheet soon!"
lalamommy25,escqks,Wavy hair refresh&&&How does everyone refresh their  wavy hair?
mercurys-daughter,escqks,"I just dampen my hair with a spray bottle of water and then scrunch it a bit, adding a tad more mousse if needed"
thenavylark,escqks,Sometimes I add conditioner or curl enhancer instead of mousse/gel depending on what my hair needs.
FionaGoodeEnough,es35lf,What is MCG?
Justjessb,es35lf,"Progress from June to January 👍&&&&&&Thank you 😊&&&Modified curly girl. 😊&&&I have low hair porosity and I plan on applying a protein treatment soon.

My products/process:
Ever pure loreal sulfate free
Deep nourish shampoo & frizz-defy conditioner

3 minute miracle curls deep conditioner(Aussie)

I detangle in the shower with a wide tooth comb 🙌

First I rake through Miracle curls frizz tamimg cream(Aussie)

Aunt Jackie's curl boss coconut curling gelee. 
I apply praying hands.

I've been watching a ton of YouTube videos for a better technique. 

I normally plop after applying all the products but I'm going to start diffusing to about 60-70%dry then plop. Normally it's the other way around.
We shall see.

The January photo is 3rd day hair. I used Miracle curls curl refresher after using warm water to whip my hair back in shape.

During the holidays I probably fixed my hair twice and let it be all wild the rest of the time but I'm back and the picture comparison makes me want to continue to care for my hair properly. 

Peace
😊"
thenavylark,es35lf,Beautiful progress!  I would love to know your routine/products!
thistimeofdarkness,es35lf,Me too!
