index,id,comments
kayla_224,j0ylmk,"Finalllly! A good hair day!! Will comment my routine below shortly. Thanks again for all your advice ladies!&&&&&&I shampooed with: Maui hydration hibiscus. I  than conditioned with: Maui hydration hibiscus and used praying hands (all hair flipped upside down) than combed my hair upside down with a wide tooth combed and squish to condition. Twisted my hair up into a clip for about 5 mins. Rinse out the conditioner. Left my hair soaking wet ( hair is still flipped for all of this) and applied my Leave in conditioner: Camille Rose Rice Milk with praying hands. SOC also. Than used :Not Your Mother’s Kinky Hair Defining Curl Cream, also with praying hands and SOC. I used next Herbal Essences Totally twisted Mousse than there brand of Gel both with praying hands and SOC. FINALLY, I diffused using the pixie method to were my hair was 60 percent dry. Let it air dry the rest of the way and than scrunch the crunch!&&&Aww!!! 🥰thank you!! That is so sweet of you to say!!! Not creepy at all!"
masreya29,j0ylmk,"I hope this isn’t creepy, and I’m sorry it isn’t related to the topic at hand, but I just have to tell you that you have gorgeous eyes! I honestly couldn’t focus on the hair because of them, haha. ❤️"
BebeCrow777,j0ug63,I love the shape of them! So pretty
ErinSkye1666,j0ug63,"Embracing my naturally loose waves, happy to see less frizz for a change!&&&&&&My current routine (Still making little changes it as I go, but this seems to be working so far!)

(I wash my hair every 4-5 days)
-Cantu Cleansing Cream shampoo
- Maui Moisture Lightweight Hydration + Hibiscus Water Conditioner 
(Every 3 or 4 washes I use the Dizziak Deep Conditioner instead as my hair can be quite dry!) 

Styling
-Apply a small amount of As I Am Leave in Conditioner to mid lengths/ends and finger comb through 
-Apply Briogeo Curl Charisma Creme using praying hands technique and scrunch to form waves 
-Apply some Ouidad strong hold gel using praying hands too (this has done wonders to combating my frizz!) 

I then plop in a microfibre towel for 30 minutes or so and leave to air dry after that :)&&&Thank you so much! That’s so sweet of you to say :)&&&You are too kind, thank you so much! 
Yes of course you may! 
I sometimes wrap my hair up in a high, loose bun with a scrunchie (I find this helps preserve my waves the most as I tend to toss and turn a lot in my sleep haha)  
However, my hair is quite heavy and I don’t always find it comfortable to wear it up, so sometimes I will just sleep with it completely down too (I also switched to a silk pillow case which has helped greatly with limiting the dreaded next morning frizz and general wave disruption)  

Hope this helped a little, best of luck with your own wave journey, any other questions just give me a shout! Always happy to help :)"
LumpyShitstring,j0ug63,"Those are some super perfect waves!

I’m just starting to figure out my own... May I ask you what you do with your hair while sleeping?"
7875053063,j0tdi6,"From the pictures it doesn’t look like you have wavy hair. You have more of type 1b/1c hair which is straight with a little bit of texture. Also sleeping in a braid is not the same as having naturally wavy hair. (Please don’t perceive me saying this as mean!)

However it could also be that you’re not applying a product that will provide hold and definition, such as a gel or mousse. I would recommend trying out the LA Looks gel or the Cake curl whip mousse!"
MerryMuffin4,j0tdi6,"Do you scrunch at all? I have to, to get any waves. Also, having a mousse or gel is super important for beginners to get your hair to begin a curl memory."
cat_ford_,j0tdi6,"I find if I don't use a gel or if I let my hair air dry, my hair dries pin straight. The weight of the water just stretches my waves out too much to keep them intact. So my choices are (1) apply stylers and diffuse to 90% dry then airdry to get my waves, or (2) apply for stylers after washing and let air-dry for straight hair. I use the exact same shampoo and conditioner on my (2) days and it leaves my hair soft, silky and frizz free, so I say either way you may benefit!"
poorpotato5,j0tdi6,"Same! When I normally wash my hair and let it air dry, my hair is quite straight and is frizzy here and there. Whenever I scrunch my hair after applying the conditioner, my hair turns out somewhat wavy(even without stylers).  
I seriously don't know what my hair type is 🙄"
sabros_we,j0tdi6,"I suffer from a very itchy scalp, too. Have you tried gently blowdrying your roots? That mostly helps me because less moisture gets trapped on my scalp (I have a lot of thick hair and my roots take ages to air dry). I also bought a sea salt solution that helps calming itchiness down though it can make the roots a bit greasier if I use too much of it.   
You could also try alternative hair wash methods like rye flour for a while. Even though it was a mess in my bathroom it calmed my scalp down when I couldn't use any shampoo at all. Also switching between a few different shampoos/cowash helps me."
zagrigri,j0tdi6,"Totally new to this!&&&&&&Thanks, definitely not mean at all! I had originally stumbled on this sub when I saw a post that said even people with straight hair could benefit from CGM, but after seeing ALL the info I’m wondering if that’s even true. Thanks for being honest!&&&I do scrunch a bit with the sea salt spray. What mousse would you recommend? I’m also thinking co-wash isn’t the way to go so was looking for a switch there.&&&Help! I don’t even know if my hair is actually wavy. I’m brand new to the CGM and I have no idea where to start or if I even SHOULD start. 

My current routine: co-wash with Hair Story’s New Wash Deep (includes ACV). Tie up in a microfiber towel turban for about 15 minutes then air dry. Sometimes braid it and sleep in a braid overnight. NYM sea salt spray occasionally for some extra waves. 

Problems I’m having: greasy, oily roots after 24 hours. Itchy scalp even quicker than that. No actual dandruff. Scalp sometimes breaks out. I do have a nape undercut and that’s where the breakouts typically happen. My goal is to go 2-3 days between washes but the greasiness along with the itching makes that impossible. I do sometimes use NYM sea salt dry shampoo to stretch my wash by a half a day. I would also like to enhance what I think are waves?! 

I’m open to any suggestions, please advise and build me a routine!!"
Bonnasarus,j0r9l4,I’ve tried it. 1/10 don’t recommend. Leaves the hair smelling like cat drool.
Botanisosurus_Rex,j0r9l4,"The secret is really to have a kitten style your hair 🤣&&&&&&Oh yes you can keep using it! Once they reach adulthood they can handle more hair at a time&&&Ah, make you need to try another cat. Mine works mostly with his paws&&&Oh my! 🤣 Hopefully she doesn't figure out how to get the hair bonnet off of you!"
DNA_ligase,j0r9l4,Mine is an adult cat; do you think that's too old or can I keep using it?
firelancefinder,j0r9l4,"lol my cat loves the scent of my new shampoo and since i started using it i wake up to her pawing at, and chewing on, my hair. had to get a hair bonnet to stop it. 😂"
meghan509,j0r9l4,Aww!  😍
thyladyx1989,j0r9l4,Yes. My.boy does.an excellent job combing my waves and softening them up.
notesofastranger,j0nkah,"How often do you pre-poo?&&&I tried pre-pooing after reading the thread on here using 1 tbs of grapeseed oil and 1 tbs jojoba oil (what i had in the house). I was really pleasantly surprised because it was so lightweight and didn't straighten out or weigh down my hair. I then followed up with a deep condition as i felt that's what my hair needed.

However i tried again this week and only washed out using a not your mother's cleansing coconut water and noticed that there was still some oil residue in my hair after it dried.

So i wondered if people only pre poo if they're doing a clarifying wash and/or DC to ensure the oil is properly removed?"
stardustkraken,j0nkah,Following
7875053063,j0gwrz,I have 2a/2b hair and Cake curl whip mousse is the best!! Super lightweight but provides definition
Eccentric_Tango,j0gwrz,Have you tried changing up when you apply the mouse in your routine? I use totally twisted and find I get stringy if I put it in when my hair is too wet. If I wait until it’s mostly dry I’ll have amazing results though!
Old-Neighborhood-792,j0gwrz,I have 2b fine hair. I use mousse for volume and nym kinky moves cream for definition. I also have the tresemme bouncy curls gel too just use a small amount. They both seem to work well.
Sewpuggy,j0gwrz,"Suggestions for foam/ light weight mousse that will provide definition.&&&I would appreciate any suggestions for a light weight mousse. I have very fine 2a hair. The standard NYM or totally twisted leave me looking stringy and messy. I've tried the tgin rose water mousse,  plenty of volume but zero definition.&&&Thanks,  I'll try that tomorrow!"
Greatrisk,j0gf9u,"You really might be better off with a protein mask and not...jello. I know people tout food items as acceptable face and hair treatments but I’m skeptical, honestly. Yes, I realize this may be a controversial take - don’t come for me! 

I really like the Shea Moisture Manuka Honey Protein Treatment. It brought my hair back from the over moisturized brink. It has also helped me to add a leave-in with protein. I really like Curls Blueberry Bliss."
IntrovertedSloth,j0gf9u,"I think I might be in moisture overload even after protein treatment! More detail in comments&&&&&&I’m kind of afraid to do anything now! What if I actually have too much protein? I’ve looked at all of the tips on determine if it’s protein or moisture overload but I can not tell&&&I used Knox too. Since I’m not super positive now whether it’s too much moisture or too much protein, I’m afraid to add filler yet. But the cowash I just bought has protein, as does the curl enhancer and gel. I’m thinking I’ll see if those things help and if not, maybe do another moisture treatment? 

I’m just taking a stab at it being too much moisture because I went from very long hair to the inverted bob last week. Did a moisture treatment(the garnier avocado mask with a bid of added olive oil) because I couldn’t bother with it with the long hair and figured I needed one. It’s been a little wild since that. 

Didn’t mean to type a story, I thought it might help others troubleshoot with me lol&&&I clarified using Ion clarifying shampoo. Mixed one packet of jello with 2 Tbsp of water, splash of acv and mixed with conditioner. Coated my hair and let sit for about 30 minutes. Washed out with Johnson and Johnson curl defining shampoo. Conditioned with GVP(the matrix one) and scrunched with the red cap ECO gel. Micro plopped, then diffused for a bit. I have no clue what to do now"
SuaveSpermatozoa,j0gf9u,Will a protein mask do any damage if your hair isn't over moisturised?
_boatsandhoes,j0gf9u,I tried the Manuka honey protein treatment and it left my hair stringy and fairly rough - learned the hard way my hair was NOT protein deficient like I thought 😂
pulang_panda,j0gf9u,"Did you use plain, unflavored gelatin? I use Knox for a protein treatment, and it actually benefits me. I'd highly recommend acquiring some Neutral Protein Filler - it's the only thing that saved my hair when it was disgustingly overmoisturized!"
Old-Neighborhood-792,j0gd7r,Over condition?????&&&So I washed my hair on Wednesday using live clean hydrating shampoo and my garnier papaya damaged hair mask. I usually put the mask on thick and use the wide tooth comb for even disturbtion and apply some extra to the ends. So I just took a shower and as soon as it got wet I could feel it's like super soft. Used the same shampoo and the matching conditioner. Applied a little leave in and sotc then plopped for maybe 10 mins. My question is did I over condition with the mask? My hair has never been that soft ever and I heard of mushy hair but never understood what it meant. Not sure if it's a good or bad thing. Please help.&&&Figured so. Gonna do one today
WeAreStarless,j0gd7r,"if you don't understand what mushy means, your hair isn't mushy. because if your hair _is_ mushy, trust me, you'll KNOW. that said, it does sound like you could benefit from a protein treatment"
MerryMuffin4,j0b4r5,"Everything is not always what it Seems&&&&&&Routine:

Night 1:
OGX Hydrate and Repair + Argan Oil of Morocco Extra Strength Shampoo
OGX Quenching Coconut Curls Conditioner (StC)
OGX Locking + Coconut Curls Decadent Creamy Mousse on 75% wet hair
Overnight plopping in cotton t-shirt

2nd Day Night:
Style by wetting to dampness with mister
Scrunch in Not Your Mothers Curl Talk Curl Activating Mousse
Plop in satin scarf and sleep on satin covered pillow out of scarf

Now to make my curls more plump..."
_rashi,j0b4r5,I didn't saw the title and thought this was r/creepy post tf
sassysassysarah,j0b4r5,"I find that I can't plop overnight, my scalp gets weird and my hair hates it, so be careful about that, you can get like scalp fungus from sleeping on wet hair.

But for me, the best way to get juicy clumps has been prayer hands and not combing/brushing/roping once I put mousse/gel in my hair"
MerryMuffin4,j0b4n1,Everything is not always what it Seems&&&
Heilah,j0as85,"Couple of things you could try - styling with mousse is good for volume, leave the oil out (could be weighing your hair down), use lightweight products (again weighing down), root clipping while it's drying if you wanna air dry, diffuse mostly upside down then move your head around slowly in different directions once it's starting to dry. I think having a look at your products might help a bitAlso, nothing wrong with getting a perm! The 80s are always making a comeback!

Edit: sorry pressed post by accident! A leave in and cream may weigh your hair down. Also try watering down your cream when you apply it. Or try gel? And be careful with application that you focus on the length so your roots dont get weighed down. I think cos you have long hair it's going to be more prone to being weighed down, which fine hair is generally anyway.

But lots of things you can try, have fun with it!"
MRS_PL0W,j0as85,"I agree- I think the leave in+cream+oil may be weighing you down. Less is more for us waives. I only use one styling product (The Good Stuff Curl Definition Jelly which is mildly conditioning and lightweight) and that’s it. I shampoo, get some water out with a microfiber towel and then add the jelly, scrunch with a tshirt, diffuse the ends to get a cast and ONLY getting the root dry (which doesn’t take much or very long) to get some volume, and let the rest air dry. I overdid with conditioner and styling products for months and found I was over-moisturizing and just overdoing in general. I’ve had amazing results with one product and backing off on conditioning. Good luck!

*edited for clarification"
emilopalooza,j0as85,"Need help with my long, fine, 2c (permed) hair&&&So I have tons of hair but it's super fine, which means no volume whatsoever. I perm it to help with this and I love my hair permed but I've never been able to master styling it. I struggle with frizz and flatness at the top.

I apply my product in the shower with my head upside down. Once I turn the water off I shake my head so individual little curl clumps form, then I apply leave in conditioner, styling cream and oil in that order, scrunching all the while, before scrunching with a microfibre towel. Once out of the shower I either let it air dry or partially diffuse depending on how much time I have. My preference is so air dry because that seems to control the frizz the best, but it's always super flat on top when I do this with body on the sides. If I diffuse I can get more body at the roots but it end up pretty frizzy, especially at the roots because when I diffuse I lift the roots a bit to try to get more body. I also diffuse with my head in all sorts of different positions to lift the hair off my head while it's drying.

Is there anyone else out there with hair like mine? I feel a little lonely in the hair world cuz I'm like the only person younger than 80 that still perms their hair... I think it behaves like natural 2c minus the body cuz it's so f****** thin. Someone pls help me!&&&Thank you so much! Very helpful :)&&&I will try that, any particular brand?"
knit_my_best_life,j0as85,You could also try root clipping to give your roots some lift while air drying.
kp389,j0as85,"I have super fine, thin hair and I can't use heavy products at all. No creams, oils, and only the tiniest bit of leave-in. After that, I scrunch in mousse or foam and gel."
AuroraBlue6,j09kmf,"It sounds like you have low porosity hair, which means moisture doesn’t get in easily, products with on top, and hair takes a long time to dry. 

You can read more about low porosity hair [here](https://curlsandcocoa.com/low-porosity-hair-care/). I would recommend reading a few articles about it and determining if that’s really what’s going on. If so, you may want to change to different products. I might consider a sulfate-free shampoo to cleanse and a conditioner without any butters or oils. I really like Sally Beauty Generic Value Products (GVP) Conditioning Balm, an affordable dupe for Matrix Biolage Conditioning Balm which I used to use before switching to the GVP version.&&&It sounds like you have low porosity hair, which means moisture doesn’t get in easily, products with on top, and hair takes a long time to dry. 

You can read more about low porosity hair [here](https://curlsandcocoa.com/low-porosity-hair-care/). I would recommend reading a few articles about it and determining if that’s really what’s going on. If so, you may want to change to different products. I might consider a sulfate-free shampoo to cleanse and a conditioner without any butters or oils. I really like Sally Beauty Generic Value Products (GVP) Conditioning Balm, an affordable dupe for Matrix Biolage Conditioning Balm which I used to use before switching to the GVP version."
Ladonnacinica,j09kmf,It seems Sally Value has parabens. Is this harmful for hair? Is it a good idea to buy it?
_Lunar_Lily_,j09kmf,"What kind if gel & deep conditioner works for you?&&&Hi, routine below. My hair is crazy wavy underneath by the nape of my neck and gets progressively less wavy as you work your way to the front. I have a lot of frizz no matter what I do and whenever someone talks about a gel cast, I get confused because I use tons of gel and it never creates a crunchy cast. By the time my hair dries it is soft again with no cast. I'm wondering if this is why I can't control my frizz. Maybe if I try the right gel it will dry with less frizz. What are your favorite gels and deep conditioning treatments?

Routine
1. Wash and condition with tresseme botanique line
2.  Use a wet brush in the shower with conditioner in
3. Section hair into 3 big sections and apply blueberry bliss leave in conditioner (pray hands and then scrunch)
4. Apply garnier fructus pure clean gel in wet hair (tons of it in sections with pray hands and scrunch)
5. Plop hair for a long time (hair takes forever to dry
6. Scrunch a but when I take it out&&&Thank you! How often do you use the GVP conditioning balm?&&&Hi! Thank you for the info.  When you do damp styling does it help to reduce frizz for you?"
tryin2wave2u,j09kmf,"I used Jessicurl DC and mop top curly custard or all about curls soft hold gel. I damp style though meaning I plop before putting products in (besides leave in...I used the same one you do an use it on soaking wet hair and then scrunch it in). 

I have low porosity hair and damp styling has helped me a ton. Hair still takes like 3 hours to air dry.&&&I used Jessicurl DC and mop top curly custard or all about curls soft hold gel. I damp style though meaning I plop before putting products in (besides leave in...I used the same one you do an use it on soaking wet hair and then scrunch it in). 

I have low porosity hair and damp styling has helped me a ton. Hair still takes like 3 hours to air dry.&&&I used Jessicurl DC and mop top curly custard or all about curls soft hold gel. I damp style though meaning I plop before putting products in (besides leave in...I used the same one you do an use it on soaking wet hair and then scrunch it in). 

I have low porosity hair and damp styling has helped me a ton. Hair still takes like 3 hours to air dry.&&&I use Jessicurl DC and mop top curly custard or all about curls soft hold gel. I damp style though meaning I plop before putting products in (besides leave in...I used the same one you do an use it on soaking wet hair and then scrunch it in). 

I have low porosity hair and damp styling has helped me a ton. Hair still takes like 3 hours to air dry."
Bimpnottin,j07iiq,"I use this as a regular conditioner as well, and it is my all time favourite. It smooths my hair so well and adds in lots of moisture, yet it doesn't weigh my hair down. I also use it to refresh my hair on my post-wash days: I add a tiny drop to a spray bottle with demineralised water in it, and it reduces the frizz by at least 75% (I use demineralised water because I live in an incredible hard water region).

I an however not a big fan on the scent. It *does* smell quite good, but the smell lingers on for *so* long. I can still smell it in my hair 3 days after I washed it, even if I didn't do a refresh with it in the meantime. Other people can smell it too, because I've had some compliments already on my 'new perfume' even though I didn't wear any that day, so I'm pretty sure people were just smelling the conditioner instead. But like I said, it is not a bad smell, just very present. 

Porosity: low / Strand thickness: fine / Density: high"
Coconut_Rhubarb,j07iiq,I second this!! So hard to find products without scent!
FlamingoFluff,j07iiq,"Brand: Briogeo 

Name: Be Gentle, Be Kind Avocado + Kiwi Mega Moisture Superfoods Mask

Ingredients List: Water/Aqua/Eau, Cetyl Alcohol*, Stearyl Alcohol*, Behentrimonium Chloride*, Brassica Alcohol*, Propanediol*, Cetyl Esters*, Persea Gratissima (Avocado) Oil*, Actinidia Chinensis (Kiwi) Fruit Extract*, Spirulina Maxima Extract*, Spinacia Oleracea (Spinach) Leaf Extract*, Aloe Barbadensis Leaf Juice*, Biotin, Theobroma Cacao (Cocoa) Seed Butter*, Salvia Hispanica Seed Oil*, Isododecane, Brassicyl Isoleucinate Esylate*, Coccinia Indica Fruit Extract*, Aloe Barbadensis Flower Extract*, Solanum Melongena (Eggplant) Fruit Extract*, Curcuma Longa (Turmeric) Root Extract*, Ocimum Basilicum (Basil) Flower/Leaf Extract*, Ocimum Sanctum Leaf Extract*, Isopropyl Myristate*, Melia Azadirachta Leaf Extract*, Melia Azadirachta Flower Extract*, Cetrimonium Chloride*, Cetearyl Alcohol*, Guar Hydroxypropyltrimonium Chloride*, Corallina Officinalis Extract*, Behentrimonium Methosulfate*, Panthenol, Volcanic Ash*, Arginine*, Glycerin*, Curcumin*, Helianthus Annuus (Sunflower) Seed Oil*, Palmaria Palmata Extract*, Mineral Salts*, Butylene Glycol, Hexylene Glycol, Rosmarinus Officinalis (Rosemary) Leaf Extract*, Potassium Sorbate*, Sodium Benzoate*, Fragrance (Parfum), Dehydroacetic Acid, Benzyl Alcohol, Butylphenyl Methylpropional

Other information: This mask has a light, fruity but not overwhelming smell. Sort of like lime sherbet to me. It is not a super heavy mask but it does some heavy lifting in terms of moisture. It rinses clean.

My experience/opinion: I’ve never had huge success with masks before. Either they are too light to do anything noticeable, leave me greasy, leave my hair soft but fluffy, or have protein and make my hair feel hard and like straw. I tried a sample of this and loved the scent, loved that it rinsed clean and the scent didn’t linger, loved how my hair was moisturized but not greasy, frizz was reduced, and my hair feels and looks good. It’s a splurge item, but a little goes a long way for me. I’ve gone through one tub so far and it lasted 3 months of regular (1-4x per week) usage. I don’t have to use a ton to coat my hair. I also like to once every 1-2 weeks leave it in overnight and rinse in the morning. 

Your porosity: I don’t really know. I assume medium or high based on coloring and heat usage.

Hair thickness: fine, maybe medium

Density: dense"
FrizzychunkCAT,j07iiq,"Brand: Giovanni

Name: Smooth as silk deeper moisture 

Ingredient list: Aqua (Purified Water), Cetyl Alcohol, Stearyl Alcohol, Cetrimonium Bromide, Glycerin, Phenoxyethanol, Ethylhexylglycerin, Natural Fragrance, Hydrolyzed Soy Protein, *Chamomilla Recutita (Matricaria) Leaf Extract, *Citrus Aurantium Dulcis (Valencia Orange) Extract, *Citrus Grandis (Grapefruit) Fruit Extract, *Cymbopogon Schoenanthus (Lemongrass) Extract, *Echinacea Purpurea Extract, *Glycine Soja (Soybean) Seed Extract, *Lavandula Angustifolia (Lavender) Extract, *Rosmarinus Officinalis (Rosemary) Leaf Extract, *Macrocystis Pyrifera (Sea Kelp) Extract, *Mangifera Indica (Mango) Extract, *Salix Alba (Willow Bark) Extract

Other information: Cruelty free, paraben free, affordable 

Your experience/opinion: I use this as co-wash or regular conditioner. Lots of moisture without weight or heaviness. It's not available everywhere. I found it at Sprouts.

Your porosity (low to high): High to medium
Your strand thickness (fine to coarse): fine
Your density (thin to dense): medium
​

Brand: Not Your Mother's 

Name:  Matcha Green Tea & Wild Apple Blossom Nutrient Rich Butter Masque

Ingredient list: Water (Aqua), Cetearyl Alcohol, Stearyl Alcohol, Diheptyl Succinate, Capryloyl Glycerin/Sebacic Acid Copolymer, Fragrance (Parfum), Behentrimonium Chloride, Prunus Amygdalus Dulcis (Sweet Almond) Oil Hydrogenated Vegetable Oil, Camellia Sinensis Leaf Powder, Malus Domestica Fruit Extract, Leuconostoc/Radish Root Ferment Filtrate, Distearyldimonium Chloride, PPG-3 Benzyl Ether Ethylhexanoate, Phenoxyethanol, Ethylhexylglycerin, Glycerin, Quaternium-80, Hydroxyethylcellulose, Citric Acid.


Your experience/opinion: I've tried maybe 7 or 8  of the most popularly recommended deep conditioners this year, and this one is my favorite right now."
HaleyPanics,j07iiq,"Conditioner

Brand: Creighton's

Name: The Curl Company Sulphate-Free Conditioner

Ingredient list:  Aqua (Water), Cetearyl Alcohol, behentrimonium Chloride, Cetyl Esters, Glycerin, Limnanthes Alba (Meadowfoam) Seed Oil, Moringa Oleifera Seed Oil, Panthenol, Parfum (Fragrance), Ceteareth-20, Hydroxypropyltrimonium Hydrolyzed Corn Starch, Benzophenone-4, Ethylhexylglycerin, Disodium EDTA, Sodium Chloride, Sodium Hydroxide, Phenoxyethanol, Linalool, Alpha-isomethyl Ionone, Limonene, CI 19140 (Yellow 5), CI 15985 (Yellow 6).

Other information: contains protein. available in western Europe (as far as I know, in ""Normal"" shops). Contains [Moringa oil](https://www.naturallycurly.com/curlreading/oils/benefits-of-moringa-oil-for-hair)

Your experience/opinion: not all their products are CG-friendly. my hair likes the protein, usually don't rinse it all out. Still experimenting so not sure if this is perfect, but  I like it.

&#x200B;

Your porosity (low to high): low porosity

Your strand thickness (fine to coarse): medium thickness

Your density (thin to dense): high density"
Knit_Psyche,j07iiq,"Brand: Mielle

Name: Babassu oil and mint deep conditioner

Ingredient list: Water/aqua/eau, behentrimonium methosulfate, cetearyl alcohol, cetylesters, \*Orbignya oleifera (babassu) seed oil, Pyrus malus (apple) fruit extract, glycerin, sodium PCA, sodium lactate, arginine, aspartic acid, PCA, glycine, alanine, serine, valine, proline, threonine, isoleucine, histidine, phenylalanine, \*Euterpe oleracea (acai) pulp oil, Pentaclethra macroloba (pracaxi) seed oil, \*Rosmarinus officinalis (rosemary) leaf extract, \*Helianthus annuus (sunflower) seed oil, \*Lavandula angustifolia (Lavender) oil, \*Pelargonium graveolens (Geranium) flower oil, Salvia officinalis (Sage) oil, Mentha piperita (peppermint) oil, Citrus paradise (Grapefruit) peel oil, Litsea cubeba fruit oil, Mentha Viridis (spearmint) leaf oil, isoamyl laurate, dehydroacetic acid, benzyl alcohol

Other information: This product contains proteins in the form of amino acids.

Your experience/opinion:  I find this deep conditioner to be well-balanced between moisture and proteins.  It has a thinner consistency and has nice slip. It leaves hair soft and shiny, with a mint smell which lingers over many days. The price point is a bit higher, but it applies easily and doesn't necessitate much to fully coat the hair.

Your porosity (low to high): Normal

Your strand thickness (fine to coarse): Fine

Your density (thin to dense): Medium-low, suspected telogen effluvium."
Komlee,j07iiq,"Brand: By Veira  

Name: Curl Conditioner 

Ingredient list: Aqua, Cetearyl Alcohol, Behentrimonium Chloride, Cetyl Alcohol, Panthenol, Hydrolyzed Wheat Protein, Hydrolyzed Wheat Starch, Helianthus Annuus Seed Extract, Guar Hydroxypropyltrimonium Chloride, Caprylyl Glycol, Butylene Glycol, Potassium Sorbate, Sodium Benzotriazolyl Butylphenol Sulfonate, Tris(Tetramethylhydroxypiperidinol) Citrate, Sodium Chloride, Pro-pandediol, Lactic Acid, Pentaerythrityl Tetra-Di-T-Butyl Hydroxyhydrocinnamate, Quaternium-95, Alcohol, Citric Acid, Phenoxyethanol, Parfum, CI 16035, CI 47005, CI 61570 

Other information: Available only in ""Normal"" (that's the brand name) shops. Apparently they have shops in Norway, Sweden, Denmark, Netherlands and France and are expanding. Very affordable (50 NOK). 

Normal porosity, fine and thin hair.   

Your experience/opinion: Really loving this, my hair feels soft and moisturized, but not weighed down. The protein really helps smooth the hair and I love that there's protein in both this and the matching shampoo, so I get a fair bit every wash. Will be keeping an eye on build-up as I can see some of the ingredients might be a bit heavy for me, but so far so good. The matching shampoo also has strong, but gentle cleansers so I'm thinking that helps. Not that keen on the scent - very floral, but it fades relatively fast. 

&#x200B;

Brand: By Veira  

Name: Repairing Conditioner 

Ingredient list: Aqua, Cetearyl Alcohol, PPG-3 Benzyl Ether Myristate, Behentrimonium Chloride, Polyglyceryl-3 Polyricinoleate, Stearamidopropyl Dimethylamine, Hydrolyzed Wheat Protein, Helianthus Annuus Seed Extract, Cetrimonium Chloride, Caprylyl Glycol, Butylene Glycol, Pentaerythrityl Tetra-Di-T-Butyl Hydroxyhydrocinnamate, Quaternium-95, Tris(Tetramethylhydroxypiperidinol) Citrate, Propanediol, Lactic Acid, Alcohol, Potassium Sorbate, Phenoxyethanol, Parfum, CI 16035, CI 42090 

Other information: Available only in ""Normal"" (that's the brand name) shops. Apparently they have shops in Norway, Sweden, Denmark, Netherlands and France and are expanding. Very affordable (50 NOK).  Normal porosity, fine and thin hair. 

Your experience/opinion: This is the series I've used most from this brand (and generally really). It has protein which my hair loves, but not quite enough, and although it feels lovely and light, it doesn't quite moisturize enough for me. Recommending it so people who need less moisture (my hair is quite curly in places) might find it useful. Nice clean scent. 

&#x200B;

Brand: By Veira

Name: Sensitive Conditioner

Ingredient list:  Aqua, Cetearyl Alcohol, PPG-3 Benzyl Ether Myristate, Behentrimonium Chloride, Polyglyceryl-3 Polyricinoleate, Stearmidopropyl Dimethylamine, Oleanolic Acid, Helianthus Annus Seed Extract, Piroctone Olamine, Apigenin, Biotinoyl Tripeptide-1, Caprylyl Glycol, PEG-40 Hydrogenated Castor Oil, Pentaerythrityl Tetra-Di-T-Butyl Hydroxyhydrocinnamate, PPG-26-Buteth-26, Butylene Glycol, Cetrimonium Chloride, Tris (Tetramethylhydroxypiperidinol) Citrate, Lactic Acid, Propanediol, Quaternium-95, Alcohol, Phenoxyethanol, Parfum, CI 16035, CI 42090 

Other information: Available only in ""Normal"" (that's the brand name) shops. Apparently they have shops in Norway, Sweden, Denmark, Netherlands and France and are expanding. Very affordable (50 NOK).  Normal porosity, fine and thin hair. 

Your experience/opinion: I got roughly the same results using this as using the repair line above. BUT, this is protein free. So if you need something very light and without protein, this might be the way to go. I don't recommend this to anyone with scalp issues or very sensitive skin though, as it made me itch a bit while using it. 

  
Deep treatment:

Brand: Garnier

Name: Fructis Hair Food Treatment Papaya 

Ingredient list:  AQUA / WATER, CETEARYL ALCOHOL, GLYCERIN, ISOPROPYL MYRISTATE, STEARAMIDOPROPYL DIMETHYLAMINE, CARICA PAPAYA FRUIT EXTRACT / PAPAYA FRUIT EXTRACT, PHYLLANTHUS EMBLICA FRUIT EXTRACT, GLYCINE SOJA OIL / SOYBEAN OIL, SODIUM HYDROXIDE, HELIANTHUS ANNUUS SEED OIL / SUNFLOWER SEED OIL, COCO-CAPRYLATE/ CAPRATE, COCOS NUCIFERA OIL / COCONUT OIL, HYDROXYPROPYL GUAR HYDROXYPROPYLTRIMONIUM CHLORIDE, CAPRYLIC/CAPRIC TRIGLYCERIDE, CAPRYLYL GLYCOL, CITRIC ACID, TARTARIC ACID, CETYL ESTERS, POTASSIUM SORBATE, SALICYLIC ACID, CARAMEL, LINALOOL, GERANIOL, LIMONENE, PARFUM /FRAGRANCE FIL C212870/1  (Sorry about the caps, it's hard to find the ingredients for the version sold here, as it differs slightly from the US version). 

Other information: For some reason it seems Garnier has slightly different ingredients for different regions. This one was bought in Norway and that's the only kind I've tried. Also one of the few products widely available in Norway, and very affordable. This is rare!

Your experience/opinion: This is quite heavy so I only use it when I really need a deep treatment, or after a protein treatment. It smells so fruity and makes my hair feel lovely and soft. The consistency is great for the shower and easy to rinse, but if you use it with heat outside the shower it will drip everywhere! It can also be used as a conditioner or leave-in, but to be honest I think for most wavies that might be a bit much. I've also tried the other variants, but found out they all have just about the same ingredients so I'm sticking with what works."
LemonySnicketMD,j07iiq,"Brand: Nature Lab Tokyo 

Name: Perfect Repair Treatment Mask

Ingredient List: Aqua (Water, Eau), Cetearyl Alcohol, Dimethicone, Steartrimonium Chloride, Glucose, Phyllostachys Pubescens Meristem Cell Lysate, Argania Spinosa Sprout Cell Extract, Malus Domestica Fruit Cell Culture Extract, Vitis Vinifera (Grape) Fruit Cell Extract, Glutamic Acid, Sodium Pca, Keratin, Hydrolyzed Keratin, Prunus Domestica Seed Extract, Argania Spinosa Kernel Oil, Lupinus Albus Seed Oil, Mangifera Indica (Mango) Seed Oil, Theobroma Grandiflorum Seed Butter, Adansonia Digitata Seed Oil, Carapa Guaianensis Seed Oil, Sclerocarya Birrea Seed Oil, Opuntia Ficus-Indica Seed Oil, Isomalt, Ethylhexyl Palmitate, Dipentaerythrityl Tri-Polyhydroxystearate, Dimethiconol, Hydrogenated Castor Oil Isostearate, Dipentaerythrityl Hexahydroxystearate/Hexastearate/Hexarosinate, Hydroxyethylcellulose, Xanthan Gum, Lecithin, Dicocodimonium Chloride, Cetrimonium Chloride, Benzotriazolyl Dodecyl P-Cresol, Isopropyl Alcohol, Glycerin, Tocopherol, Etidronic Acid, Phenoxyethanol, Sodium Benzoate, Parfum (Fragrance), Yellow 5 (Ci 19140), Blue 1 (Ci 42090), Red 33 (Ci 17200)

Other Info: It’s $14-16 a jar depending on whether or not you get it from the nature lab Tokyo site (which is usually out of stock which is a BUMMER). It contains bamboo stem cell extracts which is pretty neat.

This is, hands down, the BEST mask I’ve ever used. I know this is TECHNICALLY a repair mask but it is so hydrating and amazing. I originally bought this because I’m trying to repair my curls, but I’ve used an entire jar of this stuff and it is the only conditioning mask I will ever use again. I have 2b/2c, fine, low/medium density, shoulder length hair that gets knotty very easily from years of coloring. I actually use their shampoo, conditioner and scalp scrub as well, my hair loves this stuff. On top of that, I had an entire jar for nearly 3 MONTHS using TWICE A WEEK! When I stopped using it I definitely noticed a difference in my hair and a little goes such a long way, I’ll let it sit on my hair for a minute before I detangle and boy oh boy does my hair feel like butter after."
MaltyMiso,j07iiq,"I notice the wonder water is mostly alcohol, you think that would dry out the hair? I wonder how it works because on the description for the product L’Oréal is really vague."
SLMartin,j07iiq,"Your porosity (low to high):  Low

Your strand thickness (fine to coarse):  Fine

Your density (thin to dense):  Dense

&#x200B;

**Regular Conditioner:**

Brand:  Kinky Curly

Name:  Knot Today  (used as a rinse-out, not a leave-in!)

Ingredient list:

Botanical Infusion Of Water / Aqua, Mangifera Indica / Organic Mango Extract, Ulmus Fulva / Organic Slippery Elm, Althaea Officinalis / Organic Marshmallow Root, Cymbopogon Flexuosus / Organic Lemongrass, Cetyl Alcohol, Behentrimonium Methosulfate, Citric Acid, Phenoxyethanol And Fragrance.

Other information:  

Great light conditioner with a lot of slip without a lot of oils.  

Your experience/opinion:

Great light conditioner with a lot of slip without a lot of oils.  My hair hates almost all oils and loves humectants, marshmallow for curl stimulation, and lots of slip!  I rinse out about 50% after a regular wash.  This conditioner is so light it's almost clear!

**Deep Conditioner:  (if this counts)**

Brand:  L'Oreal Paris

Name:  Elvive 8-second Wonder Water:  Hair-transforming Lamellar Rinse-out

Ingredient list:

Propylene Glycol, Alcohol Denat., Myristyl Alcohol, Aqua/Water/Eau, Parfum/Fragrance, Dicaprylyl Carbonate, Cetrimonium Chloride, Behentrimonium Chloride, Isopropyl Alcohol, Benzyl Salicylate, Hexyl Cinnamal, Benzyl Alcohol, Coumarin, Hydroxypropyltrimonium Hydrolyzed Wheat Protein, Linalool, Hydroxycitronellal, Amyl Cinnamal, Limonene, Tocopherol, Citronellol, Arginine Pca, Phenoxyethanol.

Other information:

You literally put this on your hair for 8 seconds in between shampoo and conditioner.  

Your experience/opinion:

This actually works!  Smooths my hair out nicely in 8 seconds with no silicone!  I don't think the effect lasts as long as a typical deep treatment, but then again I can never find a deep treatment the agrees with my fine, wavy hair anyway!"
SnooOranges9863,j07iiq,"Brand: Sukin

Name: Hydrating conditioner

Ingredient list: Water (Aqua), Aloe Barbadensis Leaf Juice, Cetyl Alcohol, Cetrimonium Chloride, Cocos Nucifera (Coconut) Oil, Butyrospermum Parkii (Shea) Butter, Olea Europaea (Olive) Fruit Oil, Sesamum Indicum (Sesame) Seed Oil, Glycerin, Tocopherol (Vitamin E), Fragrance (Parfum)\*, Isopropyl Alcohol, Citric Acid, Phenoxyethanol, Benzyl Alcohol, Limonene\*\*, Citral\*\*.

Your experience/opinion: I find myself consistently reaching for this conditioner. I like the texture and the mild scent, and my hair just agrees with it very well. Its a great everyday-conditioner for me. (I dont wash my hair everyday but ya know what i mean) It's also CGM-approved.  


Your porosity (low to high): medium/low

Your strand thickness (fine to coarse): fine

Your density (thin to dense): medium"
TayyyMo,j07iiq,"Brand: Carol’s daughter
Name: Coco Creme Conditioner
Ingredient list: 
43238 CD6 - Aqua / Water / Eau, Cetearyl Alcohol, Cocos Nucifera (Coconut) Oil, Parfum (Fragrance), Behentrimonium Chloride, Sclerotium Gum, Caprylyl Glycol, Isopropyl Alcohol, Salicylic Acid, Glyceryl Stearate, Mangifera Indica (Mango) Seed Butter, Astrocaryum Murumuru Seed Butter, Glycerin, Potassium Hydroxide, Linalool, Benzyl Alcohol, Coumarin, Caramel, Cocos Nucifera (Coconut Milk) Fruit Extract, Xanthan Gum, Potassium Sorbate, Tocopherol (Vitamin E). F.I.L. D210974/1. Ingredients may vary.

Other information: ALLURE 2019 best beauty award. Protein and silicon free.

My experience: this stuff is heaven sent I have thick low porosity hair ranging from 2B-3A curls, this stuff makes it so soft and has great slip I also use it as a leave in, smells wonderful, great at detaning. Con is that I go through it in about 2 months!"
WeAreStarless,j07iiq,"Building the Wavy Favourites List -- (deep) conditioner edition&&&Hello again!

&#x200B;

Welcome to round 2 of building our Wavy Favourites List; last week was [cleansers (shampoos and cowashes)](https://www.reddit.com/r/Wavyhair/comments/ivs46p/survey_results_request_for_shampoo_recommendations/). Every week, I will create a new post asking for recommendations for a new category of products, and I will save them all in this post collection. That way, if you have any suggestions for product categories mentioned weeks ago, you can easily find them again! At the end, I will compile all these product recommendations in a big Excel sheet. I think I'll have several columns, saying things like ""sulfates"", ""silicones"", ""protein"", ""humectants"", etc, so that if you're trying to avoid any specific ingredient, you can see that at a glance :)

Some unrelated housekeeping: I have rephrased the ""post your routine"" rule to only apply in the cases of selfies and asking for help. I blindly assumed that everyone would understand that was the case, and that it's not necessary to post your routine in the case of more generalised wavy hair discussions, but I thought I'd clarify nonetheless. I've also added ""follow Reddiquette"" and ""don't hit on people"" rules. If you see any instances of those rules being broken, please let me know using the ""report"" button under the comment in question! I won't see it otherwise, because in combination with modding r/curlyhair, there are simply too many posts for me to actually read them all. You guys are my community moderators!

&#x200B;

This week, I would love to know your conditioner recommendations. Both regular conditioners and deep conditioners are welcome, and it doesn't matter if they're silicone free or not. I think I'll have leave-in conditioners as their own category later. Same as last time, you can recommend multiple products, but for each product,  I would like you to copy and paste this little list and fill it in. 

>Brand:  
>  
>Name:  
>  
>Ingredient list:  
>  
>Other information:  
>  
>Your experience/opinion:

If you are from a country that is not the USA and the product is only available where you live, please mention which country and recommend it anyway! We are sorely lacking non-American resources.

And then this is optional, because I don't even know what I'm going to do with this information in regards to the products, but I figure I might as well ask and see if I see any kind of trend.

>Your porosity (low to high):  
>  
>Your strand thickness (fine to coarse):  
>  
>Your density (thin to dense):

&#x200B;

As always, if you have other / better ideas about how to do this, or would like to collaborate with me on this sub in general, please let me know! I'm just making all of this up as I go along. Thank you all so much for your feedback ❤️"
autochoris,j07iiq,"The only bottles I can find don't say deep conditioner, [just the regular conditioner](https://www.ulta.com/keratin-protein-smoothing-conditioner?productId=xlsImpprod11171011) that has silicone! Have you seen the bottle anywhere else?"
coyotebwillows,j07iiq,"Brand: Sally’s Generic Value Products
Name: Conditioning Balm
Ingredient List: WATER ,PROPYLENE GLYCOL ,MYRISTYL ALCOHOL ,CETRIMONIUM CHLORIDE ,CETEARYL ALCOHOL ,PHENOXYETHANOL ,DECYL OLEATE ,METHYLPARABEN ,FRAGRANCE ,PROPYLPARABEN ,HYDRASTIS CANADENSIS (GOLDENSEAL) EXTRA ,FUCUS VESICULOSUS EXTRACT ,ROSMARINUS OFFICINALIS (ROSEMARY) LEAF E ,GLYCERIN
Other information: regular conditioner but very thick
Experience/opinions: I LOVE this conditioner. I have coarse and thick 2b/c hair that was previously highlighted and loves moisture. This stuff has amazing slip and conditions my hair so well. It might be ok for finer haired wavies if you don’t use too much. I buy the liter bottle with the pump and use 3 pumps lol."
curlywurlies,j07iiq,"How do you find this product with the Glycerin.  I used the Aloe one and found it made my hair even more dry despite being left in for 30 minutes as a deep conditioner, and using heat as well."
deergatherer,j07iiq,The Jessicurl deep conditioner also smells like heaven. Genuinely the best smelling hair product I’ve ever used.
hoodookoo,j07iiq,"Brand: Ecoslay

Product: Matcha boost

Ingredients:
Distilled water, Ceteryl alcohol, Colza oil, hydrolyzed quinoa protein, hydrolyzed keratin protein, Matcha extract, Propanediol, Hp starch, Caprylhydroxamic acid gg

Experience:
This is a protein treatment. My hair easily gets over moisturized. This has a right amount of moisture with protein. I apply it once a week on cleansed hair, keep it for 30 mins(no heat), followed by regular conditioner and stylers. It helps to maintain the protein-moisture balance. Also if my hair is over moisturized, i apply it with a heat cap and it fixed the problem.

Hair type:
Fine, thin, high porosity."
kitty_767,j07iiq,The Tresemme changed now.. have you found a replacement?? I'm so upset!
ohterribleheartt,j07iiq,"I'm sorry if this sounds silly, but can you tell me more about a rice mask?"
rmg1102,j07iiq,Can I ask what you feel the benefit of a deep condition is? And your process and how often you use it and such? I recently learned I have low porosity hair but have been struggling to find ways to adjust my routine to help. Thanks!
rodlock,j07iiq,"Brand: Garnier Ultimate Blends

Name: HAIR FOOD ALOE VERA

Ingredient list: AQUA / WATER ; CETEARYL ALCOHOL ; GLYCERIN ; ISOPROPYL MYRISTATE ; STEARAMIDOPROPYL DIMETHYLAMINE ; GLYCINE SOJA OIL / SOYBEAN OIL ; ALOE BARBADENSIS LEAF JUICE ; HELIANTHUS ANNUUS SEED OIL / SUNFLOWER SEED OIL ; VITIS VINIFERA FRUIT EXTRACT / GRAPE FRUIT EXTRACT ; COCOS NUCIFERA OIL / COCONUT OIL ; SODIUM HYDROXIDE ; COCO-CAPRYLATE/CAPRATE ; HYDROXYPROPYL GUAR HYDROXYPROPYLTRIMONIUM CHLORIDE ; CAPRYLYL GLYCOL ; CITRIC ACID ; TARTARIC ACID ; CETYL ESTERS ; POTASSIUM SORBATE ; SODIUM BENZOATE ; SALICYLIC ACID ; LINALOOL ; GERANIOL ; CITRONELLOL ; BENZYL ALCOHOL ; PARFUM / FRAGRANCE (C229471/1)

Other information: Vegan, 98% Natural ingredients 

Experience/opinion: This hair mask has come to be one of my absolute staples. Its affordable where I live (Germany), protein free, moisturises without weighing my hair down, smells divine. According to the packaging it can be used as a leave in or regular conditioner as well, but I have never given that a try. It is what I would consider a ""lightweight"" deep conditioner in the sense that whilst it provides enough moisture in the summer, I will use it together with other, richer deep conditioners in the winter. 

&#x200B;

Porosity: Low/Medium at the top of my head, high at the nape of my neck 

Strand thickness: Thin-Medium 

Density: High"
snarktini,j07iiq,"Brand: **Ecoslay**Name: **Banana Cream**

Ingredient list: Okra extract, Marshmallow root extract, Aloe vera juice, Coconut cream, Ceteryl Alcohol, Colza oil, Avocado oil, Argan oil, Jojoba oil, Germall Plus, Banana extract.

Other information: Has to be refrigerated. (Look at that minimal ingredients list, of course it does!) Company is black-owned. Made to order, allow 2 weeks to arrive.

Your experience/opinion: I really love this, it makes my hair so silky and really deepens the wave. Smells like banana cream pie! Because my hair doesn't like a lot of coconut, I have to be careful not to put it with other coconut/protein products. I wasn't sold on the refrigeration hassle at first (or the texture, which is a little weird) but it's given me some of my best hair days.

\---

Brand: **Jessicurl**Name: **Deep Conditioner**

Ingredient list: Aqua (Water), Cetearyl Alcohol, Butyrospermum Parkii (Shea Butter), Persea Gratissima (Avocado) Oil, Theobroma Cacao (Cocoa) Seed Butter, Behentrimonium Methosulfate, Aloe Barbadensis (Aloe Vera) Leaf Juice Powder, Equisetum Arvense (Horsetail) Extract, Mentha Piperita (Peppermint) Leaf Extract, Rosmarinus Officinalis (Rosemary) Flower/Leaf/Stem Extract, Laurus Nobilis (Bay Laurel) Leaf Extract, Ocimum Basilicum (Basil) Leaf Extract, Urtica Dioica (Nettle) Leaf Extract, Arctium Lappa (Burdock) Root Extract, Althea Officinalis (Marshmallow) Root Extract, Origanum Vulgare (Oregano) Leaf Extract, Cymbopogon Flexuosus (Lemongrass) Extract, Thymus Vulgaris (Thyme) Leaf Extract, Salvia Officinalis (Sage) Leaf Extract, Lecithin, Cinnamal, Citral, Eugenol, Geraniol, Citronellol, Limonene, Linalool, Benzoic Acid, Dehydroacetic Acid, Phenoxyethanol

Other information: Available unscented. No protein, coconut, or glycerin.

Your experience/opinion: For a deep deep conditioner, it amazingly doesn't weigh down my fine hair. Right now in summer my hair is so much drier and is rejecting protein, coconut, and glycerin, and this is the only DC I know of that has none. So I've started using this most wash days and my hair has regained its hydration and waves. Whenever my hair starts getting cranky, I come back to Jessicurl Gentle Cleanser and Deep Condition to rebalance.

\---

Your porosity (low to high): LowYour strand thickness (fine to coarse): FineYour density (thin to dense): Dense"
vsleepysloth,j07iiq,"I've also used the Tresemme Botanique as a deep conditioner with a bit of olive oil mixed in, and it worked fairly well with a longer application time!"
zillarillazilla,j07iiq,"Brand: Tresseme

Name: Botanique Coconut & Aloe Vera

Ingredients: Water (Eau), Cetearyl Alcohol, Stearamidopropyl Dimethylamine, Cocos Nucifera (Coconut) Oil, Aloe Barbadensis Leaf Juice, Cocos Nucifera (Coconut) Fruit Extract, Fragrance (Parfum), Behentrimonium Chloride, Dipropylene Glycol, Lactic Acid, Potassium Chloride, Disodium EDTA, Methylchloroisothiazolinone, Methylisothiazolinone.

Other Info:

-on CG starter list

-affordable for size of bottle, easy to find 

Opinion:

-I keep trying other conditioners and coming back to this one because it’s affordable and gets the job done 

-I also use on refresh days, small amount watered down and then scrunch or pulse into damp hair 


Brand: Not Your Mother’s

Name: Blue Sea Kale & Coconut Water

Ingredient List: Water (Aqua), Cetearyl Alcohol, Fragrance (Parfum), Behentrimonium Chloride, Crambe Maritima Leaf Extract, Cocos Nucifera (Coconut) Water, Leuconostoc/Radish Root Ferment Filtrate, Phenoxyethanol, Ethylhexylglycerin, Glycerin, Distearyldimonium Chloride, Butylene Glycol, Quaternium-80, Hydroxyethylcellulose.

Other Info:

-hard to find for me lately and more expensive than I’d like ($20 bucks on Amazon, srsly?!?)

-smells good

-light, not too heavy&&&New One! (I just tried this week)

Brand: Hask

Name: Keratin Protein Smoothing Deep Conditioner

Ingredient list: Water / Eau (Aqua), Cetearyl Alcohol, Cetrimonium Chloride, Quaternium-18, Cetyl Alcohol, Lanolin, Fragrance / Perfume (Fragancia), Keratin Amino Acids, Cocoyl Hydrolyzed Keratin, Cocoyl Hydrolyzed Collagen, Hydrolyzed Collagen, Cocos Nucifera (Coconut) Oil, Hydroxypropyltrimonium Hydrolyzed Rice Protein / Siloxysilicate, Oryza Sativa (Rice) Extract, Simmondsia Chinensis (Jojoba) Seed Oil, Citric Acid, Glycerin, Panthenyl Hydroxypropl Steardimonium Chloride, Isopropyl Palpitate, Isostearic Acid, Lecithin, Sorbitan Oblate, Butyl Stearate, Tetrasodium Glutamate Dictate, DMDM Hydration, Caprylyl Glycol, Hexylene Glycol, Phenoxyethanol. Not Tested On Animals.

Price: can get small pack for $3, bottle less than $10 at Ulta 

Opinion: Protein! I gave this a try after my hair really liked a DIY rice mask. If your hair needs protein, give this a try. Bonus: it smells awesome."
BlondieFromSeattle,j04j4i,"Prose has a unscented option, they do custom products so you fill out a quiz that includes among other things scent (with an unscented option).  My roommate uses Prose and really likes it."
SnooOranges9863,j04j4i,"Sukin only has natural fragrance added to their hair products, if that counts"
Veronica-Summers,j04j4i,"briogeo has a line of fragrance free products!

Edit: link to the products https://briogeohair.com/collections/be-gentle-be-kind"
extrastrongtea,j04j4i,A’kin’s fragrance-free shampoo and conditioner are decent and CGM approved.
n3rua1,j04j4i,"Anyone have fragrance free options for wavy hair?&&&I’m allergic to fragrance! Want to know if you guys have found any DIY options or fragrance free products that work for your hair?
Thanks in advance!&&&Is protein usually something we want as wavies?"
nguy9,j04j4i,Rice water rinse for protein. Homemade flaxseed gel.
tryin2wave2u,j04j4i,Jessicurl offers a fragrance free option on all their products. It's low to no protein though for the most part...
