index,id,comments
HanSav,jz9x1z,"I lost my waves, also, and then did a reset using a sulfate shampoo with no conditioner.  My waves immediately came back.  I had been over conditioning.  I have been careful to use very light products ever since and it has not happened again."
WeAreStarless,jz9x1z,"Hi!

I just wanna let you know that contrary to popular belief, that's not what a ""big chop"" means. I know on wavy/curly communities on Instagram the term has started to live its own life, and now basically means ""cutting your hair to shoulder length as a rite of passage when following the curly girl method"".

However, the term actually originates from Black women. It means taking the hair that they had permanently relaxed (by chemicals so strong it could cause burns on the scalp) and chopping it all off to start fresh. It is a very significant moment, because it means letting go of white beauty standards and embracing natural hair instead.

Over at [r/curlyhair](https://www.reddit.com/r/curlyhair/), we came up with the word ""reset cut"" instead, because we still wanted a word to describe the significance of a haircut like yours (just because it's not a big chop, doesn't mean it's nothing!). Check out [this flowchart](https://i.imgur.com/a1fdnBW.png) to learn more about the difference between a reset cut and a big chop, and [this post](https://www.reddit.com/r/curlyhair/comments/ffexc7/meta_an_open_conversation_an_open_dialogue/) to read more about the history of Black women and their hair.

I hope you understand and can use the appropriate term in the future. Thank you!"
ceoanxiety,jz9x1z,"6 month progress - less wavy&&&&&&I’ll try that! I could be over conditioning. I just thought it wasn’t the case since I’ve been using the Curls leave in which has protein in it. Maybe my hair needs more.&&&I cut it back in June so i’m not sure if that’s it :/&&&You’re totally right about healthy hair being good no matter what. I’ve been trying to change my mentality about wanting really curly hair and just being grateful that it’s made progress at all. Wishing you luck & progress too!&&&I thought I was getting protein in through my leave in but don’t really know much about protein masks or anything like that. If you have any recommendations, I’d love to know!&&&When I started the CGM, my hair was really unhealthy starting out and has, with a reset cut and some care, gotten much healthier overall. I’m really excited about it but kinda upset because I miss the waviness. Not sure where to go from here to get them back.

Washday Routine: 

NYM Matcha Green Tea shampoo & conditioner
Curls Blueberry Bliss leave in conditioner 
NYM curl talk defining cream

Sometimes i brush my leave in through, but for the most part I just scrunch all of my products in on soaking wet hair and air dry. Plopping does not work for me at all because my hair will not properly fall into place after being upside down.

Edit: wrong terminology - not a “big chop”"
hexarcana,jz9x1z,"I don't have any useful advice but I just wanted to tell you you're not alone! I've had a similar experience over the last few months. I totally get your pain. It sucks to feel like you're going backwards. We have SUCH similar hair and I feel you so hard - mine is 10x healthier than it was this summer but it's also so much straighter :/

Big hugs. We'll work it out! And healthy hair is great whatever happens."
kiaya3600,jz9x1z,"Have you done any protein treatments? When my hair goes flat like that, a little protein will bring the waves back. I also agree with a previous poster here that your products may be too heavy."
mariescurie,jz9x1z,One thing I've noticed peeping the ingredients of your styling products are heavy oils/butters high up on the ingredient list. The Curls leave in has coconut oil and the NYM cream has shea butter. I cannot use either ingredient in my hair at any level or my waves go totally flat.  You may try doing a reset wash with sulfate shampoo once a week to two weeks and you can continue using those products if you like them.
tumbleweedLC,jz9x1z,"For me, any big haircut will make the texture of my hair freak out for about a month. I just keep doing my routine and eventually they come back. Idk how long it’s been since your cut, but maybe that’s something to do with it?"
10ismyfavoritedoctor,jz9h5s,"Turns out 1 hr. plop works wonders compared to 1/2 hr. plop!&&&&&&Today I conditioned, the shampooed, then conditioned in the shower. The second condition was applied upside down, combed through, then scrunched in before rinsing. Out of the shower, I applied Alikay leave-in conditioner (only 5 sprays), a handful of Herbal Essences Totally Twisted Mousse, and half a palmful of Tresemme gel. Each product was applied with praying hands before scrunching. Plopped in a t-shirt for a full hour, then air-dried. I’m traveling so I didn’t bring my diffuser or my normal shampoo and conditioner. This is probably the best day 1 hair I’ve ever had. Normally day 2 is better than day 1!"
headoverheels14,jz6xb4,"When in doubt add more product&&&&&&Routine:

Shampoo and condition with nym tahitian gardenia line-- I use 3x more conditioner than shampoo
Kinky curly knot today leave in 
Plop 20 min or so
Nym curl talk cream (quarter size amount)
Nym curl talk mousse (golf ball size amount)
Aussie instant freeze gel (two golf ball size amounts)
Pixie diffuse 

I have very dense hair and I am realizing that more product seems to always be better for me--cream, mousse, and an insane amount of gel. I always use praying hands to apply products, raking makes my hair stringy."
Loud_Excitement2759,jz4tz2,A2 wavy hair advice&&&What are the best hair products for thick A2 hair?
Lia64893,jz4i73,how can I make my waves more wavy/curly?&&&&&&i use ogx coconut curls shampoo and conditioner every two or three days and then I towel dry my hair and sometimes I'll use a curl mousse. i only brush my hair in the shower with conditioner. i tried using cgm but my hair just became straighter so i stopped.
cmarches,jz4i73,"It seems like good guidelines are usually using light products, balancing protein and moisture, letting your hair dry with a cast, scrunching and/or microplopping, drying it plopped and/or diffused (not towel drying it which breaks up clumps)"
stefarina,jz3cxd,"Good wavy day&&&&&&Routine 

I try to only wash 3 times a week tops. I use Batiste dry shampoo if my roots get oily.

Shampoo: Aveeno rose water and chamomile 

Conditioner: Moptop lightweight conditioner 
I wash my hair normally and don’t squish at all. I rinse everything out.

I brush my hair wet and then scrunch with microfiber towel 

Leave in: Scrunch in a nickle size amount of AsIAm leave in 

Styling: I dip a finger in Moptop curly custard and mix in water and praying hands over my hair and then scrunch 

I air dry and wet and re-scrunch as needed"
bunbananabread,jz2k2t,"need help with my hair - curlier but looks worse?&&&&&&as you can see i have thick hair, loose curls but are tighter and more defined towards my neck, yet only waves farther from my neck. i started doing cgm three months ago but somehow my hair feels worse or still looks bad despite being curlier. the top layer is still somewhat straight which im trying to fix. do u think the products im using r weighing my hair down?

routine: -shea moisture shine shampoo (recently started using, works well) -not ur mother’s mango curly conditioner -shea moisture manuka honey leave in conditioner -aloe and apple taliah waajid curly cream definer -aussie instant gel (tried the mousse but it doesnt do anything) -plop for 15, then diffuse until 70% dry -clarifying shampoo once a months and jamician black castor oil mask once a week&&&what does that mean? I haven't gotten a haircut in a year, and when I do it's usually just a trim + thinning"
ffungi,jz2k2t,"What do you mean with ”feels worse”? 
It might just be that the top layer just isn’t curly, as we are likely to have many different types of hair. 
Have you tried squish to condish? I would think that  encouraging the waves in all ways possible would help. Other topic that came to my mind was a discussion regarding protein - moisture balance, maybe that’s something worth looking into."
maibie,jz2k2t,Have you tried reversing the layering in your cut?
arj711,jz2j6x,"Potential, but lazy and on a budget&&&&&&So I started to embrace my waves 8 months ago, right before quarantine started  and compared to years past when I used to say my hair is just a puff ball, it has improved but I feel like it can get better. But here's the thing, I had my 3rd child 6 months ago and I work and im helping my other 2 kids do e-learning and well times are tough. I am also not one to really be into my looks.. i dont really wear make up other than eyeliner and i usually have my hair up in a bun. My routine is simple but I dont get the exact same results all the time and it really only looks good day 1 wash day. After wash day it flattens and doesn't have it's waves, and forget day 3 or 4. What simple routines or tips can you give me?

ROUTINE: Shampoo with Cantu, Conditioner with Cantu. Head down detangle in the shower with a wide tooth comb. Prayer hands then scrunch in Cantu curl cream. Plop for 20 minutes. Crunch LA blue gel and fip hair up. Air dry."
queencommie,jywc9q,"Still working on my routine and techniques, but shoutout to this one cute little wave&&&&&&I posted in here a while ago but my hair has been through a lot (bleach and heat damage, mental health struggles during which I didn't really take care of it). I got a haircut to get rid of a lot of damaged ends and tried a lot of products that didn't work out, I really like the stuff I'm using now and my hair feels super soft and healthy but I haven't really gotten the hang of styling techniques.

If anyone can recommend a gel or maybe even a hairspray to hold waves in place please let me know! My hair looks great right after washing but the waves kinda fall flat by the end of the day and definitely don't make it to the second day. Tried Aussie Instant Freeze but it left horrible white flakes in my hair.

Anyways, routine is:

Pacifica Salty Waves Shampoo + Conditioner - I don't use the shampoo every day, and when I use the conditioner i let it sit in my hair while I do my other shower stuff, comb through with a knockoff Denman brush, rinse

Plop with microfiber towel while I do my makeup

Pacifica Beach Balm - this is basically a leave in conditioner/styler/anti frizz/detangler all at once and it's awesome. I squish it into my hair upside down and then just let it air dry.

Once I week a clarify using Neutrogena Anti-Residue shampoo and use the Raw Sugar hair masque as a deep conditioner."
somebodyelsesgreens,jywc9q,"i use the Not Your Mothers Curl Talk mousse, gel is too heavy for my hair and the mousse really helps define and hold my waves!! :)&&&also!! try brushing your hair with the denman after applying product! i like to put in my curl creme, leave in, and mousse then brush through with the denman and then scrunch it back with just a little bit more mousse. this does the trick for me and tamed my frizz immensely"
hisfvd,jyq72n,Haircut help!&&&I’m getting my haircut this week but I don’t know what to ask for!! when I use no product my hair is poofy and frizzy when I use product it lies flat and straight. Any recommendations of what to ask for??
lyssajayne,jym1qf,"First pic is most recent, with plopping and product, second is with plopping but no products, third is my natural hair with no styling... some progress but I still feel like it looks like a mess (and one side is always curlier then the other) tips?!&&&&&&Washed today (most recent pic), combed in shower with conditioner in, prayer hands blueberry bliss leave in while soaking wet upside down, then scrunched in boucleme curl defining gel. Plopped for about a half hour then arranged my part and bangs and let air dry"
InterestingAnything3,jylfnp,I lol’ed at “LOOK LIKE A BROOM” 😂
Pey777,jylfnp,"A (long) compilation of before pictures and disappointing hair days (see my comment)&&&&&&Aw thank you!&&&Here is a compilation of some diffusing fails, bad hair days, and my hair when I was just starting out. Putting my exact routine for each of these would be a lot, so if you want the specific routine from a pic then I will gladly look back at that journal entry! (Also, Day One is a great journal for hair)

I am writing a list of all hair products I have ever used (and my take on them), will post soon! For now, here are tips and motivation!

My tips based on personal experience:
- Your hair may look very bad most days in the beginning. And the beginning may last like a few months, even if your hair is not bleached to oblivion or severely damaged
- Transitioning is not just about getting your hair to be healthier. 75% of it has been learning about techniques, products, and everything else. Reading articles and watching videos is useful (and I have spent so much time doing those things...). But also, experience and time will teach you things that no tutorial can
- If you have single length hair, and your hair always looks like a mop, try layers! Getting layers is one of the best choices I have made. I didn’t get a curly cut, since my hair changes every day haha. I talked with my stylist and told him I wanted face framing layers that would bring out my natural texture and still look good straight (in case I ever had to wear it straight). It made a HUGE difference and made my hair so much easier to style.
- Do your best to not let others get to you, especially during transition. For example, my parents have a few (unintentional) offhand remarks about my hair, and I have had to learn that it’s ok! I sometimes don’t take criticism well, but sometimes the truth is that your hair may just look bad sometimes. That’s part of transition! Another thing, though, is when your hair looks good and you get remarks. My mom, who prefers my hair less curly, has said outright that she has a preference and made remarks about my curly hair. But she is not doing this to be mean! She respects me and understands that I can have a different preference from what she does. If you are in any situation like this, dm me. I’m happy to help anyone out with this :)
- Take pics and document!
- It’s ok if you have to heat style or use a silicone or sulfate or (insert a forbidden CGM fruit here). It’s hair! Have fun with it, it’s not really THAT fragile and you can (and I would say you should) make your own rules
- If I think of anything else (which I probably will) I will add it&&&Haha the comments in my journal are arguably more entertaining than the pics"
Retiredgiverofboners,jylfnp,Looks great in the Patagonia also super cute coat
TweedleJAR,jylfnp,Totally agree. That picture shouldn’t be included with the rest IMO. That was a great looking hair day!
_boatsandhoes,jyhmne,"Progress! Now go get proper clumps. My wet brush made it a little stringy.&&&&&&Routine: 

Wash with extra strength Tgel for psoriasis control. 

Condition with Garnier Papaya hair food. 

Brush through Shea Moisture extra moisture leave in. (The tgel dries it right out) 

Plop until damp then brush again.

A teeny bit (like the size of a tac or less) of Shea moisture curl milk mixed with Garnier curl definer smoothie.. rake through each side and scrunch.

Gel: joico (probably not cg approved) rake and scrunch. 

Diffuse in pixie style until cast is set. Wait until all hair is dry. Scrunch out with argan oil.

Oh ya and ignore my shitty hair dye situation. Trying to grow it out."
headskittydone,jyf7q4,"I wet brush with my conditioner in, rinse it out, apply my leave in conditioner, then brush again with my wet brush. I find if I do it while the hair is still basically dripping I can kind of shake my head and get the clumps to reform. I find the second brushing helps cut down on wet frizz in my hair, but that is me personally."
velouriaSF,jyf7q4,"Do you comb or brush after washing & before applying product?&&&I have very thick hair which may be why my hair looks frizzy when wet. However, when I use a wide tooth comb or a Denman brush, it separates the waves and looks stringy. I can't usually get the waves to clump again after separation but at least it's less frizzy.

I've been fiddling with my wavy/curly hair for 4 years and it rarely looks good. Tried CGM and various CGM products for 2-3 years and then went back to sulfates without a lot of improvement. Lately I've been blow drying it straight again just to look more put-together. My waves look messy.

What do you do?&&&Thank you! I will try combing in the shower and see if it makes a difference.&&&I'm definitely going to try this. Thank you!"
xephamoon,jyf7q4,"I brush the conditioner through my hair with a wet brush, then rinse, and that is the only brushing I do. I won’t get clumps with a Denman either , but I have fine dense waves."
DNA_ligase,jyc40i,"I use a scalp brush while shampooing to get rid of flakes and itchiness, so maybe try one of those?

I have the same cat sweatshirt, except in black :)"
Kingstonmama,jyc40i,Keep going! Moisture moisture moisture! Maybe try a gel instead of mousse? I find mousse too lightweight and gives me more frizz.
Pearella,jyc40i,"I tried your Tips! Update post :) Thoughts and suggestions?&&&&&&So after my first post a few days ago I  bought some products.
The first picture was my regular routine. For the second I switched my shampoo to goldwell waves and curls protein shampoo.  Tried the squish to condish technique with my bbc moisture kick conditioner.  Then I squished a bit a small amount of mousse in it : Balea locken styling. Put it in a micro faser towel for 15 minutes and let it air dry. I think it looks much better from behind.

For the second wash I tried taff lock balm and the balea mousse, all squished in. I let it dry with the micro towel for 20 minutes.  I diffused shortly and then let it air dry. 
It looks way more frizzy somehow. Wave pattern is pretty on one side but overall I think I liked the first wash better?
Why did it get so frizzy?

But since I stopped using a brush I have so much less knots in my hair! I don't know if I like the new shampoo sometimes my scalp feels a bit itchy.. but I used to brush my hair around 10 times a day so maybe I'm not used to not brushing my scalp? Today I combed through and idk my scalp likes being combed or brushed I guess?
Any thoughts or tips? I'm not sooo happy with the results but I guess I expected too much^^"" I still fight to not just brush my waves out. 
Thanks for reading <3&&&Whoops you were faster then me. I put it all in a comment now :)"
Retiredgiverofboners,jyc40i,Try curly girl method
SmartOwls,jyc40i,"You're taking the first step on a long journey. When you first start out you'll have sore muscles and blisters but slowly over time as your body adjusts your muscles get stronger and the pain fades. 

This is your hair right now. You'll have a period of rough hair where you're trying to get used to different techniques and finding the products that are right for you. I went through a couple months of terrible hair when  I first started because I didnt have a good routine and wasn't using the correct products. 

Once I figured out a routine that works for my life, I focused on finding products that worked with that routine. 

Stick with it. Keep squishing in the conditioner in the shower, keep using the products you.have and experiment with different amounts, maybe you're not using enough creme? Maybe the mousse doesn't have enough hold. Try experimenting. 

Try avoiding diffusing for now. Stick with plopping in the micro fibre towel and see how it helps . 


The big take away is to just stick with it. Keep going, your hair is definitely wavy, it needs to learn how to behave and you need to learn how to treat it properly. 

You've got this!! It's hard to break a lifetime of habits."
Sparkletail,jyc40i,"I’m wondering if you had quite a blunt cut on the ends and took a few inches off if it would help to curl more easily? Yours is thicker than mine but I find if mine gets too long the waves get pulled out because of the weight.

There’s another comment on here about it being a long experiment and that’s so true, my hair was a nightmare for about six months and I’ve only just started getting the hang of it on some days lol."
Taco_boutit,jyc40i,You can really see the improvement!! Maybe a cut with some layers would also help give it some more life?
Zombiegretel,jyc40i,Looks similar to my hair. What really helped me was to cut it. Now at chin length it looks really good without doing much. But that's my hair.
thartson,jyc40i,"When you diffuse, there are a lot of reasons for frizz. Heat and speed cause frizz. If you really want to speed up drying by diffusing, try low speed, low heat first. Pixi/hover/hammock diffusing work well for me. Look up some YouTube’s about diffusing. The mousse also might not be enough of a hold for diffusing. Even with a gel, I get no cast, but it keeps the hair more in place while the air blows on it."
vhrthrt,jyc40i,"I find my hair is more frizzy when I diffuse, I prefer to let it air dry. You could try a gel instead of a mousse it may work better for you! I also stopped plopping and started micro plopping which just scrunching you’re hair up in the microfibre towel to squeeze out extra moisture and help form curls (not leaving towel on your head)."
