index,id,comments
600tinysandwiches,en2ulx,"incorporating dry shampoo in the morning would help with the volume in her roots!

i normally shower in the morning but the days i opt for night showers, the following morning i like to dampen my hair with a spray bottle of water and spray a leave in treatment to help remold my curls. i like the redken frizz dismiss or wella milky waves. 

^ she could even substitute the cream gel in the morning instead of at night

edit: i just wanted to add that i noticed my waves started looking better when i stopped using scrunching creams. maybe the redken frizz dismiss and letting it air dry to ~do it’s thang~ would be an option for her"
LemonadeMuffins,en2ulx,"Posting for my sister: Need help finding a night time shower routine/Morning refresh Routine in comments&&&&&&Cross posted with r/curlyhair. 

My sister has wavy hair and is a night time shower gal. 

She doesn’t really follow the curly girl method, doesn’t die her hair, and uses heat maybe once a month. 

She uses Raw Sugar shampoo and conditioner every day (every day because she gets extremely oily roots, our mom was the same at her age) and clarifies once a week with V05. Dries with a microfiber towel so her hair isn’t dripping. 

Air dries for 15 mins then scrunches in a cream gel from garnier fructis. Dries until damp then puts it up to sleep in a scrunchie. 

Her hair isn’t usually as frizzy as it is today and her main issues are lack of volume at roots/ back of hair looks like “bed head”."
menchekia,en2ulx,"I shower at night, too, & I have both an air dry & a diffuser routine.  Each uses different products but I will share my air dry routine since your sister doesn't diffuse.

I find the key to both routines, honestly, is to apply products & scrunch before towel drying.  I wash & condition and then I use Living Proof's In-Shower Styler.  It is a lightweight lotion type curl cream.  I apply as directed.

Out of the shower, I dry myself off & then flip upside down & scrunch the hell out of my still dripping hair.  Then I plop with a Hair Repair towel (microfiber tshirt towel) for a bit.  I take my hair out of the plop & scrunch again.  Then I flip my hair to one side & keep it there for 15 minutes.  Then I flip it to the other side  & scrunch again.  I keep flipping my hair from side to side every 15 minutes until totally dry.  I do this to make sure my roots have volume when dry.  It keeps them from drying too flat.

So my hair is layered & I cannot pull it up into a pineapple as a result.  I sleep with my hair in a tube scarf/face mask thing (name brand is Buff).  I look like Marge Simpson but it works & it is comfortable.  You can find videos on YouTube for how to wear it.

In the AM, I have a small spray bottle filled with water & 2 drops of my favorite hair oil.  I mist my whole head, right side up, then flip upside down & lightly mist the underneath parts.  Then I scrunch again.  The water reactivates the product in my hair & helps any stretched out parts reshape.  I stand back up & use a pick to fluff out & separate the clumps for volume.

So when my roots get oily & flat (day 2 & 3), I have been experimenting with volume sprays.  So far, my favorite is Ouai's Texturizing spray.  It is like a dry shampoo & hair spray in one.

After I refresh, I lift sections of my hair that need more volume & spray & also spray right on the roots along my part.  Then I use the my pick again like I said above.

I hope that helps some!  With this routine, I have managed to bring out actual curls in addition to my waves."
Hitchchicken,emmhzq,"2A/B Low Porosity&&&Hello! Do y'all have any recommendations for hair products (from shampoo through styling products) for a guy with shorter, wavy hair? I've never been great about embracing my wavy hair and I really want to do it right. I appreciate any suggestions!&&&Thanks a ton! This is definitely helpful."
Itssnailspice,emmhzq,"I'm also a 2A/B low porosity wavy! I definitely don't have everything figured out but I did try every single shampoo/conditioner on the curly girl subreddit's list of low porosity holy grail products. 


Best shampoo for me was giovanni 2chic volumizing shampoo. My hair is really fine so I like this one because it cleans pretty well to keep my hair light instead of weighed down. 


Best conditioner was giovanni 2chic frizz be gone conditioner. This is really moisturizing while remaining light on my hair! Holy grail for sure. I can leave a little in even without it weighing me down. I found both of these products at my grocery store Sprouts.


I've tried a ridiculous amount of styling products and so far nothing has beat just scrunching in the blue bottle of LA looks sport gel."
mercurys-daughter,emmhzq,Check out the wiki on r/curlyhair
Bamagal77,elya68,"Hair cut and frizz&&&I've tried CGM a couple times before, but my hair is fine, and there's a ton of it and I \*think\* it's low porosity and it just didn't work for me, so I have always went back to straightening three times a week because I hate the frizz and honestly straightening gives me fairly frizz free hair for three days or until I was again and that's hard to stop :) Decided I want to try again with just accepting my hair but man I hate the frizz and how big it seems (although I have decided it may not be as big as I think it is, it's just I'm used to the flat iron look). Anyway my hair is about mid-way to my waist and I don't really want to lose any length. I also use henna for a red/auburn color. I picked up some herbal essences twisted gel and I am trying to add it while my hair is wet, but it's a delicate balance because it seems to get weighed down. My hair takes forever to dry with any product in it (4-8 hours depending on the temperature) and without product usually 2-4 again depending on the temp. I'm going for a cut this week and I have an idea (new stylist because I can't seem to find anybody that I've clicked with yet and I don't get cuts but probably 2-3 times a year) of something new to try. I think I want lots of layers to thin it out (I used to thin my hair because it gave me headaches cause there's so much, haven't done that in about two years and am fighting the urge to ask for it because everyone says it makes hair frizzier, but honestly I don't think I can tell a difference). My only problem with the layers is, I always go back to straightening my hair because it's just easier to deal with, so I don't want it to be obvious when I do. Is this even possible with allot of layers? Also any wavies on here that thin there hair with thinning shears even though it's a no-no? To be totally honest, I could care less if my hair got straighter or curlier, I just don't want the frizz.

Right now I'm using Renpure tea tree shampoo, Generic conditioning balm and totally twisted gel. This morning after the gel I added a little Generic conditioning foam to see if that helped and I seem to maybe have more definition, but the frizz is still there. Hoping to pick up some Devacurl Ultra defining gel this weekend to try.

Oh and one final note, I live in the deep south, so humidity is ALWAYS an issue. 

Thanks for reading and any advice you can offer, and sorry this turned into a book about my hair lol.&&&I tried argan oil years ago, probably around 5-7 years and it was too heavy for my hair, but when I think about it, I think it was something like Garnier argan oil serum, so it probably wasn't plain argan oil. I have had some success with Alterna's bamboo oil though. What brand coconut curl cream do you use?&&&I've had my hair razored and thinned with shears. I usually do the thinning shears, but like I said so many people tell me that it creates frizz, but I really can't tell a difference since mine has grown some. It just makes me wonder if thinning just works for some people without causing extra frizz??? You know how there's no ONE holy grail product for everyone?&&&I did wind up getting my hair thinned. It was the first time I've been to a stylist that asked ME how my hair used to respond to thinning. She asked me if I noticed it being frizzier before and didn't just tell me it would make my hair frizz more. She didn't thin the top layer, she sectioned it off and thinned underneath and those with thick hair will understand, wow it felt so good. Anyway she straightened it that day because I told her I would probably wear it straight again eventually, so she wanted to make sure it looked ok and was even. Washed it last night and yes, the frizz is still there, but the size isn't. I can live with this. It looks like I'm just gonna be one of those hard headed people that will always want to thin my hair. We agreed that once MAYBE twice a year would be all I would do it though."
jsgcbbfde24643,elya68,"I can't give you advice on the CGM because I don't do it, but I really like argan oil and coconut curl cream. It also helps to use a wide tooth comb in the shower when you're rinsing the conditioner out. Then don't lie on your hair while it dries. At least that's what works for me."
panu7,elya68,"I used to straighten a lot, too, and you are right about the frizz!  


My stylist ""razors"" my thick hair to thin it a little (maybe that's the thinning shears? I don't know the proper terms!). It makes it not as noticeable as layers, and seems to be okay for my thick, wavy hair, though I've only been trying this wavy hair thing for less than a year. She's been cutting it that way for years though."
FreshlyBrewedDreams,ekp8uh,"I have! Maybe silicones ""plumped"" up the hair shaft? My hair doesn't feel as full as it used to, I guess the trade off is more waves/ curls!"
GAfutbolMakesMeSad,ekp8uh,"I shed a lot anyway, so I didn't notice a huge increase. However, a lot of the natural shampoo relies on friction and scalp massage for cleansing. I noticed with the Diva Curl Lo Poo that  I lost more hair while showering than normal. However, this may have been hair I would have lost anyway from brushing it just loosened it up more?

I've had more success using more typical shampoo and then a silicone free conditioner. Once a week and then a conditioning shampoo when I need to wash my hair half way through the week. Otherwise it gets too weighted down. My hair responds wellto Biolage products but they're not really CG approved. C'est la vie."
Hereforhope,ekp8uh,✋ I stopped using CG products. Works for some. Not others
Itssnailspice,ekp8uh,"When I was using devacurl I had some serious hair loss issues! 

Currently I'm using Giovanni 2chic ultra-volume shampoo and Giovanni 2chic frizz be gone conditioner and no issue! I thought losing hair clumps was just part of the curly girl process but nope! Time to switch products.

I tried literally every shampoo/conditioner on the curly girl subreddits list of low porosity recommendations lol. These are definitely my holy grail products.&&&Curly Girl (referring to the curly girl method of not using silicones or sulfates etc)"
allie_mayfield,ekp8uh,"Maybe it's particular products that don't work for you? Or there's something else that's bad about them. You should try and switch to something else. I'd recommend trying some cg friendly baby shampoo. They are usually very gentle. 
I had substantially less hairs falling out a few months after I started using cg friendly products."
cassiej24,ekp8uh,"I have read that it’s usually a combo of things, not brushing hair or washing as often-so when you do it appears you’ve lost more. Also, when doing a co-wash or lowpoo people tend to scrub more at their scalp, releasing more “loose” hair follicles. But if you’re loosing big clumps from specific sections you should probably go see a derm."
dssah,ekp8uh,"Maui moisture has a few reddit posts and youtube videos regarding people losing hair, please look it up and I would suggest to stop using it !!!"
ih8comingupwithnames,ekp8uh,Overconditioning caused hair loss. When i did the deva curl no poo i lost a lot of hair. I had to switch to low poo but still lost some. I still go sulfate/silicone free but use less conditioner and gels. Still sucks though&&&Maybe the maui moisture is too moisturizing.
leelbeach,ekp8uh,I'm sorry what does CG stand for?
megheanne,ekp8uh,It's more likely the product itself rather than everything in the CG method. Switch out your poo/condish without changing anything else for a month or so and see what happens!
n3rua1,ekp8uh,"CG products cause hair loss?&&&I’ve noticed a dramatic reduction in the thickness of my hair since going silicone/sulfate free. The only products I use are Maui Moisture’s shampoo and conditioner and I have been for several months now. I’m not sure if there’s a correlation at all, but I definitely have noticed some “empty” looking spots on my scalp. Has anyone else experienced this?&&&If you don’t mind me asking did you experience hair loss with CG products?&&&Definitely gonna have to look into this. Thank you! Maybe I just need to try a different brand. Do you recommend another?&&&I thought the clumps were normal too especially considering I don’t really use a brush anymore. Just finger comb in the shower&&&Thank you! Do you recommend any products specifically? All I use is shampoo and conditioner. I don’t use gels or creams&&&Even if you don’t apply the conditioner to your scalp? I’m pretty careful about only applying it to the lower half of my hair. I was thinking maybe it was the shampoo specifically because it was directly touching my scalp&&&Didn’t think of this. Thank you 😊&&&I was kinda wondering this too. As if to say, this is my “true” hair without the chemicals. Not sure 🤔&&&Definitely thought about this. Lots of stress currently so that could be a factor. I will try a change of products first and then seek a medical professional. Sometimes ya just need someone else to tell you what to do even if you were already kinda thinking it 😂&&&The name speaks for itself 😂 you could be onto something&&&Thank you for your input and recommendation. I do feel as though my hair is definitely greasier using CG products and feels more weighed down. Will give your suggestion a try. 😊"
thenavylark,ekp8uh,"Could be the products, but hair loss can also be a symtom of some medical issues and it could just be a coincidence that it started when you began CG.  If changing products doesn't help, consider going to a medical professional with the issue just to make sure it isn't something else."
