index,id,comments
DixieGoblin,kcp5yr,"I love Courtney! S2C definitely helps. 

I would check on the ingredients in the Bumble and Bumble products you’re using. Many of them are CG. You may have build up or be using drying alcohols."
ShinigamiLeaf,kcp5yr,"You'd hair is seriously looking better after just a couple months! Heads up though that keeping it healthy while also bleaching is HARD. I love dying my hair but gave up and went to using only henna dyes this year cause my hair was just too destroyed. A good cut will help, and a lot of repairing treatments, but I honestly don't know if getting it fully healthy is possible while bleaching. Even with all that though I'd say your hair is looking better"
hungry_ghost34,kcp5yr,"Am I right in thinking your hair has been bleached?  If so, an Olaplex 3 treatment will probably help."
hurray4dolphins,kcp5yr,"It is so hard for some of us waives to coax the wave into our hair!

I bet if you cut off more hair you could coax more curls or waves. Or if your stylist cut a lot of the weight out of your hair. or add layers. 

 I, personally, have not been staying strictly CGM and it has been fine for my hair. Some of my fav products aren’t CGM approved. Some of the methods I have learned here have been really helpful, though. Using squish to condish to apply LA looks gel to my sopping wet hair was a game changer. So was plopping, pixi diffusing, and using a hair buff to help keep my waves volumized and in tact. These methods have all been more important in my journey then actually staying cgm approved is.

So, if you haven’t tried some different methods then maybe try experimenting more with that?"
justHopps,kcp5yr,"You will need a haircut. some layers will do a lot of good. Seriously ask for layers. A stronger hold product will help as well. 

Make sure to read up on moisture and protein balance. Sometimes a boost of protein helps. 

Two months is not a lot of time. I like to clarify my hair every few weeks especially if you’re not using CGM approved products."
kansas_hooper,kcp5yr,"I’m almost two months in and I see 0 change. I have a hair cut scheduled at the end of January where I plan to chop 3-4” off. Should I just baby my waves till then?&&&&&&I’ve got an appt with my girl scheduled for the end of January. It was the soonest I could get in with her cause her Saturdays go super fast. I plan on chopping 3-4” off plus getting tons of layers.&&&Current routine: 
Shampoo: Bumble and Bumble BB Curl Moisturizing shampoo. Scrub roots/scalp and let it rinse down my length. 

Conditioner: Bumble and Bumble 3-in-1 conditioner. I usually apply this to dripping hair, finger rake it thru, then detangle with a wet brush. With my last wash I tried to S2C like Swavy Curly Courtney does. 

Then I apply Paul Mitchell Flexible Styling Foam with prayer hands first. Then scrunch it in. 
I try to avoid heat so if I don’t have time to air dry I’ll diffuse on cold by pixie diffusing (I think this is what I’m doing?). 
I usually sleep in a satin scarf unless it’s close to wash day. 

My hair is a stringy and tangled mess usually even after I wash and dry. What am I doing wrong?! Add a curl cream? Too much moisture? Not enough? I’m so new still I know and I need to figure my hair out but I feel very very lost.&&&Yep it has been to achieve the vibrancy I want. Thankfully my stylist is certified to use Olaplex during colors so that’s always done along with bleach and color. I have been doing the No. 3 treatments semi-regularly at home but I need the largest bottle for all this hair and that shits not cheap.&&&I’m switching conditioners to the SheaMoisture Curl and Shine this week after learning (literally today) Bumble and Bumble isnt CGM approved. I feel bad switching brands before I run out of the product. Just ran out of the BB conditioner so a trip to Ulta is in order."
Andromeda853,kcoswc,"I second the protein treatment, and also experiment with other conditioners! I use NYM shampoos and a mix of two conditioners, one of which is actually a frizz/climate control one (still cgm i think) that i mix in to a second shampoo. Thats helped tame my hair a bit."
DrBubblesPhD,kcoswc,"I have heard deva curl is in some hot water for wrecking people's hair. I would be wary of that. As far as good, lightweight moisture that doesn't weigh hair down, I swear by the Not Your Mother's Naturals Coconut Milk and Marula Tree Oil shampoo and conditioner. I have tried others but keep coming back to it."
Encodead,kcoswc,"First off I'm very jealous of the volume of your hair! It's lovely. I wanted to weigh in and say you'd probably benefit from not just a clarifying shampoo session, but a chelating one too just in case you've got any kind of mineral build up (particularly if you've got colour treated hair which can leave residue as well.) I do a clarifying and chelating shampoo once every few weeks because our water is SO hard where I live. But if you don't have hard water, just try a one off chelating treatment (I think you can get sachets from Sally's). It helps to remove stuff a normal clarifying shampoo can't. All sorts of things can affect hair - water quality, mineral residues, pollution, medications, health etc and chelating can help with the residue that some of those things leave behind.

It sounds like you may have hydral fatigue due to over moisturising, but it's hard to know for sure without seeing your hair up close...either way I'd definitely work on getting the right protein / moisture balance. If you haven't already, it really helps to look up signs of hydral fatigue and protein overload so you can distinguish the signs if your hair starts going in the wrong direction. For example my hair really loves protein, my waves always bounce back after I've done a protein treatment.

I can't recommend products as I've not found my holy grails either, but experiment with some cheap options first - you need to find what works for you as some people's hair doesn't react well to certain ingredients - Glycerin, coconut, Shea, etc. All that type of stuff comes in to play, especially when it comes to wavies as traditional curly products can weigh our waves down. And don't be afraid to stray away from the ""traditional"" techniques, it's all about finding what works for your hair! 

On the plus side you can always give products to your partner if they don't work for you :) 

Ps as someone else has said, I'd hold off on Deva curl for a while if your hair has reacted badly. They've been under question for some time with some people having hair issues that are possibly attributed to their products."
HotRice0,kcoswc,"Wavy hair help!&&&&&&Hi! I am trying to figure out my hair and have been having a lot of trouble! I have wavy hair and have tried a lot of products my boyfriend uses for his curly hair that always weigh mine down ( Shea moisture and Deva Curl) and I am currently using just OGX brand for shampoo and conditioner and I know it’s not good for my hair but I am frustrated of buying things that don’t work. 

My hair is also SO dry and I feel like this has happened in the last couple weeks. Whenever I get it wet it becomes so tangly whereas before it would be super silky and I could comb thru with my fingers no problem, now I have to spend a while trying to get the tangles out in the shower. I used an entire Deva Curl Matcha moisture mask in the past 2 weeks and it didn’t help. 

I don’t know what products to use that won’t weigh down my hair and bring out my natural waves and restore moisture. I have looked on a bunch of sites and sources to try an find what would be best for wavy but it all seems like it would suit curly better and I would love anyone’s suggestions!! Thank you!!&&&Thank you all so much for your suggestions! I have read all the comments thoroughly and taken many notes and am excited to try some new things out!"
LSDsavedmylife,kcoswc,"Honestly I found simplifying my routine has helped a lot. A lot of the products used by many curlies like sheamoisture are meant for people with very curly hair and kinky textures, so it weighs down waves. Ive found that if you’re wavy you probably want to stay away from lots of heavy oils like coconut oil, and heavy protein.

I recently bought Johnson & Johnson baby shampoo for curly hair (~$4) which I really like. It comes in a pink bottle and you can find it at pretty much any drug store in the US. It lathers and cleans well. It was recommended on one of the Holy Grail threads here.  

For conditioner I splurged a bit on Giovanni smooth as silk. It is really good, but next I will probably buy the matching J&J conditioner to my shampoo because it’s cheaper.  

The reason I’ll probably drop the Giovanni is because I’ve been using the papaya Garnier Fructics Hair Food 1 min mask as needed and it helps a lot. It smells so yummy too!  

Also for leave in I have Curls blueberry or Kinky Curly. Both are great and don’t weigh the hair down. (there is coconut oil in the curls blueberry but it doesn’t bother me)"
Mybishop,kcoswc,"Hey girl, not sure if this will help. I have super dry wavy hair and use Olaplex no 6 and 7. (Not CGM friendly) but it makes all the difference and you need the TINIEST bit of both, I focus on only my ends. I’ll usually layer a mousse or gel on top (any will be fine) and this will cut down massively on frizz. I know they’re pricey but I suspect a bottle of each will last me at least two years. Good luck 💙."
Retiredgiverofboners,kcoswc,Your hair is beautiful.  If it feels like straw it might be because of too much protein.  Maybe clarify and do a moisture mask?  Or stop shampooing and just cowash (I love as I am cowash)
TheKakistocracy,kcoswc,"Do you have access to the [Garnier hair food](https://www.prettylittlething.com.au/garnier-ultimate-blends-hair-food-banana-3-in-1-dry-hair-mask.html) in your country? I have wavy hair that can get very dry and straw-like and have had similar problems detangling in the shower - this stuff has absolutely saved me for that! I use the banana one the most as I find the macadamia one to be a bit too heavy and the Aloe Vera is not as conditioning for my hair. It’s not always even expensive - I usually buy it when it’s on special at my local supermarket for $5.99 AUD. Love this stuff so much, it could definitely be worth a try for that shower part!

Edit: I’ve not used Deva Curl before but I do sometimes use Shea Moisture curl & shine shampoo and conditioner and also find that a lot of the time it leaves me quite greasy. I prefer to use a less specialised sulphate-free shampoo (Glow Lab at the moment) and then just soak my hair in Garnier’s hair food. :P"
TweedleJAR,kcoswc,"Adding to this, using Olaplex #0 & #3 always helps with damage & makes my hair feel amazing! Really the entire Olaplex line could help!"
Wavesmith,kcoswc,Seconding what somebody else said that if your hair feels tangly when wet you may be using products with too much protein for your hair. I’d look to make some if your products protein free.
coastalsagebrush,kcoswc,"Someone suggested that I use a foam for my hair cuz creams always just weigh down my hair and I've def seen an improvement. It was always really dry and kinda greasy at the same time but the foam adds great definition, keeps my hair hydrated, and doesn't weight it down"
jbei9981,kcoswc,"It sounds like your struggling with protein/moisture balance. Tough to say about which it is, but manes by Mel on YouTube has a great video on this and I think it would help you. 

In terms of products - My hair is a bit curlier than yours, but I can definitely relate to the super dry, tangly as soon as it's wet feeling. The best products I have found have been Not Your Mother's naturals, and the curl talk products. I've found that my hair gets very straw like if I use too many products with protein in them (which I think all of the curl talk products do), so I like to combine the curl talk (protein rich) shampoo with very moisturizing conditioner. The one I've found has surpassed all others is the NYM naturals tahitian gardenia (pink) conditioner and curl defining combing cream. When my hair is feeling super tangly and rough when it's wet, these immediately make it feel soft.

 The other trick that might help with the tangles is to really work in a lot of water with your conditioner, to the point where it feels slippery like seaweed. This is what will truly moisturize your hair. I think it matters less how ""heavy"" the products are if you use them sparingly and dilute them by using on very wet hair."
neverseektotell,kcoswc,"I would start with cowashing - look for the cheapest curly girl friendly conditioners where you are and only shampoo once every 3 washes. 

Then I would look for ways to work the water into your hair when you wash - squishing or the bowl method. 

Then I would try finding ways to seal in the water with products - whether that’s using a few drops of almond oil on your hands and scrunching, or using a leave-in conditioner or gel on wet hair.

But honestly, I’ve gotta say I love how your hair looks in the second pic."
pissgender,kcoswc,I think you might be overmoisturized! its weird but if your hair is overmoisturized it can sometimes feel dry and tangly. try doing a protein treatment!
potatopotatoee,kcoswc,"My hair is really similar to yours, I think. I'm taking a break from buying styling products for the same reason  – they're so hit or miss for my fine wavy hair, and the costs add up.

I've been experimenting with hair treatments that use ingredients I already have (inspired by  this post on [curly hair recipes](https://www.reddit.com/r/curlyhair/comments/ay4gup/easy_diy_recipes_for_homemade_curly_girl_products/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=web2x&context=3).) Was skeptical, but so far it's been way more reliable than products. 

I'm still using Hask shampoo + conditioner (avoiding sulfates, which dry my hair out), ending with a cold water rinse. Then I leave in some conditioner and apply homemade flaxseed gel, squishing out as much water as possible, so my hair isn't weighed down. It makes my hair look really healthy/shiny when I SOTC on my dry hair. 

Also been doing a deep condition treatment once a week with warm honey (humectant that hydrates hair) followed by coconut oil (seals cuticle) on warm, damp hair, which made my hair silkier. For fine hair, you just have to rinse it out well, even with a small bit of shampoo to avoid oily vibes. Good luck!"
txdejavu,kcoswc,Hiiii! I'm still learning what works best for me too but a tip im learned maybe it will help... Start with the basic products that are cheap. .... Youd be surprised at how many of the cheaper products meet the CG method. For instance.. Right now for deep clean shampoo I use Suave Clarity.. Condition with V05 extra body with collagen ... Leave in conditioner As I Am ... Do not rinse the leave in...Squish to condition so that your hair is saturated... I use a hair genie towel to plop and squeeze out extra water ...it can way your waves down..i section my hair ... I use a dime size amt of Cantu curl activating cream... Then I go over the cream using La Looks Gel... Coat every section... Lastly i Use Herbal Essence volume mousse... A little air dry and then diffuse upside down. And then scrunch out the crunch.... Like i said I'm still learning but a major thing ive figure out that makes a difference is your technique to apply products.... im still learning but ive seen a major increase in my volume and curls pattern. If you want to message me id me more than happy to share some progress pics :) Hang in there you can figure it out but I get the frustration :)
vhrthrt,kcoswc,"I believe some Ogx products have silicones which can sometimes cause dryness and buildup. You could try a silicone free routine as well as a clarifying shampoo like others mentioned. You could have hard water like I do, so I switched to Ion Hard Water Shampoo (from Sally’s) and it has definitely helped make my hair more soft and less dry! I also use Shea Moisture Manuka Honey Repair Protein Treatment once in a while and that helps as well as I was lacking protein!"
Bonitanina,kcjcnt,I have enjoyed finger curling it gives more definition but you need to follow the direction of your natural curls and a few occasionally the opposite direction but it will still be straight at the roots most likely. Mine is anyway I just recommend diffusing the roots for lift!
Wavyhaircare,kcjcnt,"Getting my waves to start higher requires a combo of techniques:

Styling upside down and applying product upside down.

Plopping to keep my roots from going flat due to the weight of water.

Damp styling instead of wet styling (meaning applying my products after plopping)

Diffusing dry instead of air drying 

Microplopping at any step if I see water pulling my roots flat. 

For me it's almost all about fighting water from pulling my hair down higher up. Though part of it is also making sure I get mousse all the way up my strands."
lewan115,kcjcnt,"Waves on top of head?&&&Hello all! I have some trouble with the crown of my head with my waves. I have about 2b waves and it looks great until about 3/4 up my hair and it looks kinda straight. I'm not sure if I'm washing wrong, not putting enough product in, or maybe just need a new method to encourage wave/curl. I was thinking about finger coiling but I'm not sure how that works on wavy hair. Anyone have some advice for this? Thanks!&&&This is really helpful!! I find though that plopping sometimes makes my roots flat (though maybe that's because I apply my products before plopping). What do you do to microplop?&&&Haha I love the positivity! You're right ❤️&&&I'll definitely try! Do you do it before/after product or put product in while doing it?&&&I'll definitely try! Do you do it before/after product or put product in while doing it?"
neverseektotell,kcjcnt,It’s probably just your curl pattern. Embrace what nature gave you💕
Least-Somewhere,kciwpp,I can’t style upside down for this reason. My hair gets so tangled and looks weird when dried
Numky101,kciwpp,"When you wash your hair upside down..&&&Do you have to untangle with a comb or brush? I’m trying not to brush my hair as much because it takes some of my waves away, but anytime I flip my hair around whether it’s wet or dry, I have to comb or brush it because it gets so tangled, to get the product through? Any advice to this?
Thanks 😊&&&I’ll search her up, it’ll probably take me a bit to get too but at least now I can watch the videos and get a better understanding visually. Thank you!!!! ❤️&&&Thank you so much this helps a lot!!&&&Yeah! Anytime I flip my hair around at all it gets tangles, even if I just brushed it. Do you have long hair? Mine goes to the middle of my back."
TraumaMamaZ,kciwpp,Same here...
helldog89,kciwpp,"Swavycurlycourtney has a good tutorial on Instagram and YouTube on how to wash and brush upside down, to avoid tangles when you flip it the right way up - essentially you have to pull the hair away from the scalp when brushing or finger detangling so it isn't stuck to the scalp and moves freely. It's taken me ages to get the hang of it and still don't always get it right when I'm in a rush!"
thenavylark,kciwpp,"I use a wet brush, but I also use my fingers to detangle. If my hair is dry I do lose some definition, but I can recapture some if I add water (or gel/mousse depending on the weather) and open palm ""scrunch"" (so kind of like a pat? Idk. I dont close my hand into a fist)."
tw231116,kciwpp,Sorry I know this is quite an old comment - would you have a link to this video?
WeAreStarless,kci86q,"i've ordered this, but it hasn't arrived yet, so i would also love to know 😂"
rennatyellek,kci86q,"Is Curl Junkie Repair Me worth it? Or does anyone have cheaper alternatives?&&&I do believe my hair is very over moisturized and in need of a protein treatment, and I keep reading great things about this. However, it will cost almost $40 with shipping and they don’t offer samples. Is it really worth it? Does anyone know of any cheaper alternatives? Thank you!&&&Great list! Thank you! I have the Curls Blueberry Bliss leave-in conditioner.. I feel that sometimes it makes my hair feel too moisturized but it could just be a bad combo with my other products. I will definitely try the hask protein treatment as I’m going to target soon anyway, and will look into the ecoslay!&&&Report back on your thoughts when you use it!&&&Thank you for the advice! I probably will buy it eventually but I think I will try a rice treatment for now!"
snarktini,kci86q,"I love it, but it's worth noting that it's both a protein AND a moisture treatment. My hair is dry and while I benefit from protein I can only use a little and only it if it's paired with a ton of hydration and Repair Me works great that way for me. So I tend to think it won't have enough protein for someone who's over-moisturized, but that's just a guess on my part. What about a rice treatment (which was waaaay too much for my hair) or some protein-heavy stylers? Might be cheaper and easier to access. I have also had great luck adding Neutral Protein Filler to existing products -- in the hand, not in the bottle -- to avoid buying all new ones.

2BC, fine, extremely dense, low porosity"
zillarillazilla,kci86q,"I am on a similar quest! 

Here is what I have found so far:

1) Hask Keratin Protein Treatment (pink packets for $2-3 at Target or Ulta) - I loved this and it’s definitely been my favorite so far. Smelled good, worked really well, affordable.

2) Curls Blueberry Bliss Treatment (at Target) - not digging it as much as Hask. It’s getting the job done though, and I’m finishing the bottle.


3) Ecoslay Matcha Boost (on ecoslay website) - haven’t tried yet but I’m excited to use it after I’m done with blueberry bliss is done. The ingredient list is very similar to Curl Repair."
MaltyMiso,kchlvb,Why would you want to use silicones is my first question? I use them because my hair high porosity from bleaching and cannot hold moisture very well. Silicones don't really absorb on anyone either. I would say if your hair is dry at all it might give your hair an even harder time absorbing moisture but you can also experiment and see what works for you.
throwaway43905094859,kchlvb,"Conditioning low porosity, fine,wavy hair. Will silicone weigh down my hair shaft?&&&"
WeAreStarless,kcha1b,"Hi! Your post has been removed because of rule 3: no self promotion.

Do not link to your Instagram / TikTok / YouTube / website / other platform I'm not aware of. It's okay to mention your Instagram handle if someone asks for it completely unprompted, but you can't invite people to ask.

Please keep this in mind for the future. Thank you!"
myliffe,kcha1b,Jaw-Length Curly Messy Bob.&&&[removed]
Wavyhaircare,kch1gv,"Totally twisted mousse doesn't have a strong enough hold to last me multiple days, either. NYM curl talk mousse and aussie instant freeze mousse do, though. I'd recommend either switching away from that mousse or maybe pairing it with a gel for stronger hold."
wormearth,kch1gv,"Help maintaining wave and volume over a fee days? Fine hair has trouble holding shape. Products/routine/more info in comments&&&&&&Thanks! Are there any gels you'd recommend (I really don't want to get rid of this mousse because I just got it after another mousse that didn't have enough hold lmao)&&&More info: I shampoo and condition with Hask Biotin Boost products. I then towel dry and apply Not Your Mother's ""Way to Grow"" leave-in conditioner and also apply Herbal Essences ""Totally Twisted Curl Boosting Mousse"". I'll wrap my hair up in a tshirt to dry for awhile then take it down to let it air dry the rest of the way. My hair is naturally very fine and has trouble holding shape and the wave falls out almost instantly if I brush it, wet or dry. My hair has been pin-straight my whole life and it just started having a little wave in the past few months so I'm still trying to figure out how to care for it correctly. My hair has been color treated with a semi-permanent brown dye last year which has faded out to this color + the under half of my hair is bleached blonde.

Edit: Would also like to mention frizz is not a concern of mine. My hair is pretty much always super smooth"
anonymous_here767,kcfwa4,"Two good wash days in a row!!!&&&&&&I've had two good wash days in a row! This is completely unheard of for me, and I think I figured out how to use diffusing to help my hair. The gray sweater is today after SOTC, the blue shirt is Wednesday right after SOTC (it lost a lot of volume and definition a few minutes later)

Routine:

Shampoo with As I am Dry and Itchy Scalp (Wed.) or Love, Beauty, and Planet prevent and preserve (today, my hair didn't feel like it needed the extra moisture from As I am) I use warm/hot water to shampoo and try to rub with my fingers all over my scalp. I turn my head all over to get the water and shampoo where it needs to be.

Condition: NYM Naturals Green Apple conditioner: used one-two pumps squished/detangled, let sit through rest of shower, then rinsed out while scrunching with cold water on lower pressure. Rinsed side-to-side and sometimes upside down

Gel: Giovanni LA Naturals: Kinda roped and kinda prayer hands (application is not my strength) all over. Sometimes upside down. **Added more water by cupping it in when I felt like I needed to.** I think this helped somewhat with application and frizz reduction, which I've been struggling with as the seasons changed.

Finally, I plopped while I got dressed etc. (10 minutes max. probably.) Then, I let my hair air dry for awhile (until it was more dampish, this was totally random on Wednesday, but tested it again today to see if it would work). Then, I diffused for about 10 minutes. It still had to air dry for a few hours, but I think diffusing helped with definition.

I know the routine looks super long, but it's honestly really simple."
TraumaMamaZ,kccsmn,"I usually use some Bobby pins to keep it off my face. Sometimes just one to keep the side part from turning into a curtain over my face, sometimes to pull it into a 1/2 updo sort of thing so I only need to worry about controlling half of it (my under layer is much easier to control.)"
TweedleJAR,kccsmn,"Any functional hair accessory suggestions?&&&I’m tired of always using my glasses as a headband, so I’m looking for a headband or something to hold my hair back. 

And don’t say the Zazzy band. My hair must not be voluminous enough to actually make it look good, because the band clearly shows on the top of my head. So when I wear it I just have this weird square plastic thing on my head & I look ridiculous lol

Does anyone have anything similar that works for them? Plastic headbands? Barrettes? Please let me know what works for you"
WeAreStarless,kccsmn,">So when I wear it I just have this weird square plastic thing on my head & I look ridiculous lol

i personally just roll with that vibe! i didn't know it was intended to be invisible, mine sure isn't"
helliebell3,kccsmn,"I love those giant barrettes with the faux pearls! They’re a little silly but make me feel super cute. A little hair spray on the back of them to make sure they stay nice and secure, then I just clip them in above my ears to keep my hair out of my face. I still feel “styled” but it’s very low effort."
krningg,kccsmn,Fabric headbands with a wire inside. I’m not sure what they’re called but they’re pretty bendy and hold their shape pretty well when you “tie them” (more of a twist to hold in place)
neverseektotell,kccsmn,Fabric headbands that go all the way around. One large barrette that I twist back the front part of my hair back and clip towards the side/back of my head. Jaw clips all day every day. Scrunchies.
No_Platform_4154,kc7tvr,My waves and curls wouldn't survive going to bed damp even with product in it. I have to have completely dry hair before sleeping on it. Up in a pineapple and in a buff on a silk pillow. It takes me over an hour to diffuse my hair to 100% dry and I see you have to wash yours daily. So maybe just aim for hair health during the week and definition on special occasions?
Sylvss1011,kc7tvr,"You can put your hair in “pineapple” , which is a loose ponytail on the top of your head, but that’s pretty much it. You could try sleeping in braids with your hair slightly damp, and that’ll give you some waves in the morning if you wanna try that"
Vicktrolia,kc7tvr,"This is my hair slightly damp after diffusing. The waves and little curls that i get dissappear after going to bed. Is there anything I can do to help them stay longer?&&&&&&I shampoo twice a week with Shea moisture Hydrate&Repair shampoo and condition once a week with Carols Daughter Hair milk curl cleaning conditoner. 
Sometimes I also use Its a 10 miracle leave in plus keratin. 

I do wash my hair everyday but thats because of my job.&&&I didnt know i had to do that😯 im very new to this. I do have silk pillowcases though"
WeAreStarless,kc7tvr,what are you doing to protect your waves overnight?
justHopps,kc7tvr,"You’re not really using any product to hold the waves. 

Sleeping in a braid/bun helps."
RadishDerp,kc7955,"Had a great wash day!&&&&&&Routine: 
- cake shampoo and conditioner 
- detangle with conditioner in 
- add water and s2c 
- leave shower 
- seperate hair into top and bottom sections 
- rake in Giovanni direct leave in 
- rake in cake curl cream 
- style with denman brush, brushing away from head
- same with top section, but brush upwards with denman instead. Gently part hair 
- scrunch in Brazilian foam thing 
- add root clips on flat areas and touch up any limp curls 
- air dry 
- SOTC with oil"
lachinalatina,kc5f2i,"Day 4 Hair! (Left taken 11/11/2020, right taken 08/2019)&&&I've finally gotten down this whole refresh thing and now I don't have to depend on washdays for ""good hair days!"" So, I thought I'd take a look at what my hair used to look like when it needed a good wash and uhh.. well.. safe to say we've seen some progress.

I started caring for my curls after years of heat and bleach damage when quarantine started (03/2020) and I'm kind of obsessed with this whole process. I've discovered I have low porosity (due to the virgin hair pretty much taking over the bleached parts), med/coarse, high density and 2b/2c (3a on a good day).

Refresh routine:

\*upright styling in sections using spray bottle to dampen hair, applying leave-in, mousse, and gel while raking in between products to distribute and then using a wetbrush after all products are applied for clumps, then scrunch and diffuse\*

Leave-in: Curls Blueberry Bliss Leave-in

Mousse: Aussie mousse

Gel: Giovanni LA Hold gel (emulsified with some water)

https://preview.redd.it/kdy0zbzo9w461.jpg?width=4096&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=d81d1bd98b57873e99559da0002b1bfe739e7aee"
helliebell3,kc56xd,"Pacifica Pineapple Curls Line&&&(Mobile warning) I’ve been thinking of trying this line out, but would love to hear some opinions! I’ve heard on r/curlygirl that the conditioner is heavier on moisture than protein. But the shampoo lists soy protein relatively high on the ingredient list, so I’m curious about that product. They also have a curl cream, which I know nothing about! Any feedback is appreciated. Has anyone tried it? What did you think, and what is your hair like?&&&Update if anyone sees this post later: I love the shampoo in this line. It’s very sudsy, and makes my hair feel squeaky clean, but it’s still CG approved. If you feel like you get your best results after a reset wash, I 100% recommend this shampoo. It gives the same feeling but isn’t as harsh as a sulfate. Plus, my hair is loving the dose of protein. Curls clump easier and more consistently. 

I’ve not tried the conditioner or curl cream but honestly I might after such good results with the shampoo. Price point is similar to NYM"
StrawberryHead99,kc55sy,"Product help!&&&I don’t even know where to begin! I think I have 2a/2b hair type. I have really thick hair that is low/medium porosity. It gets frizzy too. When trying to figure out a good CGM for my boyfriend (who has really curly hair) I dabbled in some of the products and found that they weight my hair down A LOT. Now I’m overwhelmed and at a loss of what to use for my hair. I don’t know what masks or even gel/mousse to use. I’ve spent quite some time on this subreddit but I find it so overwhelming I’m not quite sure where to start. 

I currently use Maui lightweight/hydration + hibiscus water for condition 
Maui shine + awapuhi shampoo (once a week) 
As I am cowash (ever other day to a couple of days) 
The only treatment I use is Shea moisture leave in treatment (this weighs my hair down) 

I always air dry my hair and have tried plopping it with a t-shirt which works but without products, my hair does retain its waves in some places
I find the as I am cowash hydrating for my hair and doesn’t weigh my hair down but I feel like it’s the only product I use that does well for me 

I don’t have dry hair and don’t usually have moisture problems, my scalp gets really oily sometimes but the Maui products aren’t hydrating my hair enough, I feel like that do dry my hair out. 
I just need help on what to use that might work better for me! Thanks for the help in advance! I’ll post pictures on my hair in the comments if that’ll help out!"
Bonitanina,kc4y94,Looks gorgeous!!!
Sugarbooger8,kc4y94,"I posted the other day about my hair struggles and I finally got a good hair day after starting the CGM since June.&&&&&&My rountine is wash with Pantene curl care shampoo, and condition with NYM curl conditioner with a couple drops of protein. Styled with blueberry bliss leave in, Cantu gel, and NYM moose. Micro plopped and diffused until fully dry."
T_chronicles,kc4y94,What are the drops of protein? Trying to figure out a good protein product. Btw your hair looks gorgeous!
Wavyhaircare,kc4op1,"I did the same thing! I read about protein overload early on and was scared of protein. Then when I finally used it, i was in bad moisture overload so the improvement it made was huge."
WeAreStarless,kc4op1,"it's a total myth anyway! i don't know where it comes from, the idea that low porosity needs no protein and that high porosity needs a lot of protein, but porosity and protein/moisture balance are entirely unrelated"
brittathisusername,kc4op1,"Don't scare away from protein just because you have low porosity hair. I've followed strict rules and didn't use protein until now. It's been amazing.&&&&&&Routine: Tea tree triple treat invigorating shampoo and conditioner. Shampoo and condition upside down and comb through conditioner and rinse. 

Squeeze out excess water and squish in blueberry bliss reparative leave in conditioner. The plop in a t-shirt for about 10-15 mins then take down and micro-plop right side up to get my hair in the right place. Air dry. 

Refresh: Spritz with distilled water and kinda scrunch. That's it. 

(I sleep in a silk cap to protect)&&&Yes! I'm so glad I just gave in to try and see what happens. So happy with the results and the stuff smells amazing."
neverseektotell,kc4op1,Is the blueberry bliss the protein-containing product?
zillarillazilla,kc4op1,I agree! I’m low porosity and my hair has been loving protein!!
Least-Somewhere,kc0yo3,"I have cowlicks and I can’t plop with gel/mousse at all or they go nuts. I do microplopping or plop with just the leave in or a cream. I also hate that I can’t get a part when I’m upside down so style up for a cleaner look, even though my waves aren’t as intense"
helliebell3,kc0yo3,"How long are you plopping? The longer you do it, the more it can exacerbate cowlicks. Aim for no more than 20 minutes. Something else to think about is that you might not have a straight part at all when wearing your hair curly"
iamchickenssss,kc0yo3,"Creating part in hair??&&&I cannot for the life of me create a part in my hair without separating my clumps and making the top bit of my hair all stringy (even on my best days). I also don’t have a defined “natural part”, I have a lot of cowlicks so my hair goes all over the place :( any tips/tricks???

Routine: Shampoo/condition w/NYM Sea Mineral line, prayer hands and squish Kinky curly custard, plop, air dry w/NYM Sea Mineral mousse.&&&OOH never thought about that - I’ll definitely try plopping for less time, thanks! :)&&&No bc I keep my head pretty much upside down the whole time it’s wet but I’ll give it a shot! Thank you :)"
me-me-123,kc0yo3,Do you part when your hair is sopping wet? I do that before plopping and it usually eliminates any extra frizz or weird separation
vintage-sunrae,kc0yo3,"Same! What seems to work best for me is to not plop, but part my hair with a comb after I get out of the shower. I usually glaze and squish in a curl custard upside down in the shower, get out of the shower and part my hair, then glaze and squish in gel, scrunch with a microfiber towel and let it air dry."
