index,id,comments
BebeCrow777,ins51i,"If my hair is more on the straight side, a bun gives me soft flowy waves. If it’s leaning more defined/curly, I’ve slept with a silk scarf or pineapple pony and that keeps my wave nice. Also not opposed to sleeping in a braid :)"
BlackWhiteStriped,ins51i,Does anyone put their hair in a bun during the day or while the sleep to get good waves?&&&I heard put your hair in a bun while wet will cause split ends and damaged hair.  I also see other posts that wearing damp hair in a bun while you sleep will make your hair nice and wavy by morning. Do you avoid the bun altogether and wear a ponytail to preserve your waves?
Kangaroosaurus,ins51i,"I find the ""soft"" bun works pretty well for me with damp or dry hair. My hair is very fine and prone to tangling and breakage, and long..to my waist. I had good results after plopping for about 15  min, letting it air dry for a little while, then flip my head upside down, gently gather the hair (try to make sure my part is tidy and where I want it, then gently twist all my hair in one direction (same direction it tends to wave) then wrap the twist around itself and tie off with a soft scrunchie, just tight enough to hold for sleeping. If I put it in a bun while wet, it is still damp by morning, so I don't necessarily lose the waves but essentially have to do whatever styling I would with damp hair. I get damage if I use those skinny cloth elastic hair ties, or wrap too tight."
apbannister22291,ins51i,I used to put my hair in a bun constantly (like a ballerina style bun) when wet right out of the shower and I always used to have incredible success when I took it out still slightly wet after a few hours and then brushing it out and styling it as normal. Sadly after I ruined my hair with bleach years ago I haven’t had the same success with that method. I always have success with putting my hair in a loose pony with a scrunchy overnight to preserve my waves.
bookraven4,ins51i,personally buns actually straighten my hair! so i only wear a bun if i’m desperate lol
glow89,ins51i,"I put my hair in a bun when I go to sleep bc that’s the only way i can keep my waves overnight, especially if i wash my hair before bed. I know it’s probably bad for my hair, but my choices are bun or messy, gross looking hair, so i’m going with a bun!"
Nibblinsquirrel,inp6qx,"So I’ve used the aphogee two step before and I would be cautious unless you know how your hair reacts to protein, because it is very strong. I mainly recommend it to people whose hair is very damaged from bleach, and their hair feels stretchy and gummy while wet. If this isn’t you, then I would stick with a conditioner with protein. The curl junkie repair me is probably my fav but it’s very expensive. Another option is the hask deep conditioning packet that comes in hot pink packaging (sorry I forget the name!), which is also very good but is more moisturizing and thicker. Another option is to get protein filler from Sally’s beauty supply and mix it into your conditioner or deep conditioner- just a warning it is very liquidy. You would want to get a clear protein filler because I think some have color added. Hope this helps!"
WeAreStarless,inp6qx,the aphogee is way stronger!
goodmoonvibes,inp6qx,"For protein, is Aphogee Two step (minus their silicone conditioner) or a deep conditioning with protein better?&&&&&&It does!! I tried a rice water rinse on a section of hair, guess what... wave came back after days of limp nothingness!  I’ll do a diluted rice water rinse every week till better and leave the aphogee for another time. I agree might be too strong for my natural hairs. Thanks a bunch!!!!!!!!! 🐤&&&Any recommendation for a deep conditioner for after? The info is overwhelming and I see most have protein or silicones or oils that don’t penetrate but sit on the hair"
Ok-Yak-2963,inod79,I’m new to the wavy hair community and I need your help! Looking for tips! I’m also curious as to what you think my wave type is?&&&
sagefairyy,inod79,2a/b :)
Rommie557,inmedh,"The LA gel is a great budget option, but I found it a little drying fr my hair. Maybe changing your gel would give you more moisture?

I get weighed down really easily too, but I've noticed I can use the heavier oils if I use a verrrry small amount and emulsify it with water before application. Like smaller than dime sized for my whole head.

I've been using Curls Blueberry Bliss Leave in lately, it is relatively light."
X0utlanderX,inmedh,The LA gel made my hair very sticky and left residue. I never got a cast from it either
builtthiscityon,inmedh,Moisturizing or hydrating?
plentypapaya,inmedh,As I Am has a great leave in.
yougoglencocox,inmedh,"Moisturizing products that are still lightweight?&&&Hey all, I'm about 4 months into CG and am having difficulty finding moisturizing products that avoid ""heavy"" ingredients like coconut oil, shea butter, etc. I find that lighter oils work better since my hair is so easily weighed down.  I'm looking for deep conditioners and leave in/creams that are moisturizing but will still make my waves pop. Current routine: NYM sea kelp shampoo/conditioner with LA gel, on day 3 I might add argan oil. Twice a month I use deep conditioner/aphogee protein treatment. For reference my hair is 2b-c, thick and low porosity but also very dry.&&&Hmm I guess I honestly don't know the difference"
builtthiscityon,inknht,You could probably get that from Prose
dreamsmarter,inknht,"Can you specify what herbs are irritating? Seems like every product has some kind of plant as an ingredient. Is it just the essential oil that's bad? What are some examples of other products that do work for you?

I've used Jessicurl deep treatment which has a no fragrance option but it has shea butter and various plant ingredients. Giovanni Hair Reconstructor is less heavy but still has plant extracts. It might work. 🤷"
goodmoonvibes,inknht,"Anyone know of any deep conditioners for sensitive skin, minus the essential oils and fragrance?&&&I’ve already purchased the Sante sensitive hair and conditioner for normal use, but I have an aphogee two step protein treatment waiting to be used ( it’s my first, I realized my hair is lacking a lottt of protein) but I don’t like the silicones in the second step. 

I’ve searched CG approved, Silicone free, protein-free deep conditioners but most have coconut oil (which I can’t use) or other heavy oils/butters which are mixed with essential oils (citrus, herbal and tea tree especially irritating)

I’m at a loss! 

Does anyone else with fine-medium thickness find that just leaving a regular conditioner on for longer works too? Or should I be looking at something a lot more conditioning because of the protein?&&&I looked at jessicurl and see it has peppermint, I’ve tried it in the past and oh man does it burn. It also has a few others that usually irritate but they’re at the end of the list. (Lemon, citronelol, thyme)

Nothings worked in the past because I thought I just had hopeless straight hair. I never really used much on it except clarifiers and crappy conditioners here and there, but not often cause it weighed down too much. 
I guess I don’t mind being limp after a protein treatment cause it’s supposed to be that, deeply restoring and nourishing with moisture to gain balance. I’ll see if I could order it in Europe. 

Giovanni also has a few of the same but also farther down the list. Maybe I’ll try one with the least I could find and farthest down the lists. I’m assuming it contains proteins which I don’t want according to protein treatment tips"
smokedpearls,inknht,"So I was doing a deep dive search looking for the same answers you’re looking for and came across your thread! I too am irritated by fragrance and have to avoid certain essential oils in products. Is shea butter too heavy for you? I looked at the ingredient list on a deep conditioning treatment I started using from Kristen Ess, I found it at target and it’s pretty good! But there are some oils and I don’t know if it is protein free but worth a look. 

I’ve also just started using Free & Clear shampoo and conditioner, I used it yesterday for the first time so I can say so far so good but not enough use to know if it’s my new staples. They are part of the company Vanicream and I’ve had fantastic luck with their cream and lotion on my skin because legit everything will irritate my skin!"
Mmadchef808,ineyqg,Haircut looks great 👍
SnooOranges9863,ineyqg,2a
Wavyhaircare,ineyqg,"Looks to me like it went from mostly 2a to now being mostly 2b. 

&#x200B;

Can I ask how you like the curl defining detangler or sort of what benefits you use it for? Do you just use it as a detangler? Or do you use it more for leave-in conditioner type benefits? I've read of people using it as a leave-in but have seen mixed reviews as far as whether it does much to help as well as how heavy (or not) it is. I don't struggle with tangles but I haven't found a leave-in conditioner or cream that I really love yet. I love the ""pink"" shampoo but haven't tried anything else from the line."
_Tiny_Penguin_,ineyqg,"Your hair is beautiful! Mine is similar to yours before the cut except that mine is thinner. With the weight of your hair lifted, your hair was able to curl up more so I'd say you're a 2b now. How do you like the curl lotion? I always see it at CVS and never heard anyone talk about it but it's really cheap and looks promising except that it has glycerin really high in the ingredients so I'm not sure if it would work in humidity."
builtthiscityon,ineyqg,Looks like it’s a head of 2B that’s always been 2B just lacking the opportunity to take the styling definition
dilf314,ineyqg,i thought that was 2C
kelroserita,ineyqg,Off topic but I love your earrings!  Your haircut looks great as well!
ma_hell_yeah,ineyqg,Your hair looks so shiny and healthy after your cut!
p_ruthless,ineyqg,"The first picture is before my haircut the second is after. What hair type do y’all think I have? I’ve always figured it was 2a-2b, any tips are welcome!&&&&&&I told her that I wanted a 70’s shag! I pulled up a few reference pictures, and it’s done wonders for my hair!&&&I used to deal with tangles in the first picture, and it definitely helped with the tangles but now that all my dead ends are gone I don’t struggle with that anymore! To be completely honest I just use it still because I’m nervous to switch up my routine without any guidance. I really don’t notice much of a difference when I don’t use it. If I use it too close to my roots I can tell it weighs them down! I definitely recommend it if you struggle with tangles, if not, it’s not worth it in my opinion!&&&My routine is: 
Shampoo and conditioner (Not Your Mothers curl defining), 
Spray with NYM curl defining curl detangler,
Comb with pick,
Scrunch with Marc Anthony Strictly Curls curl defining lotion,  
Plop for as long as I can."
shogomomo,ineyqg,Can I ask how you communicated this cut to your stylist?? Its what I keep trying to get but I feel like they never put in enough layers!
tranquil_turtle,ineyqg,"I'd say 2A, 2B is more tighter ""S"" shapes like after you braid your hair wet."
whyntsecretsauceboss,ineyqg,I found this quiz surprisingly helpful when I was first starting the curly hair journey - https://www.naturallycurly.com/quiz
blue-spot-yellow,inabwl,"I've also struggled with the straight outer layer. The thing that helped me the most was a haircut. By adding layers (modern shag) starting at my chin it helped to alleviate the weight that seemed to be pulling the hair straight. The top layer is closer to bottom layer for curl pattern now.

Also, it might be worthwhile to invest in a more heavy duty moisture routine (like a leave in plus regularly using a mask). My waves are soft so I have to build in more protein regularly to help keep things defined. 

Don't give up! This stuff takes time but it's worth it."
builtthiscityon,inabwl,Your hair might need hydration
bunbananabread,inabwl,"thick, weirdly wavy, ugly hair - pls help!&&&hi, I'm a girl and have been struggling with my hair since middle school. I'd like to preface and say that I've read the wiki, the curly hair document, done tons of research, and still don't know what to do. I've had thick hair for most of my life, but about a few years ago it became really wavy and had a few curls. My hair is similar to my mother's (her hair is very wavy, thick, and frizzy, but has always treated it like straight hair) so I think I got it from her. But my hair is so messed up -- the outside layer is straight and the inside layer is wavy, frizzy, and thick. It's been like this for a couple years and I've always hated it. I've felt embarrassed to go outside with it and everyone around me has such nice hair except for me. it's gotten really bad and has messed with my self-esteem :/

For my past routine: I had already been using the Aveeno sulfate free shampoo for a couple years, and besides straightening once I always blow dried my hair on high heat after showering (I've stopped that now).

I had never put in products after the shower so after some researched I've adjusted my **routine** to this: ------Maui shampoo (hydration for dry, damaged hair), Not Your Mother's Mango shea butter conditioner, and Aussie gel, but I might stop using the gel. I only comb through when I have conditioner in the shower and scrunch it a bit. I have a SheaMoisture Jamaican Black Castor Oil mask that I'm starting to use once a week. I'm also going to be picking up a leave-in soon. After showering regularly I now plop for 10 mins and then blow dry on low heat until it's halfway dry, then let it air dry the rest. My hair takes a long time air dry on it's own- almost a full day, so the blow dryer help the first half.

But even after air drying and the new shampoo/conditioner my hair looks awful still - weirdly wavy, outside layer is still straight for some reason, and thick. It just looks and feels awful and dry and coarse. I think that means it needs more moisture but with the shampoo and the mask not much changed. I dont have silicones or sulfates in my products, I don't dry my hair with a towel, and I don't touch my hair much once it's air drying. Also to preface I've already clarified my hair before starting. I don't really know what else to do and I'm kind of at the end of my rope here. i just kind of feel like there's no point of figuring it out anymore :/ any advice is appreciated&&&ty for replying :) ive also heard of layered hairstyles helping with curls and waves, i guess im just hesitant because i havent gotten a styled haircut in a while and not sure how id like it / how id style it.. but at this point im pretty desperate so ill consider getting it !&&&i was thinking of buying a curly cream from sheamositure or for Taliah,, but im not sure if itll do anything for my straight outer layer. as for gel i basically just scrunch it normally,, what do u mean by prayer hands? is that when u apply gel to a lock of hair and then scrunch?&&&thats what i was thinking — im really confused though with the balance between protein and hydration"
slizzard3690,inabwl,You can try a curl cream before putting the gel on maybe. When you do the gel do you scrunch in or coat it in with prayer hands? Its important to make sure your ends are coated to seal it. I recently discovered I was scrunching way too aggressively and making frizz so now everything is gentle gentle
FloraFit,in8hhd,"I used it after bleaching my hair. It’s incredibly expensive and did *nothing*.

EDIT: the olaplex cult strikes again 🤣"
FrizzychunkCAT,in8hhd,"Olaplex #3 made me believe in my hair. It made me feel like ,”yes I can.”  I’ve only done it 3 times in 9 months. It does not help with my curl pattern at all. But it does make my hair soft and healthy and more manageable and so much less frizzy. I wish it was in the recommended start guide for CGM- it would have reduced my beginners struggle significantly. 

It isn’t the only bond rebuilder on the market. I saw an article that listed several dupes to try, but I don’t know which one to try next - there aren’t enough reviews / info to make me feel confident that I wouldn’t be wasting my money.  

https://www.essiebutton.com/olaplex-no-3-review-and-dupes/

I am absolutely looking forward to the day when I find a dupe and do not have to spend $28 for a tiny bottle. 

The reviews on Amazon seem to indicate that there may have been a counterfeit product... I don’t know if it’s just a nasty rumor but I haven’t bought it from Amazon because of that concern. Sephora only."
Komlee,in8hhd,"Edit: I've only tried the #3 treatment so can't speak to anything but that, completely forgot they have other products too. 

Olaplex is as far as I know cgm, I know a lot of curly youtubers swear by it too. I've used it a few times but not regularly. The first time my hair felt so much stronger and healthier, didn't notice much change to the curl pattern though. At that point my hair was pretty healthy but had some damage. Now my hair is healthier (but still in need of both moisture and protein) and olaplex doesn't really do anything for me so I've stopped using it.

I checked the ingredients for the Function of Beauty shampoo and conditioner I was recommended and they were certainly not cgm so I didn't buy them. They're customer service was also rather sneaky with how they defined some of the ingredients, rather playing down what affect they can have on hair (in my mind if I don't want to use an ingredient that's up to me) so that put me off it too.

For reference my hair is very fine, low density, normal/low porosity and a mix of 2c-3a waves and curls."
Tansy_Blue,in8hhd,"Do they just never tell you the ingredients list? I was interested in them but I really like to check out the INCI before I buy anything.&&&The ingredient that makes Olaplex work is bis-aminopropyl diglycol dimaleate, which Olaplex have a patent on. So you won't find anything that is exactly the same as Olaplex. However, other products may have different ingredients that have a similar effect. :)"
TweedleJAR,in8hhd,"I just tried Olaplex #3 for the first time recently & it is *ungodly* amazing. It really brought life to some of my more damaged areas (top/front)

So I’m totally on board"
blyth33s,in8hhd,How soon after using it do you do the protein treatment?
especiallyknot,in8hhd,I've only heard bad things about function of beauty from non-sponsored reviewers. I find their lack of ingredients list concerning.&&&sephora stocks olaplex
fgmason78,in8hhd,"My hair was terribly damaged from going dark,light, back to dark,etc. back and forth (I get bored🤷🏼‍♀️). It would break off in clumps just by brushing it. So I tried the Olaplex 3 and it completely changed my hair health. At first I was doing it 3 times a week and tapered off as I saw my hair improve. I use it periodically (about once every month or so). I also use the Olaplex 6 every time I was my hair. After I shower and towel dry, I use a pea size from mid shaft down on my hair (I have long hair and it doesn’t take much at all to cover). It helps maintain the health of my hair. I highly recommend it!"
huffsterr,in8hhd,"I tried FoB on a recommendation before getting interested in CGM. I tried to look into the ingredients and found their website to be virtually useless. I couldn’t even find a place to see the ingredients list of my specific formulation in my account. I’m sure I could have called and probed for more info but it irritated me so much that I just wrote it off. 

It’s also interesting to note that the products are sulfate free but not silicone free, which sounds like a recipe for disaster based on what i know of cgm (which is admittedly still basic). Maybe that’s why I always felt like my hair never quite felt right when using their products."
hungry_ghost34,in8hhd,"I bleach my hair, and before I started using it I lost some of my curl pattern (it's normally 2c/3a, but it was more like 2a for a while).  

Now I use Olaplex #3 every two weeks, before a protein treatment, and my hair is so much healthier.  I recommend it to everyone."
kpipe54,in8hhd,I have Olaplex #3 on my hair as I’m writing this and it is incredible. Can’t speak to any of their other products though.
monsty90,in8hhd,"I use Olaplex no 3 every few weeks and it has really improved the health of my hair. It didn’t magically transform my hair after one use, but regular usage has really improved it over time. On a related note, where is everyone buying their olaplex 3? I am in the United States and had been getting it off Walmart.com. However, I am running low and haven’t seen it there for quite some time. I heard a lot of people receiving a fake version when buying from Amazon."
nicole_pkelly3,in8hhd,"What do we think about Olaplex products?&&&I've been trying some different shampoos and conditioners at the minute. I've checked alot of CGM websites and lists but haven't found any feedback about Function of Beauty or Olaplex products? Anybody here tried them and if so what are your experiences compared to other brands?&&&Okay so this is the response I got from Function of Beauty about ingredients folks!!

Thank you for reaching out to us! We don’t have one set list of ingredients we can share, as every formula is individually created and filled based on a customer’s unique hair profile. We do, however, send a detailed regimen card with your order so you can see what ingredients are included in your formula.Are there any specific ingredients you’re allergic to or wary of? We’d be happy to check on those for you!

You mentioned wanting to know more about our proteins, so we looked those up for you. We use Carthamus Tinctorius (Safflower) Seed Oil. This is a protein that is found in the following hair goals: strengthen, fix split ends, hydrate, curl definition, shine, thermal protection, deep condition, color protection, and anti-frizz. The protein Hydrolyzed Ceratonia Siliqua Seed Extract can be found in our hair goal anti-aging. We also use Cetearamidoethyl Diethonium Hydrolyzed Rice Protein in all of our conditioners! 😊

You also mentioned wanting to know about our PH. Our PH balance is between 3.5-4.5.&&&Thank you all so much for your input - this has been so interesting!! I may give Olaplex No3 a go and I'm still experimenting shampoo/conditioner wise! Such a complicated journey 😅😅"
pilfernoodles,in8hhd,"when I last checked (over a year ago, so ymmv) only #3 is cgm"
poopjaculator,in8hhd,"I have olaplex but I haven't used it, so I can't comment on that, however, I have been using/ordering function of beauty for roughly 8 months-a year now and let me tell you... It ain't worth it. For one, there's a lack of ingredients list, and for 2 you're paying like $50 for 2 16oz bottles. Yeah it's cool that you can decide what properties you want in your products, and ooo stickers, but really? It always makes me feel like I'm SO close to the results I'm looking for but never quite getting there. So 🤷🏼‍♀️ if it's your schtik then go for it, but you can get better results at cheaper prices"
sagefairyy,in8hhd,Used olaplex 1 & 2 at the salon on my virgin hair. Made it completely stiff und dull.
selliottbrand,in8hhd,"I've been highlighting my hair since I was 12 (now 24) and absolutely love Olaplex #3! It makes my hair so soft and manageable (2b/c waves). I also love their #6 (bond smoother) and #7 (bonding oil). The products are definitely on the pricier side but I feel that since they work it's worth it!

As for Function of Beauty - I've tried the brand twice; the first time it started making my hair fall out. I'm used to the normal hair shedding but all of a sudden while using FoB I was losing way more than usual, and then when I stopped using the brand my hair shedding went back to normal. I then decided to give them another try when they offered a silicone free option. Since they're sulfate free I was glad they were now offering silicone free, and the same hair shedding issue arose where I was losing way more hair than usual (after doing some quick google searching I saw I wasn't the only one to complain about higher than usual. hair loss). While the shampoo and conditioner smelled amazing, I was not willing to compromise losing my hair for a good scent. While others may have had success with FoB, for the price (around $45 for shampoo and conditioner) I would recommended going with a brand that has their ingredients more prominently displayed."
BraveAndLionHeart,in5c4c,"Does This Qualify as Wavy? Where to Start?&&&&&&My routine is JUST ENOUGH head and shoulders- usually a dime size amount.

 I then use a massive amount of tressemme conditioner (boutanique with coconut milk and aloe vera)

 This picture is the day after using a mayo and coconut oil hair mask

I just don't know where to start with research on how to take care of it"
AyaGrnga,imz4xn,I like to mix it with BeCurly cream
Greatrisk,imz4xn,"Have any wavies used the Aveda Flaxseed Gel? It is SOOO liquidy...&&&I just got my bottle and it looks extremely thin and runny! Is this normal, and also, how much do you use for your length? Thanks so much!&&&Oh interesting- thanks for letting me know that it’s more than one of their products. A spray bottle is a great idea. I just used it for the first time - waiting to scrunch out the crunch - so we will see how it turns out!&&&Thank you for the tips! I have used it once and really liked the results. I haven’t tried refreshing with it yet, since I don’t usually do gel for refreshing, but I very well might, since you gave it a rave review for that purpose!"
chelliex2,imz4xn,"Their Confixor is really liquidy as well, which is the one I just got to use. I've been wanting to try their flaxseed one but they didn't have any when I was there. Interesting that they are BOTH so liquid! I'm actually considering putting it in a spray/squirt bottle and putting it in my hair that way. I have other things in spray bottles and I kinda like it."
poopjaculator,imz4xn,"I've been using it for a few weeks and I love the stuff, I've even put it in my refresh routine haha. You have to be careful with it, cause it does get crunchy if you use too much. I put it in after my other products on wash day and thoroughly wet my hands, using a pea size amount for each side. My hair is just past shoulder length and dense but fine, so I found it doesn't weigh my hair down. It does give my hair the ""wet look"" though, so I have to diffuse after letting it air dry for a while"
