index,id,comments
8598152,myojov,"how are you liking the mop top curl custurd? also your hair looks great! I also have similar length black, wavy hair :)"
noon4thecorgi,myojov,"It’s not even fully dry yet and i’m already in love&&&&&&Thank you!!

With regards to the curl custard: It's pretty good! A nice one and done styler, smells amazing (like orange soda), and it doesn't really give a cast. Lasts a couple days too with no refresh&&&Routine - washed with t-gel, applied olaplex no 3 brushed w denman and let it sit for 10 mins, then rinsed. Then added the generic Amazon brand moisture rich conditioner and brushed it thru w denman to create curl clumps, did squish to condish until it felt like my hands were abt to fall off and rinsed 80-90% of the conditioner out. Then scrunched in Moptop curl custard, adding water as necessary and plopped in a cotton t-shirt for 10-ish mins. Then diffused on low speed on cool/warm using a combo of Ayesha Malik’s method and hover diffusing until 80% dry, then letting air dry."
WeAreStarless,myno2h,"> is there actual confirmation of what 1b/1c means? some people use 1c to mean slightly wavy, but I thought it meant actual hair strand thickness

1b / 1c / 2a / 2b etc only refers to the shape of the wave / curl. there is no number + letter classification system for the thickness of individual hair strands"
maybelletea,myno2h,"Okay just to double check, I am most likely a 2a right? I saw someone on the curlygirl reddit post a pic w issues, and people were telling her she actually has 1b/1c hair- her hair in the pics can look kinda like mine, tho I guess mostly if I blow dry straight on + lose my waves&&&&&&Also wanted to ask- is there actual confirmation of what 1b/1c means? some people use 1c to mean slightly wavy, but I thought it meant actual hair strand thickness  


It's so confusing😂I'm like is my hair really actually wavy or isn't it? lol&&&Okey! I'm learning a lot about hair for the first time but the differentiation between straight and wavy can still confuse me a lil lol"
princess_puke,myno2h,"Looks like at least 2A to me. You can see the ""S shape"" of your waves."
whit_flinn,myno2h,It’s def at least 2a... 1b is like curled in at ends only it’s not an S pattern like wavies. 1c can appear wavy as well but yes it has to do with coarse vs fine hair as well.
WeAreStarless,myndht,"interesting, because her hair is [naturally much curlier than that](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m1qnqZDAJzE)!"
fstar1524,myndht,"Zendaya at the Oscars&&&Can we talk about Zendaya and her wavy hair at the Oscar's looking gorgeous in that yellow dress? I also hope I'm linking this right. But I love how she's letting her waves fly!

https://www.elle.com/culture/celebrities/amp36202507/zendaya-yellow-dress-oscars-2021/"
Silver-Attention-,mymkza,"Buns, hair clips, surgery caps, headbands.  Go cruise Pinterest for some good ideas and Etsy for creative clips/caps.  I’m personally fond of keeping my hair up and away from everything I may encounter.   There is just too much nastiness in hospitals and the public to have free, flowing hair anymore....just imho."
hiwhywhen,mymkza,"Professional looking hairstyles - how do you make your wavy/curly hair look professional?&&&I love my hair but I do have a hard time making it look professional, unless I use heating tools, but I don’t really want to do that anymore. My hair is great at delivering beach waves but in a professional setting, it just looks kind of messy to me. 

What are your best professional hair styles for wavy/curly hair? Any tips or tricks?&&&Good point&&&I do have glasses actually! Thanks for the tip"
neverseektotell,mymkza,Claw clip in the back to keep the top and sides out of your face.
pilfernoodles,mymkza,"My curls—as their natural curly selves—are just as legit as any straight-haired person’s hair. Therefore, I do my hair like normal, get dressed in my work-appropriate attire, and ta-da! I’m professional. 

The idea that curls are not ‘professional’ is 100% rooted in racism and the idea that curls, especially kinky curls, are ‘less than’. 

There’s absolutely nothing wrong with your curls and waves. You just need to retrain your eyes to see yourself with beauty instead of frustration."
smartcookie9,mymkza,"As dumb as it sounds, I feel like glasses help make waves look more professional bc it can keep my hair somewhat away from my eyes and out of my face. If you don’t need glasses maybe try blue light glasses"
w11f1ow3r,mymkza,"I find a half-up, half-down always makes me feel more put together. I can still show off my curls and length but the top part of my hair is tied back and not falling in my eyes. That or sometimes I bobby pin the top sides of my hair so it isn’t falling in my face and leave the rest down."
wickedwavy,mymkza,"I'm more interested in following this than anything else, but so far all I have managed is to use Bobby pins. I use one to twist my hair away from my face and pin it in place, so I don't have stray curls/waves hanging down my forehead. I will also try to pin down any misbehavers. I still don't think I look very professional though."
awesomegingergirl,myklsr,Two months progress! Still have work to do but I used to think the first pic was a good hair day.&&&&&&Routine: wash with Cake The Curl Girl shampoo. Condition with Garnier Fructis Nourishing Treat Conditioner. Use Cake The Whip Smart as a leave-in conditioner. Scrunch and plop then scrunch in Herbal Essences Totally Twisted Mousse. Diffuse until around 20-30% dry then finish by air drying.
kansas_hooper,myji8w,"Just dropping in to say i just got a Zazzy Band and I’m IN LOVE!&&&&&&I think the biggest draw for me was they fit like sunglasses. I frequently wear my glasses at work (I teach early childhood) to keep my hair out of my face but I’ve always felt it looks a bit unprofessional. I think the advantage of the shape was it dosent create pressure headaches like traditional rounded headbands. I wore it for a few hours today while running errands and I hardly felt it at all.&&&Thanks so much!&&&Routine for my 2a/b high porosity hair

Shampoo: Bumble and Bumble Moisture Curl (which I’ll be switching from once this bottles empty) 

Conditioner: Shea Moisture Curl and Shine 

Leave-In: Kinky Curly Knot Today 

Foam: CurlSmith Bouncy Strength Volume Foam

Mousse: NYM Curl Talk

I used the bowl method today after starting with an Olaplex 3 treatment. Squished leave in and foam over the bowl. Dipped my hair I think 3-4 times each step. Micro plopped then glazed and scrunched in the mousse. Hover diffused upside down and this is post SOTC!"
ocpms1,myji8w,I have 2.  I do like them but odd when I need reading glasses.  Ear area conflict.
pilfernoodles,myji8w,"after years of using old sunglasses as headbands, I heartily agree that zazzy bands are awesome!"
snarktini,myji8w,What makes zazzy bands awesome? I've seen them but don't intuitively get what their superpower is or what the purpose of the square shape is.
your_anemia,myji8w,Omgg i love your haair!!
freckledatheart,myj8qh,"Wavy in the back, straight in the front?!&&&&&&That's not a bad idea, but my hair is hip length and I'm growing it back out to tailbone so layers aren't an option for me. Did you style it any differently to achieve more wave?&&&Thanks! This is really helpful. I just think it's wild that my hair holds wave in the back but not the front. My hair in the back is probably just as long as my front pieces because I grew out a layered cut. I will try using a gel instead of mousse.&&&Okay so my hair is naturally wavy, but the hair in the ""front,"" basically my crown, is much straighter. I'm trying to convince more waves to form in the front. My wash routine is: shampoo roots with OGX coconut milk shampoo, condition with OGX coconut miracle oil conditioner, let sit in hair for 3-5 mins. Rinse out conditioner and apply leave in or curl cream (depending on day) to wet hair. Plop in a t shirt for 10-15 minutes. Apply mousse to damp hair and scrunch gently. I find that my hair gets frizzy if I scrunch my hair too quickly. Let air dry. The pics are of air dried hair with It's a 10 leave in spray and shea moisture curl mousse. What can I do to encourage more wave in the front of my hair?"
hubiwoobie,myj8qh,"I have tailbone length hair too. It is true that length stretches out the wave pattern (my bangs and roots are more like 2b/c compared to the length and it’s certainly a *look* sometimes) but you just need to adjust your routine, not cut it all off. I understand the fear of layers, but I think though that face-framing ‘layers’ would help with the wave in the front. Face-framing layers are really more like an exaggerated U-cut, and you can tell the hairstylist you don’t want layers through the body of the hair. Of course, if you want a blunt straight cut, keep it and it’s not the end of the world! I also find higher hold products helpful in preserving my wave pattern despite the length. The Shea moisture foam might not be high enough hold for you."
jell0fiend,myj8qh,This is basically what my hair did except mine is ringlets in the back and wavy in the front.  I got some face framing layers and they curled a lot more
nolagem,myj8qh,"You’re hair is so long that it’s weighing down the waviness. Cut it shorter if you want that look. You’d look great in a cut right at breast level. Your hair would look really healthy, too."
Anonymous200002939,myi9b6,"How can I maintain my wavy hair without it looking all messy and prevent it from looking dull? My hair will be dry-looking, dull, straight on some days, and other days it will be a knotty, clumpy mess with wavy hair. (Hair routine is in the comments)&&&&&&Hair routine

I use V05 clarifying shampoo and V05 conditioner both silicone-free. I reset wash once a week, and I co-wash 2-3 times a week or less. When I co-wash I drench my hair in the water. Then I apply the conditioner and I massage it gently all over my scalp. I leave the conditioner for 5 minutes while I untangle my hair with a wide-tooth comb. I rinse it off with cold water while massaging my scalp. I do these steps with my head down. When I reset wash I just shampoo my hair and that's it."
jessacomposed,myi9b6,"You need conditioner after a reset wash--ideally a thicker one than the V05. I would also recommend you reset less often if possible. If cowashing makes your hair so built up that you need to reset weekly, perhaps try a sulfate free shampoo (followed by conditioner) instead.

In general, I would recommend more moisturizing conditioner for dryness. Leave-in conditioners will also help with moisture, and gel will help with shape and frizz."
Ima_Jenn,myi8ph,"I agree with below poster. A little something so the great look lasts.

Order is 
Leave-in if you use it
Cream
Styler

A lot if people find that they need some gel under mousse
Gel usually provided definition and Mousse is softness and volume

There are do many ways🤯
Gel
Mousse
Mousse Gel Mousse
Gel mousse gel.

Gel can be but on wet before you use a
""Towel"" or when damp or both

Mousse is meant to be applied damp but some people apply it wet... then gel and then damp

I think you would like following 
Real life curly girl

She has waves and just cut her hair short. She is in school to be a stylist.

Really it is a bit of playing around to find what works

The app Quinn is great. It's a photo and product and Techniques journal app.

You can keep your journal private or public and can search for people with similar hair, see what they are doing and how it turns out.

Since it sounds like you are newer here is a post I made about starting to wear your hair textured again.

New to CG & working with textured hair? What I wish I had known/ done in the beginning

https://www.reddit.com/r/Wavyhair/comments/m8xwjm/new_to_styling_waves_this_is_a_lot_of_things_i/?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share"
Mirrranda,myi8ph,I think it looks great! You have some super pretty waves. I also really like the color on you.
Perspex_Sea,myi8ph,The only thing I'd do is maybe flip it over and wiggle your fingers along your scalp and lift from the scalp to break it up a \*tiny\* bit.
SnufflingGlue,myi8ph,My feedback and advice is this: EMBRACE it! You look cute! It suits you. Hair with any texture won’t ever be “perfect”. Have fun with it.
a_diddle,myi8ph,"You look great! I love your hair color- it’s so fun and adorable! 

Your routine seems to be working for you so I’d stick with it. It doesn’t look like you have any hold products though so maybe try a mousse or gel if you’re finding your waves dont stay throughout the day. I personally love NYM curl talk gel and Marc Anthony Curl Mousse (I’m obsessed with that mousse. Makes my hair super soft with a strong hold)"
innerlight42,myi8ph,Your waves look great! Very cute.
mellifluous_bastard,myi8ph,"Feedback welcome on my first attempt in several years&&&&&&It's a really big step for me to post a picture of myself on here (I even created a new Reddit account for it), so please be kind.

My hair has really been through the ringer. I've had it down to my waist, and I've had buzz cuts, and everything in between. I have started and stopped trying to bring out the wave in my hair multiple times because I get really discouraged and tend to think I look ugly and stop caring for my hair properly. This is also why I don't have any before pics: I don't like to take pictures of myself because I always hate them.

This is my hair after a bleach and magenta application four months ago. I am growing out an undercut on my right side so it looks a little funky. I also went and got an impulsive hack job on my hair in February at a cheap salon which is why it's so short now.

I feel ok about how my hair turned out, but I wish it was more symmetrical. I also don't like how much scalp is showing in the front. Is that normal? Does that mean I am losing hair up front? It's easier to hide when I brush it out vs letting my hair clump. (I have a history of alopecia and I'm always afraid it will come back with a vengeance).

Routine:

1. Washed twice in my sink with Tresemme Cleanse and Replenish shampoo.

2. Applied a generous amount of Garnier damage repairing treat mask (the papaya one) to wet hair.

3. Put on a shower cap and sat in the Georgia sun for about 40 minutes or so.

4. Showered, squished to condish, did not brush my hair because I forgot to take my Denman brush out of my purse. Dried using a t-shirt to scrunch.

5. Spritzed a small amount of Not Your Mother's 10-in-1 hair perfector.

6. Scrunched in 1 pump of Eva NYC Gotta Bounce curl cream.

7. Let airdry for several hours, then scrunched out the crunch with a mixture of Moroccanoil and Curls passion fruit paste.

Et voila!&&&Thank you! I like the pink too, but it is really stressful to maintain lol. I'm meeting with a colorist today to see how I can transition back to brown.&&&Thank you! I'm hoping it's only up from here.&&&Thank you for the encouragement :)&&&Thank you! I also do occasional Olaplex treatments since it's been bleached, so I'm glad to hear it looks healthy. It also was surprisingly soft! I used to put a bunch of heavy products in my hair and it always came out crunchy, so this is a nice change.&&&Thank you so much for this. I get caught up in perfectionism so often, it's nice to have a reminder that this is supposed to be fun. Waves look even better when they're imperfect, I think!&&&Good idea! I do have some OGX curl enhancing mousse but I was a little worried about overloading my hair. I wasn't even thinking about hold lol! Do you apply mousse before or after other stylers (e.g. curl cream)?&&&Thank you!&&&Believe it or not, I did do this, but I think the pink makes it look a little more clingy than it is lol"
millygraceandfee,myi8ph,I think you've got the start of some great waves.  I'd stick with it.
roundy_yums,myi8ph,Your hair looks great! It looks soft and healthy. Beautiful!
sjg09,myi8ph,"Your hair looks pretty, and your waves are very cute! I'd stick with it for sure if this is your first attempt!"
yourmomsfavorite_,myi8ph,Super cute
Espy-Rose,myh234,Your hair looks great!! What do you use on refresh days in between?
Grateful_Breadd,myh234,This is so similar to my hair! Waves but has some bouncy curls thrown in.
IamRick_Deckard,myh234,"That's straight-up curly, girl."
NoelleDash,myh234,Great work sister!
Thalelchen,myh234,"I did not think I would have 2c (I think?) waves within three months! Seeing all the progress pics here motivated me on bad hair days, so here am I before and after starting the chm&&&&&&Thank you!! I am so happy with it at the moment!!!

I mean, to be honest, I knew that I had a bit wavy hair (but never know HOW wavy) but with daily brushing, rarely scrunching and no products for hold it looked pretty straight and mostly  frizzy 

I wish you the best for your hair journey!&&&Wavy-sister!&&&Oh thats possible!
There are always some stubborn parts!&&&Crazy I never thought this would happen!&&&I wash every three to four days (using a Sauberkunst shampoo bar every second wash). Before the wash I use fructis Hair food Aloe or Papaya as a hydrating treatment (later also a tiny bit as leave in). As a conditioner I use Isana liebt die Erde.
After washing I use the mousse gel mousse method (pantene curl mousse, Taft ultimativ gel) und diffuse till 80% dry. Crunch out the crunsh and ready!                           Diffusing made such a big difference for me!

On no wash days I wet my hair with water and conditioner, apply flax seed gel and diffuse until almost dry. I also add a little mousse if I feel like it.

I have medium hair density and medium thickness (I think?), low porosity, never colored, pretty protein intolerant.

Edit: obviously I scrunch my hair up when its wet to activate my waves, Sometimes I also use a Denman brush to twist my waves (however I do not like the result as much on the wash days, still great results for the next days)&&&Thank you! 
I wrote what I do in my routine, if you are curious :)&&&
Its crazy, my hair only startend to get some structure around puberty!&&&Thank you!&&&Thank you! I wish you great results and patience!

I really thought something around 2b would be the max for my hair&&&I might to that later!&&&Now that you're saying that... You could be right!: D"
WeAreStarless,myh234,"To the person who reported this post, saying ""This content is impersonation""... huh? What?"
itsalwayssunnyonline,myh234,omg the fourth pic gives like 1800s painting vibes im obsesseddd
maybelletea,myh234,I think these are 3A curls (styled) at this point lol!! looks pretty
princess_puke,myh234,"Looks like a mix of 2C-3A to me :) I'm between 2C and 3A, some of my hair forms ringlets and other parts have strong S- waves. Yours might be similar."
sufferingartist2000,myh234,Great progress!
the_lady_jane,myh234,ok I'm sorry WHAT?!? WHAT hhahaha man that is a 360!!! I hope my hair decides to do something similar ;)
thewolfblooms,myh234,Your hair is so gorgeous! I just started my journey from thinking I had straight hair and I’m honestly hoping my hair will turn out something like yours.
thrawayb,myh234,i’d really love to see progress pics throughout the months. that’s such a lovely end result
babygiraffes,myfl24,"Seconded! My stylist has wavy/curly hair herself and cuts mine wet with a razor. To be fair, I think she is really talented and would also do a great job with scissors if she wanted to, but she says the razor lets her carve shapes better? Idk. OP, I think your best bet is looking at a stylist's Instagram to see if they've cut hair similar to yours. It definitely takes longer that way, but it's worth it. I actually found mine when someone posted about her in r/curlyhair. I've had Deva cuts, and they were good, but they're expensive and I like my current stylist better."
caupcaupcaup,myfl24,I’ve had better luck asking for someone who can cut with a razor and getting a dry cut. That way they can see how my hair curls and the razor gives me better waves than scissors do.
hot_nacho_cheese_99,myfl24,"I went for a curly cut. Same thing as you, I was worried they would laugh. They didn't! And I learned a ton about styling. My stylist said that she was seeing an increase in people who didn't know they had curly hair. For me  the cut made all the difference and the price wasn't really much different. I strongly encourage it"
jessacomposed,myfl24,"I will say, I go to a regular stylist and just tell her I can leave with wet hair and don't need it dried! Last time it made her feel better to French braid it so she still felt like she was styling it, haha. So perhaps suggest a heatless style they can do on wet hair or after only a little diffusing, or just say you don't want it dried."
porcinimu5hroom,myfl24,"Curly cuts?&&&I am in dire need of a trim and a haircut. But I’ve been so good about not using heat, defining my waves, etc, I’m nervous to go to a salon and have them blow me out like every other time. I’m interested in getting a curly cut, but I feel like I’ll be laughed out of the place with my 2A/B hair. Is it worth going to a curly hair specialist? Or is there something I should tell my conventional stylist? Any and all advice is appreciated!"
snarktini,myfl24,"Go ahead and get a curly cut if you want! What holds me back isn't being laughed it, but the expense since I'm not sure how helpful it will be.

But you can also talk to your existing stylist. Consider doing it in advance instead of in the chair...it's hard to hold your ground once you're already in a cape! Call, tell them the situation, and ask what they can do. Do they have non-silicone products they can use? If not, can you bring your own products? Can they diffuse dry or do something else that's low/no heat? I don't go to a curly specialist but her salon has products that are curl friendly (used to be Deva, now Oribe) and she is good to my waves. She's definitely not an expert but she cares and tries! She about half-diffuses because it would take too long to do all of it within a standard appointment time. (I'm not all heat-free. I diffuse.) 

All that said, ""Do not dry / straighten my hair"" is a very simple request and there is no reason they can't honor that. Period."
hermitjoon,myfipu,"my hair’s pretty similar - i also somewhat gave up on the CGM for similar reasons, most of my products end up being CGM but more so out of coincidence than because i was specifically looking for them.

i need to clarify with sulfates pretty frequently. i’ve never done a true ACV rinse, but i regularly clarify with live clean’s ACV clarifying shampoo which i find really does the trick and also gives my hair great shine. i’m starting to think that for a lot of fine low porosity wavies (sans protein sensitivity obviously) normal rinse out conditioner is just our equivalent of a DC - we can go without a lot of the time and have better hair overall. recently i’ve been infrequently going and using my curls blueberry bliss reparative leave in as a conditioner, and my hair loves it, presumably because it’s got a fair amount of protein in it. i took like 8 months just trying to figure out what works and what doesn’t for me. i also had a lot of times where it would come out like garbage and i’d have to either rinse and dry “straight” or just completely redo my wash day. i’m still washing every other day, half because i’m not quite ready to add refreshing in my experiments and also because i’m trying to experiment with styling techniques. it’s gonna suck, but once you figure out a general idea of what your hair likes and dislikes it gets a lot better. 

also just some general advice - learning to read ingredients list is such a good tool. i brushed it off at first assuming it was secondary, but i ended up learning while trying to figure out why my hair was always so waxy but somehow also dry and brittle and omg it’s so helpful when looking at products. i can’t stress enough how much it’s helped me.

TL;DR low porosity hair is confusing and difficult and you’re gonna have a lot of really really bad wash days and have to redo them 60574738229 times and it might take a whileee but when you finally get what makes your hair go all waxy, sticky and brittle everything starts clicking into place."
jessacomposed,myfipu,"When I've looked at conditioner bars, it seems like they are almost entirely heavy emollients such as shea butter, due to the nature of which ingredients can come in solid form. This would not work for my low porosity hair. I would recommend you try either the Love Beauty and Planet or Eva NYC conditioners that come in aluminum bottles.&&&Also--the Love Beauty and Planet shampoo is not really a clarifying shampoo. I would recommend just biting the bullet and buying a big bottle of a cheap Suave shampoo with sulfates if you need a cheap option, or look for a shampoo with C14-16 olefin sulfonate or sulfates that comes in aluminum online."
mencryforme5,myfipu,"Low Porosity Conditioner Struggle&&&First off, I'm not CG because honestly it's just not designed for low porosity hair. At present, I'm more in the intersection of using environmentally friendly products which tend to be CG-ish. For instance, currently low-pooing with no silicones.

My hair doesn't really get greasy much, I do not use hair products currently due to COVID, but I'm still struggling with product buildup. Conditioner. I just can't find a conditioner that works. 

My hair is very dense, and very fine, about 2B. It gets tangled easily, but conditioner causes buildup which makes it more tangled. So it's a vicious cycle. 

E.g. today my hair was flat, looked greasy and was sticky to the touch. Finger detangling caused a decent sized ball of hair to fall out at the root. So I decided to do a full clarify. 

First I used BKind conditioner bar on the ends, then BKind shampoo bar on the roots + ends (if I don't shampoo my ends regularly it makes things so much worse). Leave on for 3 minutes. Rinse out. Detangle lose another ball of hair. Sticky hair, as I've become accustomed to (hair never feels clean anymore). ACV Rinse, instant flash dry, rinse out, still sticky and intensely frizzy (this not normally happen, normally ACV rinses are fantastic and I can skip conditioner, but my hair is getting longer and I think I have more and more conditioner buildup). Ragingly pull out Love Beauty Planet Ylang Ylang shampoo, and my hair finally suds. Hasn't sudsed in month. Rinse out, so so so much softer, hand glides through hair, don't add conditioner and just pray to the hair gods.

I'm just at such a loss. I know I need conditioner but I'm tired of feeling it whenever I touch my hair. My hair looks good for exactly 24hrs and then it makes my hair, limp, flat, straight, and sticky which just causes more tangles. I just feel like it's at the point where clarifying isn't working, I have to triple shampoo like every couple of months to experience the joy of non-sticky hair for like 2 days.

My hair is very, very low porosity. I can get a rock hard cast from conditioner. I'm prepared to move away from environmentally friendly products if anyone has a recommendation for a good conditioner that doesn't buildup on hair, rinses out fully, and otherwise is just low porosity friendly.

This isn't an issue with how my hair looks, I think most people think it looks pretty good because I do get a decent 24hrs out of it. My issue is how it feels and the fact that it's only shoulder length at the moment and I just want to cut it all off so bad, it's just so much work just to freaking shampoo it.&&&Yes, I have suspected this. I think I'll use it as a body bar from now on. The concept seemed good and I thought it would be great for traveling, but it does seem like I really can't wash out."
naturallady80,myfipu,"Hello, low po wavy here. Haven’t completely figured things out but I have learned some ingredients that work for me. Products with water derivatives of proteins with smaller amino acids are wonderful for me: coconut water, rice water. 
NYM Coconut Water & Blue Sea Kale line (shampoo + conditioner) has done things for my hair that struggling teenage me only could have dreamed of. This line is 99% natural and has 1 sulfate which isn’t a bad kind. Bottles seem recyclable. 

Ecoslay rice water Rice Pudding leave-in conditioner has also been phenomenal. Its made in the owner’s kitchen. They run promos where you can mail back the containers and the company recycles them. Plus Ecoslay is black woman owned so theres a lot to love them for. 
Hope this helps - good luck!"
Adabellaaberline,mye4w1,"Ouai Detox Shampoo&&&Has anyone given this shampoo a try? 

I am looking for a good clarifying shampoo and was also looking into adding an ACV rinse into my routine and this checked both of those boxes. 

Is it worth the price tag or is there something more economical you would recommend over this for clarifying and ACV?

Would I need to follow this up with a moisturizing mask or would a regular moisturizing conditioner be alright?

Thanks friends!&&&My current routine (changes slightly with each wash, I'm just starting this journey and experimenting a lot):

-Wash with Shea Moisture Daily Moisture Shampoo 
-Condition with Shea Moisture Curl & Shine Conditioner, detangle and STC. Continue to squish as I rinse until 95% of conditioner is gone.
-rake and scrunch in milk_shake whipped cream leave in, then milk_shake incredible milk, then Shea Moisture Curl Smoothie. Once all of those are layered in I brush through with Denman to make sure everything is well distributed and then plop into a microfibre turbie. 
-after 30min-ish I take it out of the turbie, scrunch in Herbal Essences Totally Twisted mousse and then either pixie diffuse or air dry depending on how much time I have (my hair takes hours to dry fully)
-SOTC with ogx kukui oil blend"
JovialTomato,mye3o2,I have to flat iron my bangs to get them to look right
itsalrightifyoudont,mye3o2,I have a thick cotton headband that I wear to flatten mine. I wear it for about 15 minutes before leaving. Sometimes it helps to apply product first (like a molding puddy) and/or hit it with a little heat from the hair dryer to help set.
rebeccamett,mye3o2,"HELP!! I wanted wispy bangs but I ended up with Peggy Olson look instead??? I have 2B/2C hair, if I pin it with Bobby pins it just looks flat and weird&&&&&&Ive tried but even when flat ironed they tend to separate in like 1 third to the right and 2 thirds to the left. I think when I cut them I did a funny parting. Lol&&&Thank you I’ll give that a go!! Do you have any suggestions for products? x"
AlrightyThen82,mydpcr,"Low-effort routine?&&&Hi everyone, I live with depression and have a busy work schedule on top of that. I’d love to nourish my wavy hair (I think it’s 2A) but don’t have the time/energy to have a complicated routine beyond what I can do in the shower. Can anyone recommend a shampoo and conditioner that will help my waves? I usually just air-dry by whipping my hair around, and my hair gets oily if I don’t shower every day. I’m also prone to frizz. 

Thanks so much!&&&Thank you!! I will give those a try and see if the mousse is something I could incorporate.&&&Thanks so much, I will give those a try!"
Silver-Attention-,mydpcr,"I really liked the Ouidad products made for loose waves but I’ve only been using them for a week so far.

https://www.ouidad.com/loose-curls"
itsalwayssunnyonline,mydpcr,"I have 2a and I use Aussie miracle curls shampoo and conditioner, detangle in the shower, and then after I get out I use aussie’s sprunch mousse/leave in conditioner. The shampoo and conditioner are good if that’s all you’re up to, but if you are looking for products, the mousse/leave in is nice because it’s two products in one, and it’s meant for air drying so you don’t have to diffuse. What’s also nice is that Aussie products are very cheap (I think they’re each below $5). I wish you luck with your hair care journey and your mental health!!

Edit: I missed the part where you said you wash your hair every day. I’ll add that I only wash mine about every 5 days, so that might change your experience. The shampoo is quite cleansing though, which could help if you have oily hair."
whatififififif,mydpcr,"What shampoo and conditioner will work best depends on your hair - some wavies have great luck with one product when that product doesn't work at all for others. 

For shampoo I occasionally use Suave Daily Clarifying to clarify, and the rest of the time use some Hask Cactus Water shampoo. Dunno if I like the Hask. I've heard good things about Kinky Curly Come Clean.

For conditioner, you could try the pink Not Your Mother's Naturals. For a deep conditioner (which I use instead of regular conditioner about once a week), I like the SheaMoisture Manuka Honey and Yogurt mask."
Mj0133,mydhpw,Yes!! My top layer is like this even with gel and different styling methods. Still haven’t cracked that code yet
Silver-Attention-,mydhpw,"Rinse hair with cold water in the shower, with head upside down apply a small quarter size dollop of gel and comb then scrunch it into the hair.  Plop hair into a non frizzing towel like Aquis, do not use bath towels, it just causes frizz.  Start out with a light hold gel and go from there."
fujiwara-reiko,mydhpw,"Anyone else get these frizzy curls on the outer layer of their hair? I'm not sure what to do about them&&&&&&Thank you for the advice! I'll definitely try gel when I can get my hands on some! As for the protein, I've used some conditioners with protein and didn't really notice a difference, maybe it'd be different if I used a leave-in with proteins instead? 🤔 I've also read that low porosity and low elasticity hair doesn't need much protein, but again, maybe I should try it in something other than conditioner.&&&I'll let you know if I find a fix! 😭&&&Routine is to shampoo with Herbal Essence Aloe Shampoo, condition with LBP Coconut Water Conditioner, detangle with a wide-toothed comb and rinse out conditioner. Get out of the shower, put in Garnier Fructis Aloe Leave-in Conditioner and scrunch it in, then scrunch in either Balea Curl Cream or Kerastase Botanical Curl Cream. After that, all I do is air dry and scrunch out the crunch when my hair's dry. These frizzies already show up as soon as my hair starts dryjng even slightly, and I'm not sure what to do about them. Maybe my hair is really dry? It's low porosity/elasticity, thin and low density. I don't use that many proteins cause I don't think I need them as my hair isn't very damaged and it's never been dyed. Any advice is appreciated!"
jessacomposed,mydhpw,"Gel helps me with these--this is the exact symptom I get if I use a curl cream since it doesn't have enough hold.

I will say, my hair isn't damaged (I don't even blow dry) and is low porosity, but still loves protein because it's fine. I avoided protein for a long time because my hair had characteristics of dryness, but when I added it in as a last-ditch effort, boom, moisturized hair. Protein really helps my hair retain moisture. So, could be worth playing with!"
Cheshire17,mydcy5,"Finally got a result I’m fairly happy with! I just started the process of defining my wavy hair. The first several attempts have resulted in damaged, frizzy looking hair, but today I finally got waves that I like.&&&&&&Routine - Washed with Cantu's Shea Butter for Natural Hair Shampoo, used  Cantu's Shea Butter for Natural Hair conditioner, did a 15 minute hair treatment using a 50/50 blend of Not Your Mother's Green Tea & Wild Apple Blossom butter masque and Shea Moisture  Manuka Honey & Yogurt Hydrate + Repair Protein Power Treatment, squished to condish, plopped using a microfiber towel for 20 minutes, then added Not Your Mother's Curl Talk defining cream, added Not Your Mother's curl talk gel with praying hands, then defused my hair part way."
Cheshire17,mya6td,"I have found that if I add my gel, curl cream after plopping it turns out so much better. My hair needs all the help it can to hold the waves"
jessacomposed,mya6td,Have you tried washing at night and plopping overnight? That works well for me (especially if I rinse and style upside down to make sure the roots don't stick to my head).
jimmiejammy,mya6td,"Frustrated over hair outcomes - rant/troubleshooting&&&This is kinda troubleshooting/kinda a rant. 

I feel like my hair has made a good amount of progress with definition, but it's just not turning out how I expect it to lately and I feel like I'm wasting my time.

For example, today is a wash day for me, but I'm also wanting to go to school to work on a project. I woke up early to make sure I had time to do my hair, which takes a while, and to leave at a decent time.

Anyway, I went through my whole process; upside down, mousse, gel, plop, and everything was looking great. I had good definition, good clumps and I was excited to see the outcome. That's when I began to diffuse. 

I did hover diffusing around the roots and mid lengths just to make sure I didn't break anything up. I waited until I felt a bit of a cast, and began to pixie diffuse my hair, which usually works out pretty well for me. I wasn't being rough or moving my hair around a lot, but my end result was super big loose waves/mostly straight, flat roots. It looks nothing like how it did when it was wet. 

So now I just feel like I wasted a couple hours of my morning that could've been spent on my project, and I have very lackluster results that I'm not super happy with. 

So this is mostly a rant, but if anyone might know why this happened or have a better diffusing method, I'd love to know!&&&I normally do skip straight to pixie diffusing too, just to make sure my hair doesn't stretch out as I'm waiting for my roots to dry (if that makes sense). I find that I have to pixie all the way until the end as air drying never really works out for me. I guess this time I did it the other way thinking it would help everything stay together better, but that was probably my issue. Thank you!&&&I've played around with the order I put my products in. It can get so confusing! I'm wavy, so I would assume damp styling would be better, but I get better clumps if I have wetter hair. For some reason, if I style damp I get more stringy results, but at the same time, if I leave my hair too wet too long, I get barely any wave. 
I usually squeeze out most of the water as I'm applying mousse, but the gel I'm currently using seems to like water, so I'll put that in right after. Then microplop to get a lot of the water out, then plop, and microplop again for a bit when I take my hair down. 
I honestly don't know if plopping is even helping me since it doesn't seem to get much of the water out, but I still do it in case it's helping to 'set' my hair a bit. I'm still playing around with my routines to get the best hold and definition, so I switch it up every once in a while, but when I find something that seems like it's working, I try to keep it in.&&&I honestly can't remember if I've tried that yet. I know I've heard of it, but I think I'm too afraid to try it. I've noticed the longer I plop, the worse my hair looks. I think 30min is my maximum plopping limit. Plus I know I move a lot in my sleep, but I'd be willing to try that out soon since the semester is almost over!"
pjj165,mya6td,"Idk if this would be helpful, but I actually diffuse in the opposite order as you described. I start with pixie diffusing while it’s still the most wet, and only do that to like 50% dry. Then I either air dry the rest of the way, or hover diffuse if I need to. That way I’m not manipulating it as much as it gets drier."
Ima_Jenn,my70hg,"I just posted upstream on this. You need gel under your mousse and probably more product.

Don't leave the conditioner on your ends for so long more than once a week or you will get a moisture protein imbalance and you will start to lose your waves.

Idk if you are uk too but
Noughty and Pantene mousse are in the UK and you  actually get a lot of US stuff there. There are several websites that sell them just search product name and UK. Like Jessicurl UK or She's UK totally twisted UK.   Some is at Swainsburry and Boots but some is Amazon and CG sites.

I have a friend over there and I got her started using the noughty line and Pantene #5 mousse.
I'm not sure if Noughty's curl cream is CG.

I my new to document I have sights listed where you can check Products to see if they are CG. 


Here is a link to the info. 

https://www.reddit.com/r/Wavyhair/comments/my70hg/straight_to_wavy_because_of_a_hair_cut/gvvo5d4?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share&context=3&&&Do you have fine hair? Mine was like that. I  got perms in middle and HS. It took until I was 45 to realize I have 2bc3a hair.

The key is that you need product in it to get them to stay. You also probably can't airdry and need to diffuse.  I also recommend that you don't style it soaking.  

The water weight is flattening your waves.

 Put in a little leave in and some gel when it is very wet in the shower. I use a Shrunchit brush to style mine (I have shoulder length hair when I stretch it.. but Denman works too)
This is how Denman website says to use their brush, and I think it works best in all hair, but especially wavy..

https://youtu.be/UgAuEuzl1iE

Anyway because I style with a brush I don't plop. I just turbN twist my hair while I go put in clothes.

If you don't brush style, you can plop. If plopping makes your hair weird, then microplop (scrunch with the  with the microfiber towel or t-shirt.)

Your hair should be damp wet. Put in more gel of try a mousse. Try each in seperate days and different amounts.

Diffuse it until it is dry, or mostly dry and then air dry. Your hair should have a crispy set look. You scrunch that out and you have soft wave that stay and have support. If you sleep tight they last several Days.

I put something together for people new to styling Textured hair. It goes over all the terms I used too

New to CG & working with textured hair? What I wish I had known/ done in the beginning

https://www.reddit.com/r/Wavyhair/comments/m8xwjm/new_to_styling_waves_this_is_a_lot_of_things_i/?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share"
Silver-Attention-,my70hg,"I love all the new products Ouidad has for hair with loose waves.  Mine is similar, very fine yet very thick.

https://www.ouidad.com/loose-curls

Aquis towels or an old t shirt is what you want to dry with, towels do nothing but give hair frizz."
gratzizi,my70hg,What did you ask your hairstylist for/did she describe what she was doing? I would love a cut like this.
itsalwayssunnyonline,my70hg,wowww that transformation!!! it’s amazing what a haircut can do
jbreez7,my70hg,"I’m a complete newbie too, but have read that towels are the devil for wavy hair. Look up plopping on YouTube&&&Omg I’m hoping this is what my hair does after I get it cut soon. I haven’t had a cut since pre-Covid and my hair dries so flat, but has a ton of wave while it’s wet"
mtlsv,my70hg,Very nice
spruce767,my70hg,"Straight to wavy because of a hair cut&&&&&&My routine is loreal elvive conditiober and shampoo. I only out shampoo on my roots and leave a liberal amount of conditioner in my ends for as long as I can in the shower (normally about 10 minutes). Then I wrap my hair in a towel to remove any drips and use hair mouse - I think it's Sainsbury's own brand. I spilt my hair in half and apply it the bottom then to the top, my hair is normally still pretty damp, and then I let it air dry.

I wondering how to get more definition, especially at the back of my head, and how to keep my waves the days after its been washed.

Any product or routine recommendations are welcome, I'm a complete newbie!&&&I had that problem, whilst wet it would be really curly underneath and have some waves on top, but just dry frizzy. I've had it short for a while and had no change with the texture, but I think it's the layers that have really made the difference.&&&That's great thank you so much, I will definitely check that out&&&I asked for a long bob, with long layers, and rounded at the base. The longest layers sit just below my shoulders and the shortest layers are near my jawline. And I have a long curtain fringe xx&&&It's honestly amazing!"
MaiziexH,my5xxe,"General help with routine. Protien overload? Stringy hair? Gel cast not forming properly?&&&General help with routine. Protien overload? Stringy hair? Gel cast not forming properly?

My hair always snaps immediately but I dont use anything that has protien so I'm really confused. :(

Routine:

Shea & argan oil faith in nature shampoo bar

Shea & argan oil faith in nature conditioner or hair mask

Bit of olive oil and conditioner on soaking wet hair (havent been doing this consitently because I saw that it makes the gel less effective, can anyone confirm this??)

LA Gel on soaking wet hair.

Soak up excess with tshirt

Diffuse

SOTC

I also find that despite putting loads of gel in my hair only some parts form a cast and that the places where it does form tend to be a bit stringy. 

Hair has been looking pretty good apart from being a bit stringy and frizzy. Big curl clups dont really form, my clumps are probably 2-3 mm wide. I have type 2 hair.&&&Thanks for the reply. Yeah I was using argan oil before but ran out so I'll try using that instead again.
Yup I realized the shea was probably too heavy after I ordered so I'll try the blueberry one because I haven't had any issues with faith in nature so far (seems like the issue was due to my choice rather then the product)
Ah ok. I thought that hair that snaps immediately was protein overload. I'll try some more protein and see if that helps.
Yup I do leave it in place for a while when diffusing so hopefully I'm doing that right. 
Thanks again for your reply!&&&Ok thank you. Would a home treatment mask be ok to test if it's a lack of protein?"
hubiwoobie,my5xxe,"Couple things stand out to me.

First, you are right the olive oil is probably messing up the gel cast. Olive oil is also a pretty heavy oil and you are leaving it in the hair rather than washing it out, which absolutely will leave most hair types stringy. I would try using only a few drops to SOTC instead, or putting olive oil in your hair mask for a deep conditioning instead of you still want to use olive oil.

Two, your conditioners are pretty heavy. It might be worthwhile to try something out without heavy oils and butters instead. You can look for something a bit lighter weight, like the blueberry conditioner, if you still want to use Faith in Nature products.

Third, protein helps prevent breakage rather than cause it (unless you use way too much). Some protein will help support the structure of your waves and prevent further breakage. You can use smaller proteins like silk or keratin if you are worried about protein overload.

I have also noticed that diffusing can break up the gel cast. You might try holding your curls in the diffuser up to your head and leaving it there for 30 seconds or so before releasing, rather than releasing more quickly. If you hold it longer, you don’t have to go over sections again and again and thus risk breaking the gel cast."
jessacomposed,my5xxe,"I would second the suggestion to introduce protein--unless you're using a ton of protein, breakage indicates you need more protein."
islan13,my4yq3,"My POV during diffusing ( upside down).&&&&&&Shampoo- Aussie Colour Mate. 

Conditioner- Faith in Nature, Lavender & Geranium (raked in or smoothed).

Leave in- Garnier Ultimate Blends Hair Food, Papaya & Amla (raked in).

Curl Cream- Cantu Curl Activator Cream (raked in or scrunched).

On this particular wash day, I styled with finger rolling and brush twisting while wet. 

Mousse/Gel- Wella Shockwaves Mousse, Curls & Waves (scrunched in). Wella Shockwaves Gel, Ultra Strong Power Hold (scrunched in or roped).

Diffuse both upside down and right way up. 
I believe my hair to be high porosity but I am unsure about strand thickness or density."
Bla1793,my29tt,"Honestly it depends on my mood and how my ""defined"" waves look on that particular day. Most of the times I do prefer a defined look but I also love the variety and wavy hair and I just love the feeling of brushing it, not gonna lie. Especially now that it kind of turns out like a 40s brush out lol"
Wavyhaircare,my29tt,"I agree with the others, it depends on the degree of definition vs poof. 

[https://imgur.com/a/9CStvJU](https://imgur.com/a/9CStvJU)

The top pic here is what I'd call poof. The second pic is soft waves with less definition than usual, I don't think if it as fluffy or poofy though. I just think of it as softer waves. I'm fine with my hair in the second pic (though I'd probably try to slick down some frizz if I were leaving the house) but I don't like my hair in the first picture.

I don't like refreshing so I like to try to get good definition and hold on wash day so that I can just let my hair be on day 2 and day 3 and let it soften and lose some definition but not so much that I'm uncomfortable with how poofy it's gotten."
jo_bani,my29tt,"I feel similar, in that I don't feel a need for super definition and I'm okay with a softer wave look generally. But I can definitely tell the difference when my hair gets *too* fluffy, because it's so light that it can't hold any wave pattern at all, which I take as a sign of being over moisturized. It's a fine line!"
maybelletea,my29tt,"Anyone here prefer unstyled fluffy waves to more defined styled ones?&&&The defined look is really nice and I'm only just learning how to take care of my slightly wavy hair, but my end goal is to get more waves so I can (carefully) dry brush them and have more of that fluffy wave look that I can already achieve, but with more waves.
 
(And I hope my loose ""curl pattern"" will come back more and more since I will now stop blow drying my hair accidentally straight)

Maybe I'm lucky in that my fluff/poof is not unmanageable and I've never had a noticeable issue with frizz (maybe bc I've had oily skin/hair issues instead). Or maybe I just love fluffy hair 😂

I've just noticed people lament their hair sometimes in the fluff state, and I think it already looked nice unstyled. Both can be really beautiful!&&&Yesss 40s brush out is my dream haha&&&ooh okay makes sense!&&&I actually like your hair in the first pic! I guess I just prefer the less defined look in general, but both are nice!!  


Here's what my hair looks like poofy- as you can see, the degrees vary but I like the volume- tho the third pic was kinda taken to be like look, my hair looks kinda funny   
[https://imgur.com/vYKxqKA](https://imgur.com/vYKxqKA)

[https://imgur.com/erUBcqG](https://imgur.com/erUBcqG)

[https://imgur.com/T23zWTA](https://imgur.com/T23zWTA)"
thots_nprayers,my29tt,"I love when I can gently rake out my Day 3 hair with a pick and get these fluffy beachy waves 😍 tbh they’re my favorite but for some reason I can’t get them straight away on wash day; if I try to get them on wash day I just end up with a pile of frizz instead. They have to come naturally, so I just focus on enjoying my hair at whatever stage it is."
Holiday-Honeydew-690,my1znl,"Protective style help!!&&&I have 2a/2b hair and am just starting my journey. The problem is I am a baker and need to keep my hair ""contained"" and pinned back/ up. I was previously alternating between braids and top knots, but I was wondering if anyone else has different ideas??&&&Those are both great ideas, I'll give them a try. I definitely find the braids disrupt my curl pattern and straighten my hair out, which sucks for summer because I'm not used to having my hair on my neck."
jessacomposed,my1znl,"On days you want to maintain your curl pattern, you might ponytail it with an Invisibobble and then scoop and tie the ponytail up in a silk scarf to create a bun shape and cover the hair in a sort of ""plopped"" shape. I couldn't pull my hair into braids or buns without disrupting the curl pattern.

That said, you can also just do a wet reset on those days."
jo_bani,my1znl,"I wonder if it would smother your hair/scalp too much to wrap it in a scarf, like you would if you were using the scarf for sleeping? If you're already sleeping in a scarf it might be a lot of time covered, but you could try it!"
