index,id,comments
Istinline,m741sq,"Some curls don’t form at the root but some things you could try to encourage curls there are
- clarify or chelate shampoo to remove buildup and only apply conditioning products to your mid lengths and ends
- if you must use products at the root make sure they are light weight, foams, some mousse, or serums could work
- don’t over condition. If your hair doesn’t need a deep condition, don’t do it, trust how your hair feels. 
- try brush styling up and away from your scalp to lift hair off the roots and dry clumped up there
- use protein which can add strength and hold to curls/waves
- dry roots first if you diffuse 
- microplop and don’t leave water in your hair to drip dry as that can weigh hair down

I hope any of these tips help!"
JaqenTheSwift,m741sq,"Are you applying enough gel/mousse near the top? Are you using heavy products or more product than you need? If your hair is long, it could weigh it down as well"
balloony8,m741sq,"I have the same issue, & I have the exact same type of hair! I would also love an answer to this"
gay__frog,m741sq,"Hey, check out this post (and her whole blog...):

https://wavyhaircare.com/how-i-get-my-naturally-wavy-hair-pattern-to-start-higher/"
lirae666,m741sq,"Are you (and you, /u/balloony8 ) brushing your hair down, while standing upright?"
mimiandthekeyboard,m741sq,Why do my waves/curls start mid hair?&&&I have 2b/2c thin low porosity hair and I always found this to be an issue-- with any products I use. Could it be the harshness of my water?&&&I try not to brush my hair
Pond913,m73dtw,"Yeah I wash every day or every other day. My hair just looks super frizzy and blah after 2 days.  I just shampoo and then condition and brush it through and s2c and then rinse it out a bit. I was using NYM curling cream but im trying the b&b curl defining cream I found in the cabinet. Brush that through and squish some then put in the as I am curling jelly with prayer hands and squish and then get out and plop it for a bit. I style everything upright bc it gets tangled going from upside down to upright. Waves are pretty defined but not much volume. Then I hover diffuse and regular diffuse.

I actually just started the as I am cowash and that cleans my scalp pretty well. Just wanted to try it out. Not really sure if that's weighing my hair down. It has the same volume from just using shampoo. 
I'm getting a haircut and highlights soon so I'm gonna talk to my stylist and see if she can cut more layers and if she has tips for volume and diffusing. Im still very new to this so im still figuring stuff out.&&&I also feel like I had too much protein from the NYM curl cream bc I do wash so often so I switched to the other one. Hoping that helps. But idk"
schmuckcess,m73dtw,"Any other daily/every-other-day washers? How does that affect your routine?&&&I wash my hair daily or occasionally every other day, but, since I feel like this is uncommon in the wavy/curly community I'm having a hard time finding what people's routines look like if they wash often as well. Right now, my routine is pretty straightforward:

1. *Whole Blends Illuminating Shampoo with Moroccan, Argan and Camellia Oils*
2. The matching conditioner, rake it in, prayer hands, squish to condish
3. Plop in a hair turban
4. Scrunch in whatever mousse I have, currently *L'Oreal BOOST IT Volume Inject Mousse.*
   1. Recent addition is a spray bottle of diluted rice water during this step
5. Then some sort of mix of plopping, air drying, and diffusing (with heat protectant) depending on the day
6. Sometimes I use a little bit of oil (*Leven Rose Vit E* blend which has mainly Vitamin E, Jojoba Oil, Sweet Almond Oil, Argan Oil)

I have a wild mix of mostly 2b-2c with random sections of 3a and 2a by the way. I also found that my hair responds REALLY well to rice water. I wonder if my hair needs more protein to balance out the moisture from washing and conditioning every day? Looking forward to hearing others experiences :)"
Glued-Up,m73baa,Probably the SM conditioner..try light weight conditioning products
esmith28,m73baa,My hair is more wavy when I dont wash it! Am I using too heavy product?&&&I wash my hair 1x a week-- ill hop in the shower and just shower normally without washing my hair inbetween and my hair is literally curlier during normal showers when it's just getting damp/steam  without product vs when I wash! I have wavy/curly hair that is colored. I currently use briogeo charcoal shampoo on my scalp and then shea moisture conditioner. I'm wondering if the products I use are too heavy on my hair? Does anyone have recommendations for lighter products? Wash day definitely looks crusty and weighted down
neverseektotell,m73baa,Sounds like your hair likes steam
schmuckcess,m73baa,It could be overmoistuized and becomes more curly as the week goes on it loses moisture (or just doesnt get as moistuized while your showering) and so gets better.
SuaveSpermatozoa,m6y11u,Getting the squishing sound makes such a big difference!
honey_bunchesofoats,m6y11u,"I wonder if it’s too much conditioner? It took me months to figure out a routine that worked for my hair. I shampoo, condition, and then brush it sopping wet, flip it over and add in mousse and/or a mixture of Olaplex leave in and defining curls cream. You might want to try to leave out the leave in conditioner to see if that helps. 

As you scrunch, you need to hear the squishing wet sound. Then I put mine in a turbie twist for 5-10 minutes, diffuse the roots and let air dry. Hopefully this helps!"
trophywifematerial,m6y11u,"wavy fail.... today, tried shampoo, brushing with conditioner, leave-in conditioner, and mousse. this is what i get every time. i know i have some what wavy hair, but apparently i have no clue how to do a wavy hair routine. any suggestions?&&&&&&Thanks, I’ll try just the mouse on my next wash day! I have a fair amount of color/heat damage, so I use the It’s A 10 daily moisture shampoo and conditioner to keep my hair moisturized. Between the damage and the heavy conditioner though, my waves just fall out. :-("
whit_flinn,m6y11u,How wet is your hair when you apply mouse? And do you style right side up or upside down? Just thinking sometimes it’s in the details of your routine... it looks like your mouse didn’t get in there or applied evenly?
Turbulent_Cricket683,m6wjgd,"Try using a curl cream or curl enhancer type styler, may be the leave in and mousse isn't quite enough for your hair. I find I have slacker waves if I just use leave in and mousse compared to defined waves and even curls with a curl styler (currently using Noughty Wave Hello curl cream).  :)"
toootsieloo,m6wjgd,"Help me get my waves back! Should I be brushing? Need protein?&&&&&&Thanks :) I will definitely give the curl cream a go! Really enjoying the noughty products so far.&&&This my first time using a mostly cgm routine.
I have fine hair, but a fair amount of it. I think it's high porosity, but could be wrong! I live in a VERY hard water area. I get an oily scalp pretty quickly so wash every 2-3 days.

Noughty Detox Dynamo shampoo, I also have the Wave hello shampoo which I'm planning on using. I've been using the Palmer's coconut shampoo and condish for a while and had been left with a lot of buildup!
Noughty wave hello conditioner - squish to condish into my hair.
Palmer leave in conditioner spray - just trying to use this up! As think it's weighing me down.
Got2be twisted mousse on wet hair ( which I don't think is cgm approved but it's what I have until I decide on a better product). I used praying hands to apply this then scrunched. 
Plopped with microfiber towel, tbh I don't think this did much for me as I have had more spiral waves in the past and felt this flattened my waves into more of an s shape without any coils.
Sotc

And that's it. I don't  brush my hair unless wearing smooth or styling with heat, just finger detangle when washing. Should I be brushing to distribute product?  

In the past I've had much more 2b/2c curly waves and would love to get those back. 
If my hair gets wet from rain or shower and no products I see all the spiral curls forming again, but it's a frizzy mess! 

I had my hair chopped off in October, but carried on using heat stylers for a month or so. Have been heat free since December and can feel my hair is healthiest it's been in a while, but wondering if I need protein to help my hair hold it's curl? All the info out there is very overwhelming! Any help appreciated!"
Any_Engineering6915,m6wdpb,Deep Conditioner Reccomendaton&&&Hey waives! Looking for a deep conditioner recommendation. I know for wavy hair I need to stay away from anything too heavy but have yet to find a specific product that works for me. Want to avoid frizz and buildup but think I need the moisture. Appreciate the feedback!
Impressive_Bus1284,m6wdpb,"I’ve been using the body shop banana deep conditioner, didn’t expect to love it but has been working well so far! Pretty sure it’s cg friendly, it does have a strong banana-y scent when applying though in case you’re sensitive to that :)"
KellBell523,m6wdpb,Mielle babassu oil and mint.
MedianEconStudent,m6wdpb,I’ve been using Not Your Mothers Curl Talk mask and it’s pretty good but you need to leave it on for a while.
rodlock,m6wdpb,"My absolute favorite, lightweight, moisturizing and cheap deep conditioner is the Fructis Hairfood aloe Vera deep conditioner! My hair is verging on curly and somewhat dry so YMMV :)"
Istinline,m6v0j3,"How do you protect your hair when you sleep and what’s your refresh routine like? 
Tangled hair typically comes from raised cuticles but could also be from other things like physical friction from sleeping on coarse materials or snagging on the back of a wool coat."
apieceofpink,m6v0j3,My hair gets very tangly on non-wash days. What can I do to help with the tangles? Does this mean my hair needs protein?&&&&&&I do a bun before sleeping and I don't refresh because it just doesn't works for me😕
NeoSuperconductivity,m6ta9v,Love the shine to your curls!
PoopTendies_CumSauce,m6ta9v,You have great hair!!!
Tt7447,m6ta9v,Looks Amazing!!
yunglonewolf,m6ta9v,Idk if guys are allowed here but just wanted to show off my waves. Products that I used for my hair is Shea Moisture curling smoothie. I’m still exploring on what products to use on my hair. Feedback appreciated.&&&&&&Thanx pooptendies_cumsauce&&&Thank you!
broken-and-blessed,m6p6se,"Just getting started with CGM, pointers and suggestions welcome. This is wash day kind of. I washed last night, and let out today. It looks good and I am happy with the waves, but struggle with the frizz and the lack of body on top half that seems to inevitably fall flat throughout the day.&&&&&&Routine: Cowashed with Renpure Curl Defining Coconut Cleansing Conditioner. Condition upside down with finger combing with Trader Joe's Tea Tree Tingle Conditioner. Slight microplop to remove heavy excess water then added in small amount of Shea Moisture Coconut & Hibiscus Curl and Style Milk. Added good poof of Suave Natural Mousse then Microplopped with Microfiber and ended with dollop of Aussie Instant Freeze Gel. I plopped it in a Microfiber hair towel and slept on it. It was damp this morning so I clipped with root clips, did a couple minutes of diffusing on cool temp and let air dry to finish. I removed the root clips and then gently scrunched my hair to remove the cast."
jessacomposed,m6p6se,"None of the products you're using have a lot of protein, which wavy hair often loves. For me, that kind of frizz and limpness tells me I definitely need protein. I'd recommend a mask like the Hask argan oil or keratin deep conditioners."
Rubbish1212,m6odrz,"Help with products&&&I have been trying to find the right products for my hair. Ive tried cantu, not your mother’s various types, shea moisture, LUS, Cake mousse, blueberry bliss leave in, la looks gel all at different times. Nothing seems to work. Im so frustrated since I started curly girl modified two years ago. My hair has just gotten worse. I miss my soft waves and now it seems to just be crazy and frizz. Please help 😭😭

https://preview.redd.it/qtmn11jqnhn61.jpg?width=1892&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=24099670242e0d31283adfc7f9b839e53ad34fe8&&&Thanks for your help! I’m trying to google search now for protein free products. Hopefully I can find some affordable ones. My product graveyard is ever growing and my husband calls it the never ending search when I tell him I bought new hair stuff 😂&&&Today’s routine was shampoo and conditio with not your mothers tahitian and mango, curls blueberry bliss leave in conditioner, and style with Cake mousse."
lunar_sparrow,m6odrz,"I second aloe, protein, or coconut, but this is simply because my hair looks exactly the same and I’m hoping that will help 🙈😭"
midnightpanic,m6odrz,"Also a good time to reevaluate your techniques when conditioning and styling. I notice some stylers and conditioners work better with different techniques. Some conditioners work well with basic detangling and rinse but others work better when I squish to condish, for example."
pilfernoodles,m6odrz,"It looks to me like you’re dealing with too much protein, or an aloe or coconut sensitivity. 

The Blueberry Bliss is def high in protein, and cantu and shea moisture products are usually pretty high protein too.  Pretty sure they are all aloe-rich as well. Not as familiar with the others you mentioned, sorry.

Check your product ingredients; try to put together a wash day that has no protein, no aloe, and no coconut, and see if there’s a difference. If it’s coconut or aloe sensitivity causing your issues, you should notice a change after just one wash, tho it might not completely resolve. If it’s too much protein, that could take several washes before your hair balances out. 

Good luck!"
Local-hippie,m6o3h6,"My hair won’t hold no matter what. I’ve tried different products, different application methods, I’ve tried different styling techniques. Nothing is working and my hair reverts back to a frizz ball within an hour or two. I’ve tried diffusing and air drying. I’m getting frustrated&&&&&&I’m not too sure. I use curl smith products most of the time and sometimes I use Shea Moisture. I’m not sure of the glycerin in those products"
springwrench,m6o3h6,Have you been conscious of glycerin level in your products?
Domino511,m6lstw,"Focused heavily on moisture + new styling technique and got totally different results from a week ago. I got tighter waves + definition but more frizz. If you had to guess, is my hair missing protein, moisture or something else entirely?&&&&&&That’s interesting yours is so similar! Thank you for that advice, I am always hoping it’s easier than just patience and healthier hair 😂but I know you’re right!&&&Hair strand: fine to coarse (turning more coarse from hormones)

Density: very very dense, tons of hair & heavy

Porosity- Low

type: 2a-2b? 

Routine (this day specifically): V05 clarifying shampoo, Giovanni Deeper Moisture Conditioner (conditioned twice, left on for 10 min as it was still v dry after first time) , Curls Blueberry Bliss Reparative Leave-In Conditioner, Care Free Curl Gold Instant Activator, LA Looks Gel, then diffuse to 100% dry"
el_chihuahua93,m6lstw,"I have almost the same hair type and funny enough the same hair colour as you :) my guess would be that your ends are very dry because of previous hair damage. Tbh I haven't been lucky salvaging my ends, the only thing that has helped me, was a new hair cut (it doesn't have to be all of it, just the ends). As for washing routine...you seem to have some waves already forming (on the roots at least), that's a pretty good sign something is working :) (like I said, it may be too late for the damaged hair :(  ). Maybe try to balance your routine out. One day focus on moisturizing and the other day on a protein routine. As much as it sucks, it really takes a looong time, especially with damaged/very dry hair, to be healthy and balanced again. Your routine might also change depending on the current weather conditions, the type of pillow case you use, your hair brush etc..It takes time but it gets better!"
Istinline,m6k9hy,For strong hold stylers I’d recommend a mousse like Herbal Essences Totally Twisted or Aussie Instant Freeze Gel. Both don’t contain protein or glycerin.
austsianodel,m6k9hy,"Lightweight products for 2b fine hair pls!&&&Need some help with super strong hold but lightweight products for fine, low porosity hair. My hair clumps well but drops almost immediately after. Argh!&&&So far I’ve used curls blueberry curl milk
Grainier hair food papaya version 
Eco gel for waves hold 8 (pink version)"
jilliva,m6k9hy,"I love the curl smith in shower style fixer, I get all day hold!"
ndhewitt1,m6k6pr,"I stopped stylers, too. Always stringy underneath, super frizzy on top, and dirty looking even after many months of experimenting. I use small amounts of reverie rake or reverie milk and a silicone serum (I live in Florida and my hair loves silicone in constant humidity)."
uwuoona,m6k6pr,"Less product can be better!&&&&&&Lately I’ve been really frustrated by using gels and styling solutions. My hair always felt heavy and “dirty” even using products for wavies. And the stringiness and frizz was out of control!!! I stopped with the stylers and just started using a liquid leave-in moisturizer and my hair is finally soft and bouncy like I wanted! 

Routine: Wash with Giovanni Triple Tea Treat and condition with Giovanni Smooth as Silk, rinse out completely. Spray in Giovanni Ultra Moist Protective Leave-In and scrunch, then sleep in pineapple. :)

Pictured: Two different results from the same routine."
mmarquez20,m6k6jw,"Suggestions on better curl definition?&&&&&&Routine: I wash every 2-3 days with Shea Moisture Coconut and Hibiscus line. Sometimes I’ll use the NYM cleansing oil from the Curl Talk line. I use the matching SM conditioner. I STC and comb through my hair while it’s still soaking wet. 

I style with only gels at the moment because adding so many products doesn’t work with my hair. Sometimes I’ll use a leave in conditioner if I know I’m not trying to define my curls. I use a roping motion to apply the gel and then blow dry with diffuser until I’m able to scrunch most of the cast off. I alternate between gels since I’m an addict and have a million things to try. The one used here is the TGIN Rosewater one. 

*I have fine, thick, low - medium density hair. As you can ten my curl pattern is mostly 2B. Sometimes I can achieve 2C curls. I’m not sure one the porosity of my hair. Since I have bleached highlights, I will assume it’s medium just due to the chemical damage to my hair. I also have a dry scalp* 

I want a lighter shampoo but SM doesn’t make my scalp feel tight and itchy. 

Any suggestions are more than welcome! :)&&&Thank you so much! It’s easy to feel discouraged. I honestly try something new almost every single time. But I haven’t used mousse and wavies seem to rave about mousse so I’ll have to give that a go. It’s weird because if I don’t add anything to my hair and just let it dry on it’s own, sometimes I get a few really defined curls, but when I try to define them, I get the, “I just took my hair out of a braid,” kind of waves."
whit_flinn,m6k6jw,"Your waves/hair is beautiful! Ive seen a bunch of ppl say that certain Shea moisture lines can be too heavy for fine hair, but if it works for you and helps with itch then stay with it! honestly you sound like you have a good routine, I also don’t use a ton of products mostly cause sensitive scalp. Have you played around with when you add gel/amounts and stuff? Maybe a denman or behairful brush could help with definition? That’s all I got, honestly your hair looks great."
15021993,m6h7mx,They look super healthy!
1Goddessofthedragon,m6h7mx,Beautiful
Baker_Baker,m6h7mx,"You look great! Also, I have to ask, where did you get that adorable top?"
Dradiss,m6h7mx,"Lovely curls, but your blouse is amazing! 
Surely in r/entomology would be appreciated too"
IShouldHaveNoddles,m6h7mx,Just want to say you look very cute and your hair is perfect. I will probably have a cut as well :)
Itssnailspice,m6h7mx,Not OP but I have the same one! It's from H&M.
PoopTendies_CumSauce,m6h7mx,Those hair look so so healthy!!!!!
Silly_Percentage,m6h7mx,Beautiful!
Theminibaker,m6h7mx,I love your haircut! It’s very flattering and your hair looks so healthy!
WavyChoy,m6h7mx,I love this haircut on you! So cute!
canofass55,m6h7mx,What’s the curly cut?:o
imk0ala,m6h7mx,I want to know too!
janehardcastle,m6h7mx,It looks amazing! Good decision!
justletmepostplz,m6h7mx,You look a little bit like Vanessa Marano!
nautical_dreams,m6h7mx,"Thank you all for the encouraging words in my last post! I got the curly cut and I'm very happy with it!&&&&&&Thank you!&&&It's from H&M but I got it some time ago, so I'm not sure if they still sell it!&&&I have no idea which technique she used but she cut my hair dry and then wet.&&&Thank you!&&&They're not but thanks 😂&&&I love that blouse too! I think I have a lot of stuff they would like, I love insects.&&&Thank youu ❤&&&Routine:

Wash with Love, Beauty and Planet Muru Muru shampoo (the sulfate free version) and condition with Garnier Loving Blends conditioner. I don't know the exact name of the conditioner in English, but it's Milde Haver in Dutch. Once a week I use Olaplex nr 3 and Aunt Jackie's Rescued as deepco. Then I use Flora & Curl curl activating lotion and Giovanni's LA Hold gel. I apply both with praying hands and then I scrunch and microplop. I diffuse on medium heat and speed"
reMEMber-mak,m6h7mx,Okay but you’re gorgeous.
robinvangreenwood,m6h7mx,Christ man everybody here is so fing cute man gosh so so cute
wrteq,m6h7mx,I was thinking the same thing!
