index,id,comments
ElectricalPirate14,oii14b,I like the sun bum 3 in 1 leave in and the NYM leave in. They are both sprays but I don't spray them directly on my hair I spray into my palms first.
Greatrisk,oii14b,I use Curlsmith Moisture Memory spray as a leave-in and I’ve been happy with it. It is designed as a multi-tasking product so it can also be used as a refreshing product.
GritNGrind4Ever,oii14b,"Ouidad Moisture Lock Leave In is what I use on my hair because it isnt too heavy, but it definitely moisturizes my hair! So maybe try that, but also I have seen people add their favorite leave-in to a spray bottle with some water. Maybe you could try that if you find one that you like that you want to apply by spray bottle and it also should make the products not so heavy since mixed with water!"
Sea_Aspect_2327,oii14b,"Ouai leave in has treated me well so far, i’m still figuring out how to use it best. We have similar hair but so far it’s worked good, you can get a travel size for $12 to try it out"
facejellyy,oii14b,"Spray leave ins?&&&For over a year I've been using Curls Blueberry Bliss leave in. I have fine thick hair that ranges from 2a to 3a around my head (curlier pieces tend to be coarser, but my hair is easily weighed down so products such as Shea Moisture dont work)

I'm looking to revamp my collection now that I have more money to splurge and test different things out. I've always been interested in spray leave ins, but I'm scared they wont be moisturizing enough for my dry ends, but I'm intimidated by things like heavy creams because they may cause my oily scalp to act up.

Is there a product with a good balance?"
ElectricalPirate14,oiddnd,Looks great!
Greatrisk,oiddnd,"Oh, that’s smart to diffuse section by section! I may have to try that! Looks really good 👍"
MBmondongo,oiddnd,"Finally some good waves!!!!!&&&&&&I washed with not your mother's shampoo, conditioned with Shea moisture manuka honey and yogurt. Then added a dollop of kinky curly custard on very wet hair and spread with my wet brush. I was having issues because my hair is really heavy so if it forms big clumps they look great to start, but then they never dry and stretch as time passes, so the bottom of my hair would look straight and the top wavy. Today I sectioned it 3 times. Started working at the bottom, added uncle funky gel, used the 5 row denman brush to brush it outwards, then herbal essences mousse and scrunched to my scalp. I then used gator clips to keep my waves up until I had all the hair up. Then one by one I diffused every section. It was very fast to diffuse as the small sections helped a ton. My hair takes hours to dry and it would never get over 50% dry with diffusing big clumps. Today I got all the waves and volume I ever wanted when starting CGM.&&&It also made a nice cast, which I usually never get on the bottom part.&&&Thanks! I'm very happy with it!"
magpiec,oiddnd,"Are you me?! I got spooked when I came across this photo :D

I have very similar hair and even my bathroom looks similar to yours! I even have a plant in the same exact place you have a plant in the background. I got curious and looked at your profile and you also went to UF!!!!"
HonestlyRespectful,oid1t9,Silicone is very good to eliminate frizz. Use it if you need to. I just found sciencemeetscosmetics on Instagram... lots of good scientific based info on taking care of hair. She has beautiful curls and only uses products with silicone.
Merci01,oid1t9,"Ooh, Which deep conditioner for Nexxus? My hair loves Nexxus Therappe and Humectress

Also, which silicones are good for smoothing frizz?"
MitziMala,oid1t9,Try using a drop only mixed with a silicone free one to dilute it easier
Socatastic,oid1t9,"Some people just find their hair does better with silicones. Whatever works for you is best. Personally, I love the feel of silicones and keep trying to sneak them into my routine again, but my hair goes limp and stringy each time."
Wise_Date_5357,oid1t9,"I’m not sure about the wet frizz issue but just wanted to chime in that I had the same problem with buildup and if you find the Sulfates are stripping too much moisture out, I found clarifying shampoo super helpful, the OGX apple cider vinegar one I use is Sulfate free and works great on my low porosity hair. I use it once every two weeks and it’s helped me loads :) (obvi feel free to ignore this if what you’re doing works for you, you know your hair better than I do) x"
catpicsaremyfav,oid1t9,"I didn’t see this in your post unless I’m missing something, but are you brushing your hair in the shower while it’s wet with a wide tooth comb or wet brush? A lot of people seem to notice the difference if they brush at least to incorporate their conditioner evenly through their hair before rinsing. I also brush my hair towards the front of my head while it’s still soaking wet. That helps cut down on the wet frizz and helps your hair find its clumps. If you want to go a step further, you could try brush styling each clump by pulling your brush through with a little bit of tension (like curling a ribbon with scissors).

As far as conditioners go, I prefer the love beauty planet tea tree oil and vetiver, or the jasmine conditioner. They’re light weight, but provide enough moisture (I’m also low porosity). Just recently started using Maui moisture lightweight curls+ flaxseed and also like that.

Not sure what kind of stylers you’re using, but I found that gel makes my hair feel like how you’re describing. I put a dime sized amount of curl cream in right out of the shower, and then a bunch of mousse right before diffusing, and that combo doesn’t have the same funky feeling that gel did for me."
mencryforme5,oid1t9,"Low porosity and wet frizz&&&Hey all,

I am struggling with wet frizz. My hair is super duper low porosity so I've had to bite the bullet and use sulfate shampoos once a week. This allows me to use a dime size amount of styling products and re incorporate conditioner, which used to cause my hair to mat straight up. 

My issue is that no matter how much conditioner I put in, I've still got wet frizz while my conditioner is in my hair. It's just bumming me out. The only solution I've found is to put dry oil on soaking wet hair and then turban it to remove some water. I also fake out now by brushing my hair and sleeping in a bun -- it's the only way to get rid of the frizz.

I wonder if silicone free conditioner isn't great for me? It just seems to coat my hair causing issues and never actually does a damn thing for the frizz. I am just using it at this point to avoid damage. Have any of you found an amazing lightweight silicone free (or not) conditioner available in Canada?

Hair is 2B, low porosity, very fine, very dense, not colour treated, never heat styled, no split ends, about 5% grey (could be part of the issue). 

I currently alternate three conditioners: 1- love beauty planet rose, 2-bkind bar conditioner, 3- a (silicone) deep conditioner by nexxus. This last one is the only one that actually makes my hair soft and somewhat less frizzy. 

Should I just go back to silicone?&&&I am using the Neutrogena no residue. My buildup was like waxy. I find I still have to use it every other wash. It's getting better but my hair still has that feeling like it can't get fully wet because of the waxy buildup. I used to use straight vinegar twice a week. It helped but it was getting exhausting. I'm not someone who is used to putting much time in her hair. I just wanted to wash and go, not have to do vinegar rinses and constantly scrub my scalp.

But at least I've gotten to a place where my hair looks decent when it's dry. I think the dry oil is helping. I get a cast from leave in conditioner (no hold tho) so you can imagine how much my hair gets easily weighed down!&&&Thank you for this! I think y'all are right and I should just stop trying to make CG work for me.&&&I do but it never stays together, if that makes sense. Less than half a second later it all starts sticking out funny. No matter how much conditioner I put in. Like people say their hair feels like seaweed and I've experienced that before -- this ain't it. It feels dry and brittle. Shockingly, it's very soft when it's dry. But when it's wet it feels terrible: dry, waxy, and conditioner doesn't seem to help.

I don't mess with gel, my hair hates it. I use a cream styler just to give it a bit of hold, but without the dry oil it just gets frizzy and limp. This leads me to believe I do need conditioner, I guess it's just the silicone free ones have just been sitting on the top of my hair and not doing a damn thing!

I will look for the ones you mentioned."
ayychee,oiaogw,"My first brag worthy wash day.&&&&&&I did half of a full strength gelatin/xantham gum/coconut oil/deep conditioner for an hour last night, rinsed with Kristin Ess clarifying shampoo (with sulfates) then s2c with As I Am Coconut Cowash. Repeated the other half for an hour in the morning, and washed out with Pacifica Pineapple Curls shampoo and the As I Am Cowash. Rinsed gelatin out completely while brushing upside down with a tangle teezer, squished in Uncle Funky's Curl Magic, did a quick wet plop while getting dressed, then glazed on Aunt Jackie's Don't Shrink and Eco Styler Krystal, scrunched, finger rolled (single, not the two finger I see videos of), then wet plopped for 30 minutes. Diffused on low until 90% dry, finished air drying and SOTC with a teeny tiny amount of coconut oil between my palms.&&&Also I kinda feel like I'm graduating beyond mostly 2a/2b into something else but curl imposter syndrome is real :-/"
1-21GigaWhat,oiaacf,Do you know your hair porosity? High porosity hair needs protein. Low porosity hair can be protein sensitive.
Fluid_Description_16,oiaacf,I tried it once and after a week demoted it to use when I shave my legs and bikini line.
HonestlyRespectful,oiaacf,"If the tresemme works, use it."
_boatsandhoes,oiaacf,Omg I HATE this product. I love shea moisture but this conditioner actually makes my hair so much more dry and wet frizzy. I bought curlsmith Rehab bond and use that along with shea moisture extra moisture leave in and that has been my saving grace.
kailee___m,oiaacf,"Mine did the same, just an instant rats nest of tangles. A high protein conditioner (and shampoo) with a lot of slip is Verb’s Ghost line!! I was having issues finding a good coconut-less conditioner with slip to prevent breakage after bleaching and it has worked super well for me"
lifeofmatcha,oiaacf,"I haven't tried that conditioner, but I also struggle with really tangled hair. I recently started using the Zotos All About Curls Daily Cream Conditioner and love it! It's got so much slip and makes it so easy to detangle my hair, is moisturizing with a little protein in it and isn't heavy. You can get it at Sally's Beauty or on Amazon in Canada."
mediocreravenclaw,oiaacf,"Does anyone else feel like the Shea Moisture manuka honey and yogurt conditioner has next to no slip?&&&I was using a Tresemme conditioner for a while and decided to try Shea moisture when it ran out. I felt like my hair was in need of protein. But this conditioner seems to be providing me with no slip and no moisture! I end up using handfuls and handfuls of product and seem to be losing more hair in the shower. I think this hair loss is from the lack of slip when I try to detangle. I try to add a lot of water but it seems like the second my hair is out of the water stream it starts to feel dry. I end up running so much water over it then I need to reapply the conditioner. 

Has anyone else experienced this? Is this product just not compatible with my hair? I would love any suggestions.&&&Yeah I will be going back to it once this bottle of SM is finished at least until I find another option. The protein and hype lured me in for sure. Not even certain that my hair needs protein but I wanted to see if it would help my wave pattern.&&&Maybe I’ll have to check Sally’s! It’s really frustrating that USA and Canada have such wildly different stock.&&&I don’t think coconut is an issue for me but I may get a product without it just out of curiosity! But I’ve had decent results with the botanique conditioner from tressemme.&&&Yeah maybe that’s where this will go. Gonna try going back to my tresemme for a wash just to see if I get better results now. I’ve changed styling method and some other products recently and if the results are better than with Shea it can be overly expensive shave cream.&&&Yeah I’m also not enjoying the shampoo I got from them. It’s the coconut one because it was the only one in stock. I don’t feel like it spreads through my hair well at all and sometimes the chunks get left behind.&&&I’ve honestly got no idea and I haven’t found a good concrete way to explain it. Strand test seems normal but I suspect it might be low because it takes a long time to fully saturate my hair with water even after clarifying and standing under the shower taps."
pirrhanaplant,oi8sar,"I have no idea what I'm doing, but I'm pleased with today's post wash hair at least&&&&&&Thank you!&&&Routine:
Wash/condition with NYM blue sea kale

NYM curl talk gel then plop for 30 minutes

Air dry then pineapple overnight

Occasional rice water mask when I feel like it

I think my hair is low porosity? No idea about thickness or density!"
water_lillie,oi8sar,That looks lovely!
catpicsaremyfav,oi790q,"Day 2 Hair Win!&&&&&&Wash/condition: Maui moisture lightweight curls+flaxseed shampoo and conditioner

Brush through conditioner using denman style brush. Completely rinse out after allowing to sit for a few minutes.

Brush forward, but not entirely upside down in the shower, parting at the back center. This seems to help minimize the weird situation that can happen sometimes at the back. I saw curlykiet do this on Instagram.

Emulsify and squish in a dime size amount of Shea moisture curl cream. Plop in a tshirt for 15-30min before diffusing as long as I can stand it. Scrunch in a handful of mousse right before diffusing.

Refresh: dampen with a little water, and add a small amount of conditioner. Plop for a few minutes, and then diffuse for 2-3minutes to get mostly dry."
yougoglimcoco,oi790q,Wow! Fantastic results!
Greatrisk,oi61i6,"I haven’t done my routine in a couple of months and right now I can’t remember why not! I’m just so relieved my hair seems to have at least some memory!&&&&&&Wash with Briogeo banana coconut shampoo; condition with a mix of Shea Moisture protein mask and Curlsmith Hydrating mask; Curlsmith Moisture Memory spray as leave-in, brushed through and scrunched; Cake Curl Whip mousse scrunched (and scrunched and scrunched); microplop and diffuse about 15 minutes then air dry rest of the way; SOTC!

I’m 11 months in to accepting my wavy hair, though as I said, I haven’t done much with it in I guess a month and a half, so the journey has been a bit interrupted!&&&Thank you so much! My hair stylist is pretty awesome.&&&Thank you! 🙏&&&I appreciate it so much!&&&I don’t unless it’s wet!"
Snowstig,oi61i6,Beautiful waves!
partypancakesbacon,oi61i6,How do you brush?
roundy_yums,oi61i6,The waves and the color are both so pretty!
rsgermano,oi61i6,It looks so good!! And the color of your hair is so pretty
slaygrrrr,oi61i6,"Can I ask: why haven't you done your routine in so long? No time to diffuse, or another reason? Your routine seems relatively straightforward, all things considered."
Smart-Cable6,oi610w,"I’m 2 months into CGM and started with basically straight hair. Now it’s started being frizzy and curling like wild around my neck and ears (shorter hair). I have very fine low porosity hair. I didn’t have a haircut for a long time, maybe that would help my other parts of hair to start curling too?&&&&&&Thanks for your reply! Actually my wash days are kinda ok, I even get some waves and my hair is getting definitely healthier. Once wet, I have lots of waves and curls but once the hair dries (even with styler crust on), O see lots of stretching in my hair and most of the shape is gone. But something is there (https://i.imgur.com/uF3IzMa.jpg)
The problem is that the waves disappear the next day. I sleep in a bun and with a saten pillow case.

What I found out - my hair likes protein. And it doesn’t like glycerin in styling products. The area where I live in tends to get pretty humid and after I apply some styler into wet hair (for example I create lift by Innersence), I immeadiately see how the hair drops and gets extremely hydrated. When I apply into dry hair it drops after a while. I also noted we have really hard water.

I clarify with kinky curly come clean or bentonite clay approx. every 3 weeks. 

My wash day - amla volume shampoo from khadi and coconut shikakai also from khadi. Leave in - wonder tonic from khadi.
I used to use innersence I create lift for styling but it doesn’t seem to work for my hair so I only use linseed gel.
Recently I started to diffuse my hair as I suspected my hair would retain some waves if dried quicker but I don’t see much of a difference.

I also tried experimenting with different plops and I don’t see a difference either.

Now the question is if I should even try to get some waves, maybe the waves I get is only the styling? On the other hand since I started CGM I now have frizz which I never had plus all the hair that is shorter and close to the skin (around ears and neck) gets curlier every wash day and tends to be even curlier the second day. But once it gets oily, it again stretches out. I have some hope as my mum has 2c hair and it started to curl around my age.

Maybe the problem is my conditioner. I would like to try jessicurl aloeba and some other jessicurl products, because I maybe only picked the wrong ones. Someone told me that skikakai may be too heavy for my hair.&&&Thank you for your reply! I’m glad I’m on the right path. Now I have to find a good hairdresser and buy different products!"
StarfishSabbatical,oi610w,"I agree that your product may be too heavy. My hair nearly never needs any added moisture...also fine and very low porosity. I do a protein mask at least twice a month, and I use a curl cream with protein in it. I think I may need to up the protein mask to 3x a month in the humid months. I have had the same problem as you...getting the right combo to keep my waves from falling out, and it was always too much moisture or too heavy a product for me. I was doing some research yesterday on low porosity hair and learned that products sits on it without absorbing, so buildup happens quickly. So I am also thinking about hitting the clarifying shampoo a little more often, too (currently do 2x/month).

Btw, nearly 2 years in and I am getting full-on double-helix spirals these days, though it is still sometimes a struggle to keep them looking nice for long. I started out with just a few short curls here and there. Stick with it!

I forgot to add that getting a great haircut (layers without using a razor...asked someone I know who has curly hair and it always looks great who she goes to and went to that stylist...success!) earlier this year definitely made it much easier for my waves to clump together and stay together and I noticed a difference right away."
camus-is-absurd,oi610w,"You obviously have a bit of curl there, but if you’re two months in, even if your hair is “only” wavy (no knocking waves in this house) you shouldn’t be struggling to get your hair to curl/wave. 

It might be weird, fall out easily, have an uneven pattern, or just in general Not Look Cute as you transition, but it wouldn’t just stay straight.

Can you drop your routine?"
BrunchBitches,oi2fmu,So your hair is pretty damaged right now and it’s going to take a lot of work to rock your natural texture again but don’t feel discouraged! Regular protein treatments and deep conditioning will help astronomically to improve the texture of your hair. I recommend shea moistures manuka honey and yogurt protein treatment and their manuka honey and mafura oil deep conditioner. Good luck!
Maleficent-Advice-50,oi2fmu,"Tips on how to tame my waves/curls!&&&&&&Using oils didn’t even cross my mind- thank you so much for the awesome tip! Will definitely give this a go!&&&It really is, kinda wished I embraced my curls sooner! :( Thank you for the recommendations!! Been struggling to find which deep conditioners are good so this really helps! Thanks heaps!&&&Thanks for the recommendation!! Looks like I really have to invest in gel! What brands happen to work for you? :)&&&Rebonded hair for 10+ years and finally embraxed my waves/curls this year!

Routine:

Shampoo- shea moisture curl and shine (2-3x a week)

Conditioner- shea moisture curl and shine (everyday)

Plop with cotton shirt

Leave in conditioner (raking with my fingers) using shea moisture curl enhancing smoothie 
Airdry"
_Lunar_Lily_,oi2fmu,Gel gel gel. Add a hefty amount of gel on wet hair. I use praying hands to smooth on the gel (upside down) them scrunch and plop. Bug difference in friz for me.
xsxpxixdxexrxsx,oi2fmu,"I'd suggest adding some oil in you routine. I like to put the oil in after the leave-in conditioner, but before styling products. I've found argan oil works really well with my hair."
b0neSnatcher,oi0jlp,"I feel like I’m nailing the curly hair routine now, but I still don’t know how to do just a regular blow dry&&&How do I blow dry my hair? Like without a diffuser, no gel cast, not trying to get curls. 

Right now I pretty much just point the blow dryer at it. Sometimes I remember to put leave in conditioner first. It always seems to end up too dry, gets really frizzy/frayed at the ends. The top usually ends up getting a bit oily while the ends get super dry.&&&Thanks! I’ll look for a heat protectant. I have a ceramic straightening iron - im guessing that’s not the same thing? Never heard of a ceramic styling brush (in fact I have literally never used a brush on my hair at all….)"
scummy_shower_stall,oi0jlp,"You NEED a heat protectant, one with silicone.  A ceramic styling brush is a good investment too, Olivia Garden brand is good.  You can direct your hair the way you want it.  But anyway, at least those two things.  I wouldn’t recommend a true oil (jojoba, coconut etc) because you can literally fry your hair with the heat.  Spray your damp hair with the heat protectant, mousse if you need it, use the ceramic brush to style and direct your hair.  You’ll get the hang of it!"
MrsE2010,ohumz0,I'm new to this but I've been watching Manes by Mell and Swavy Curly Courtney on Youtube.
Wavyhaircare,ohumz0,"Favorite YouTube, Instagram, TikTok accounts or blogs for wavy curly hair?&&&I'm working on a blog post which will share wavy hair accounts that people can follow to learn about embracing naturally wavy hair and/or the wavy girl method or curly girl method. I'd love for people on here to share their favorite social media accounts, youtube channels, blogs, etc to follow for wavy hair. 

I know several youtube channels and Instagram accounts, but not much about tik tokers. I know CGM is kinda big on tiktok but I don't use it a whole lot so I'm not in the loop with which accounts are good ones to follow for wavy hair. 

Anyway, let me know your favorite accounts to follow and which platforms you follow them on, please. :)&&&Those two are definitely great ones! :)"
spiritualcurls,ohumz0,You should check out the Quinn app for wavy/curly hair! Been a game changer for me to identify what products and techniques work for my hair type.
einelampe,ohue3a,"good wash day!&&&&&&Found a good summer routine for my fine, dense waves. Shampooed with Ethique Bar Minimum, conditioned with Ethique Untangled, squished Curl Mix flax seed gel into dripping wet hair, microplopped and then applied MorrocanOil Curl Control Mousse on damp hair and let air dry. This pic was taken right after I fluffed my hair. No real cast to speak of but I prefer it that way because I get more volume"
stelliumWithin,ohue3a,Oooh just using flax gel as a normal gel and not as a hair mask? I didn’t know that was possible! My hair looks a lot like this but having trouble with frizz so I might try.  Nice waves!
Hedgehog-Busy,ohsfz7,"My hair loses definition on the longer strands! How do I fix it?&&&&&&I think my hair is on the finer side. I try not to use a lot, maybe a dime sized amount of each product, but I'll definitely try using less. Thank you! I appreciate you taking the time to comment! :D&&&Awesome, thanks for commenting! I air dry, and it does clump when I apply the mousse, but not after I plop. I tried a different style of plopping where I just scrunched my hair with the T-Shirt, but that just ruined all the clumps :( 

I'll definitely try eliminating the products I use! Do you think it might be best to cleanse and then try to weed them out, or try now? I know you're not ""THE EXPERT"" on curly/wavy hair, but I'm super new to this, so any advice you can give is much appreciated! :)&&&Help!!  
My curls lose all definition at the bottom. This is a couple hours after washing, right after I scrunch the crunch.  
I've been doing the CG routine for a few weeks now and here is what I do:  
Before my shower, I let coconut and jojoba oil sit on my hair for 1+ hours.  
I use Johnson and Johnson curl defining baby shampoo (I think this is a low-poo) massaged into the scalp. I rinse, then apply Garnier 1 minute hair mask + avocado oil. I S2C, then use NYM Tahitian Gardenia Flower and Mango Butter leave-in, NYM Curl Talk Curl defining Cream, and Aussie Instant Freeze Max Hold Mousse (in that order). I plop in a cotton T-Shirt for 5-10 minutes, then add NYM Curl Talk Sculpting Gel.   
 I also have Schwartzkopf BlondeMe Keratin restore bonding mask that I use once a  
month.  
I also try to eat for my hair (sardines in olive oil, Brazil nuts, enriched grains, Greek yogurt, honey, lots of fruits and veggies, etc.) but I just started that, so I don't think it will have an effect yet.  
I really like the definition I have on the side and framing my face, and I can keep it for 3-5 days, but the bottom/end of my hair always falls flat by day two.  
 My hair is high porosity, I think? It's bleached, but sometimes water will linger in droplets on  
it, but not always. It floats on water, too, so I'm not sure). I think it is mainly 2C with a little 3A in there. I know I have a lot of spiral curls, but they're mostly larger than a cork so I think that's 2C.&&&I really only wash when the bottom strands just look too gross. The rest of my hair can probably go more than 5 days, but I usually wash 3-4 days apart, if that makes sense. I also cleanse with Suave Cleansing Shampoo every two weeks!"
UnfairForever2505,ohsfz7,"Maybe you could try using less products?  Whenever your hair is acting weird it's a good idea to take a little break from styling products so you get a better idea of how your hair feels. It's easier to identify the problem when you have less variables. 

Do the longer strands clump and curl while they are in the cast? Do you air dry or diffuse?"
sfcindolrip,ohsfz7,late to the party lol but can wavy hair be styled with just a gel? Or is it best to have some moisturizing and detangling product like leave-in
takethehiddenpaths,ohsfz7,"How fine is your hair? With finer hair less is usually more when it comes to products because leave ins, butters, creams, and oils can weigh the hair down a lot."
badumdumdom,ohrxf8,"Product recommendations for 2b/c hair?&&&My hair always looks perfect in the morning then as time goes on it gets straw-like and stringy. If I wash it at night, it looks like this [https://prnt.sc/1a2gdzd](https://prnt.sc/1a2gdzd) in the morning, then like this [https://prnt.sc/1a2gnor](https://prnt.sc/1a2gnor) after 8 hours, then this [https://prnt.sc/1a2izwf](https://prnt.sc/1a2izwf) by the end of the night. 

For reference, I'm asian but with thin hair. High porosity. 

My hair feels okay, good on protein, and moisture I'm not sure about. My current routine is rice water 2x a week, Joico shampoo and conditioner, then a tiny bit of cantu butter and a blob of medium-control gel. 

My issue is my hair never ever ever seems to hold its curl. I've always had this issue. Even when I go to get my hair permed (japanese straightening and Korean c-curl perms) IT NEVER HOLDS!!! does anyone know what's wrong with my hair? 

I'm going to try a mousse, which does hold better, but nothing ever holds for 2 days"
Crafty-Sundae-130,ohogvp,"Minimal progress and so much frizz, help!&&&&&&Current routine: NYM naturals gardenia shampoo/conditioner, herbal essences totally twisted gel, microplop, air dry.

Very fine 2a? hair. I’m getting a dry haircut tomorrow so tips on that appreciated, too!"
IfTheHissyFits,ohogvp,What are the names of the leave-in and shampoo with protein that you use?
bemydarkling,ohogvp,"For me, the breakthrough was adding protein. Give it a shot. I started with a leave in spray and finally migrated to a protein shampoo. There’s lots of conditioning treatments with protein too, but those are too heavy for some wavies."
tonicspark,ohogvp,"Maybe try adding a light leave in or curl cream under the gel, it looks like your hair is lacking moisture when dry. It might help with definition as well."
Alternative_Treacle,ohn4c7,What did you switch to? I’m having a tough time finding something that isn’t packed full of glycerine that still keeps my moisturized.
Cheshire_Cat8888,ohn4c7,"I like the Green shampoo a lot (not the conditioner seemed to heavy for my hair and made it seem too stringy) seems to cleanse and lather pretty well but doesn’t make my scalp feel dry. I also like the pink conditioner it doesn’t seem to weigh my hair down (even though some other people said it was heavy but maybe that’s just my hair being weird ? Or me not noticing Idk.) and my hair is pretty defined more so than before I noticed. Maybe it helps that I use more lightweight styling products and try to be less heavy handed ? Idk. I also really like the smell of the conditioner.


I use the nym mousse btw for styling."
EmyJ523,ohn4c7,"How to choose a not your mothers naturals shampoo+conditioner&&&I was just curious based on y’all’s experiences if it’s better to choose one based on the weight of the product (like the charts) or the description of each one (green: Detox & Purify for Healthier Hair & Scalp)
I’m thinking of getting a lighter weight one and the dark blue seems good, *but* the pink, yellow, and green ones are like %50 off ;) In terms of weight the green one is next on the chart after the blue but the description doesn’t fit my needs at all.&&&It might seem like I’m thinking about this to much (I am) but once I buy a shampoo and conditioner you bet I’m gonna use that shit til it’s gone- so I’d rather just save myself the trouble and get it right the first time :)"
JalapenoGimlet,ohn4c7,"NGL I’ve tried a lot, and the green ones are best of the naturals lines for my wavy hair. I would caution that almost all of them have high levels of glycerin.  Just keep that in mind if you live in a humid climate - it’s the main reason I moved on to other products/lines.  Still like their Curl Talk stuff though (the curl cream, 3 in 1, mousse)."
MrsE2010,ohn4c7,"I mostly go by weight. The pink one is technically the curl one but it weighs my hair down so the description doesn't help me there. 

I've heard good things about the green one and would be open to trying it myself even though the detox thing does not fit my hair either."
official_koda_,ohn4c7,"The pink one is heavy and it should in theory be too heavy for my fine/dense hair…but it actually works best out of the ones I’ve tried. Most people like the green one but I actually hated all the green products, they didn’t work for me at all. Even the mask made my hair feel gross. A lot of people seem to recommend the blue one, it’s more in the middle."
songsaboutlove,ohn4c7,I would probably go by weight. I love the NYM dark blue line for my wavy hair. The green line is good too but it’s a little heavier so I use it more sparingly. The pink line is way too heavy for me and it’s very perfumed.
wroskis86,ohn4c7,"I use the yellow NYM conditioner and really like it. I have fine low density hair with medium porosity and I find this to be moisturizing enough for me (I get ""seaweed hair"") without it being too heavy. Smells great, too"
