index,id,comments
Ang3lr0se,qf8bqo,I'm new to this so I could be wrong but you could possibly need more moisture or protein in your hair? I'd research it a little to see if it's applicable to you but I know if you don't have the right balance your waves won't stick well if at all.
MeanGreenSaltine,qf8bqo,"I'm at my wits end&&&Hello!

Been following this sub for about a year now, but I really need some advice, so I'm making my first post! Please let me know if I'm doing something wrong here :) 

On a good day, my hair is a mix of 2a 2b and 2c (the hair at the nape of my neck is completely stick straight though🙃). On wash day, I can get nicely defined waves and minimal frizz, however, this lasts only on wash day. By day 2, almost all of the waves have straightened out, and whatever's still wavy looks a bit stringy. I have tried gels and mousses and I just can't figure it out! My hair also doesn't refresh very well, sometimes it can make things worse😩. Should I be using a hair wrap at night? Do i need to use a silk pillow case? 

Thank you in advance!!!! anything helps!! 

Current Routine: I wash about twice a week, sometimes 3 times. My hair is pretty fine but medium density. I use ethique professor curl shampoo and their Too Delicious conditioner. After washing I scrunch in herbal essences totally twisted mousse and let it air dry ( I can't use a diffuser because i shower early in the morning and don't want to wake my roommates, we have pretty thin walls :| )&&&I've tried a few, but the one that got closest to working for me was spraying my hair until it was damp, adding just a little bit of mousse (I'm still using the totally twisted one), scrunching, and then letting it dry!&&&your hair sounds almost exactly like mine! I will for sure try out your method, thank you!!&&&I think it's low porosity! I've done the little water glass test and my hair would just float&&&I'll definitely try that out, thank you! I roll around a lot at night, so I hope I can get it to stay 😁"
MrsE2010,qf8bqo,"My hair doesn't last more than a day or 2 either and just get's stringy and frizzy if I try to refresh with just a spray bottle or something. It's really thin and fine so little things like leaning my head on the headrest in the car for a bit flattens it out. 

I end up washing every other day or sometimes if it's super flat and I want to fix it, I will rinse and condition in the shower so I can start fresh from soaking wet hair but without using shampoo too often."
MsSureFire,qf8bqo,"I have a couple of ideas/tips, but first I wonna ask: what is your porosity?"
WeAreStarless,qf8bqo,">Should I be using a hair wrap at night? Do i need to use a silk pillow case?

you definitely need to protect it overnight! what's really worked for me is sleeping with my hair up in a pineapple (ponytail on top of my head) and on a satin or silk pillowcase"
inthebuffbuff,qf8bqo,"I'm sorry you're having such a hard time, it's really frustrating when you're struggling to get the best routine!

What techniques and products have you tried for refreshing?"
pajmahal,qf8bqo,"My hair is fine/medium density and a mix too—it doesn’t like to lay perfectly straight, but relaxes by day two and I don’t like it much, so I just wash daily, usually, and I hardly ever blow dry. Fine hair just goes limp and noodly sometimes, and if you have to do a little extra to get the texture you prefer, no biggie"
ydnas618,qf8bqo,"Definitely share the same concern with you, and yeah, it's annoying. Since my hair goes flat, dull, and waveless the second day, I just wash it daily. I've heard people say that satin bonnets are helpful so that might be a good place to start. Otherwise, using as little product as possible is still going to be advised."
bad___ger,qf7yy8,My barely wavy hair (with a reference of what it looks like wet)&&&
Catladyweirdo,qf6uso,I prefer them. The fact that silkworms are boiled alive to make the silk ones just doesn't sit right with me anyway.
mum_mom,qf6uso,Bamboo fibre pillow cases?&&&Does anyone use bamboo five pillow cases instead of satin/silk? Do they work the same?
moosiemoop,qf65k1,"Keeping natural waves??&&&The times I’ve loved my hair the most are after I’ve been swimming all day. Without the frizz and tangles, I would absolutely love the way my hair looks. I’ve been styling with a Denman brush and my waves never come out as good as they do naturally, but I also feel like leaving them natural will cause more frizz and look worse. As someone who’s pretty much grown up feeling like my natural hair is ugly, it’s hard for me to just leave my hair alone sometimes. I also know some frizz is normal, but people have always pointed out the frizziness of my hair so it still just makes me upset when my hair is even slightly frizzy. Are there any recommendations about how to bring out my natural waves?"
Alternative-Cat9174,qf3p8w,it lowkey looks good🤩
Auditorygarbage-,qf3p8w,Looks good
Ifawumi,qf3p8w,Looks great!
SekkiGoyangi,qf3p8w,Looks so healthy and cute!
TessDombegh,qf3p8w,Cuuuute!
cocoturtle1,qf3p8w,"My husband cut my hair yesterday. I was concerned I’d go into curl shock (wave shock??) but it seems pretty good. I think I’m really happy with the shorter length!&&&&&&Hahha I know right? He did such a great job! I’m really happy with it 😭&&&Yes I do! He’s the best! He suggested I cut it short and I said “why don’t you do it?” and he was very excited to cut my hair 😊&&&Thank you! I’m so happy with it&&&thank you! 😊&&&thanks!&&&Thank you!! Its definitely really, really soft!&&&I washed with my Viori shampoo and conditioner bars! I styled with Kinky Curly Curling Custard and some of my Innersense I create lift foam. And diffused halfway, then air dried. Same as my usual routine except of course with much less hair on my head, I’m using much less product 😇&&&thaaaaaaaanks! I’m super into it 😊 I don’t miss my long hair at all!&&&thank you! I’m very happy with it!"
kamomil,qf3p8w,Looks great!
la-femme-sur-la-lune,qf3p8w,Your *husband*?? You got yourself a keeper!
oatbevbran,qf3p8w,I think hubby’s got himself a side hustle—curly girl cuts!! I LOVE your shorter style!
sunsoutbunzout,qf3p8w,Looks awesome!
GenevaGrey,qf1ji8,"My hair looks awful when I wet style and really great when I damp style. So, for me, there is a huge difference and I almost always damp style. (I try wet styling once in a while, or when I try a new product that recommends it, but it never comes out well.)"
mommafo,qf1ji8,"I think it makes a big difference if you deal with dryness or tons of frizz. If you don't, I totally wouldn't mess with it! Sometimes I style on wet hair then microplop the ends if they're still dripping."
mrshoffu,qf1ji8,I have to style on really wet hair for any clumps!
pajmahal,qf1ji8,"Dripping wet styling works best for me, otherwise I get crispy little noodle waves that look like hammered shit. I started doing squish to condish, scrunching mousse into very wet hair, micro-plopping and then adding a little extra gel to air dry and so far that's delivered. No diffuser required."
rheasylvia81,qf1ji8,"Wet vs dry styling&&&Ok so I've been wearing my hair wavy since June for rhe 1st time in many years. There are so many new ideas and products since I was a teen and the biggest debate seems to be wet vs damp styling. Do you notice a difference and is it worth the effort? I have to say honestly I do notice better curl clumps on wet hair that last longer but Idk if I'm going to keep it up as it gets colder. Any tips or thoughts?&&&My hair is coarser and high density. I've noticed wet styli g does give nicer curl clumps for sure. Just not sure I will like it in cold weather.&&&Oh yes...i do unfortunately&&&I'm still deciding how exactly to diffuse. The rest of what you said works tho I use mostly creams.. Lol @the "" hammered shot""😁"
ydnas618,qf1ji8,"Try out both methods and see which one yields the best result for you. Usually if the hair is finer and lower density, damp styling is the way to go. I think it's really just a matter of personal preference."
WeAreStarless,qf0txv,"sally's has a line called ""zotos: all about curls"" that's supposed to be a dupe for devacurl!"
lifeofprepa,qf0txv,"S&C RECOMMENDATIONS FOR THIN 2b/2c hair&&&Hi all! I just recently had a life changing hair appointment with a curl specialist. I always knew I had wavy/curly hair but struggled with styling it. She taught me how to styled and made me fall in love with my curls! I am now in need of products recommendation. She used matrix’s a curl can dream light hold gel and moisturizing cream. I purchased both. Now as far as I shampoo and conditioner, she used deva curl’s low poo delight and one conditioning delight which I also purchased. However, I have read how deva curl products cause hair loss and am now regretting the purchase. Please let me know if any of you guys have any experience with these products. Any other shampoo and conditioner recommendations would also be greatly appreciated! Feel free to also comment your thin wavy hair routine so this newly awaked wavy curl can learn more!"
flow_masta,qezh4w,Really enjoyed these waves.&&&&&&Washed with Giovanni 50:50 shampoo followed with same brand conditioner. Scrunch cantu curl creme in wet hair followed by uncle funkte daughter curly magic. Plopped for ~1hr and then air dry rest.
Baby-goldfish,qez1s8,"I’m new to wavy hair!! Need help with “good” affordable products (all photos are productless, my hair is very dry and weird, after shower very nice “curls” (tighter waves) but then out it gets puffy and wavy)&&&&&&Thank you!! I’m okay with spending money but there are so many products out there that people say are bad for your hair but are marketed as good&&&Will any mousse work?&&&Does it make your hair feel icky after?&&&Thank you!! I tried one gel thing and the feeling of it was so icky I couldn’t stand it!!&&&Thank you!!"
Mombod666,qez1s8,You should try the Aussie scrunch mousse!!! It doesn’t make my hair as curly as I like but it dries without a cast or a crunch and keeps it from being really poofy
VioletRain22,qez1s8,"I really like not your mother's curl talk defining curl cream. It really keeps my hair from being frizzy, and defines my waves while making them soft."
missalyssa1080,qez1s8,The Knot Today conditioner is $15 for 8 oz so not CHEAP but affordable
mommafo,qez1s8,Your hair is adorable. Try a mousse (scrunch out the crunch after it dries) or a cream. A leave-in helps if you can!&&&Is that the big tub of green gel? I've never tried it.
neverseektotell,qez1s8,"Eco olive oil gel, dilute in hands with water then glaze over each side and the back then scrunch it in. Use a little at a time and add more if needed."
APlayer2BeNamedLater,qeysax,Same! Although my waves are so temperamental! Some days they’re super wavy and other days my hair is practically straight.
Hellosl,qeysax,What does shampoo do that wrecks curls? I’ve never stopped using shampoo but I have started to do stuff like adding a lot of product and plopping and stuff and that really makes a difference in my hair. What would stopping shampoo do?
Heyyayam,qeysax,"My hair is like yours - fine with a lot of it. I always thought it was straight but since I stopped washing with shampoo (I cowash with CG approved conditioner) and implemented some more CG methods I actually have defined waves, some curls and even some spirals underneath! It’s fun to see what your hair is capable of."
Sidepart_skinnyjean,qeysax,"My hair is very similar. I started following the cg method and it looks so much better! Less frizz and defined curls. It’s like someone else’s hair!

Edited to add: Also, you are beautiful!"
Snowstig,qeysax,"Came here to say this exact same thing!  Look into the CG method - you may have to modify some things to suit your waves, but it can make a difference! My hair looked like yours when I started CG, now I have loose ringlets in some places!"
euphoriclice,qeysax,Man. Even though it seems like a lot of work I'd love to have some curl or wave to my hair. 😘
jebnumbtoit,qeysax,"Wondering what to do about my hair? I feel it’s between straight & wavy (not sure which hair type). I often blow dry it and straighten some front pieces (otherwise weird curls). Hair is fine. Any ideas or advice is welcome :) (photo: air dried & unbrushed)&&&&&&Thanks so much! Good to know it’s worked for you :) think I’ll give it a go!&&&Thank you for the In-depth response! I need to figure out my hairs porosity… wonder if there’s a trick to figuring it out. My hair is usually pretty dry, but also hates loads of product (ends up looking like shit usually). I also find if I use a lot of conditioner it makes my hair feel so thin and greasy too. I usually use a sulfate free apple cider vinegar shampoo, and a moisturizing conditioner a few times out of the week. I also find brushing my hair ruins it sometimes.&&&That’s awesome to hear! Inspires me to give it a try :)&&&Why thank you haha! It’s air dried unbrushed, usually goes a bit frizzy, the front waves have a mind of there own 😆&&&Thanks for the advice, I do use some oils from time to time but it seems like my hair doesn’t absorb them well, and hair ends up greasy looking or weighed down. I will experiment!"
lemmonbelles,qeysax,"definitely try out the cg method. looks like you’ve got some slight waves trying to shine through but you may not be using the right products or styling techniques. your hair definitely looks a bit dry and frizzy, some hair oil would do wonders!"
marshmalhigh,qeysax,Do you mind telling how you tie your hair up at night? Your hair sounds like mine and I never thought of it being low porosity! I wanna try your method next time :)
mencryforme5,qeysax,"I think I have similar hair. 

Very fine but tons of it, low porosity. 

I can't be arsed to blow dry it and my hair doesn't like CG. I think it's because of the low porosity but it just really really hates styling from wet and/or gel. Co-washing was fine but my hair always looked greasy and it was never amazing.

My biggest hair issues are frizz, knots, and inconsistent wave pattern. Some days it looks like your pic, some days it looks 2B. 

Personally, what I do is I wash my hair at night and only tie it up to sleep when it's at least 85% dry. Water is the enemy. In the morning, I add about a golf ball size amount of mousse and scrunch, wait 15 minutes for that to dry and then SOTC. That's it. If it still looks wonky after SOTC, I tie it up in a bun for half an hour and then reevaluate. That usually does the trick. 

I think more than wave pattern/density, porosity is the real thing you need to know. Porosity will determine whether you can successfully air dry, use tons of products, etc.. What happens to me if I style from soaking wet, is that the weight of the water pulls my hair straight (which never happened to me before CG) and the product will trap the water preventing my hair from ever fully drying. So even a dime sized amount of gel on soaking wet hair means my hair will be straight, greasy-looking and sticky until I use a sulfate twice to get the gel out.

Where curl pattern and density factor in is that if you have fine hair and/or your hair is 2B or lower, than the effects of porosity can be heightened. If you have fine barely wavy high porosity hair and don't want to use products and still blow dry: your hair will look like shit. If you have fine barely wavy low porosity and want to use 4 handfuls of different products on soaking wet hair without blow drying: your hair will look like shit.

Everything else is just figuring out what kind of time and energy commitment you're willing to invest in your hair."
odkeo,qeysax,This is my dream hair omg it looks so good on you as well!!
trish3trish,qeysax,"I also have fine and slightly wavy hair. At the beginning I used to follow cgm and use stylers like gel, but the modified version works a lot better for my hair type. I prefer only using a little bit of curl cream on wash day, and I use shampoo+conditioner instead of cowashing. I dont plop my hair, but I twist my hair in a turbie twist towel. I also can get away with brushing out my waves on day two or three with a wide tooth comb."
whit_flinn,qeysax,"I have very similar hair, and mine I think is 2a. If I don’t do anything it looks like yours and if I use products and diffuse it gets larger S waves. They don’t stay long for me is the biggest down side and I have to refresh daily if I want them to stay. My advice would be to not go super crazy into products and try mostly lightweight gels and foams!"
cronicillnezz,qewdr5,"I've always blow dried my hair straight and it's a little puffy. If I step out in the rain for a minute my hair does this, should I do a wavy hair routine or does this just happen and doesn't mean it's wavy? Idk where to start ive never really taken good care of my hair.&&&"
84chimichangas,qevtd7,What is cowashing?
BirDuhbrain-89,qevtd7,"This was my hair about 10 yrs ago… 10yrs ago I stopped using conditioner and brushing my hair to detox my hair before putting dreads in. After a very painful 2 months of no condition I started to notice a change in how frizzy my hair is. It’s then that I learned that conditioner is kind of like a coating that will actually make you’re hair more frizzy unless using the conditioner frequently (I even kept conditioner in my locker at school so I could slick my hair) it was a hard break up but let me tell you letting the conditioner go was the best thing I could have done for my hair health. Fast forward, I went through many different shampoos and brushing routines after I ditched the conditioner before I found my perfect combo…. 1. I only use shampoo, something as “clean” from chemicals as possible (I use a bar shampoo) 2. I only was my hair every other or every 3rd day 3. I brush with a wide tooth wooden comb (wood does not conduct static which makes hair brittle) 4. I don’t brush every day… i go with the flow on this rule. If I’m pulling it up or if it just looks good messy I don’t brush, and like wise if the style I’m doing or just feeling it needs a good brushing I do. 5. I have a hair oil that I use on “frizzy”days or when it just feels dry. 6. Regular trims. 

I know exactly what you mean when you say Hagrid hair… now I have mermaid hair and it’s so easy to maintain. Low maintenance low cost."
Cold_Calligrapher76,qevtd7,This! Also try a wet brush in the shower to brush your hair while it has a lot of condition in it. This will make sure that you spread the conditioner to all strands.&&&Use a silk pillowcase. So much of hair frizz is caused by friction damage caused at night when our hair is rubbing against the pillow.
Elakia,qevtd7,"Very new to all this, but do you think your hair takes a long time to dry even compared to others with similarly thick hair? In addition to avoiding sunlight, do you also avoid using heat styling and keep your hair its natural color? If you get underwhelming results even after starting to use conditioners, you may have low porosity hair, meaning the protective layer of your hair is very sealed off. The bad news is that if you have this kind of hair, it's harder to get moisture in-- you may need to use steam/a bit of heat with your conditioners to really get anything to sink in. The good news is that once low porosity hair is finally moisturized, it should retain that moisture!"
Fine_Entertainment20,qevtd7,"My hair looked exactly like yours when I brushed it, would recommend to stop brushing it"
Impossible_Trip2491,qevtd7,"I have a tip!! When you put in conditioner, take sections of hair and brush in water with a brush and your fingers. You want to make your hair feel like seaweed before you rinse!! My hair completely changed when I started doing this!"
Jayne1909,qevtd7,"Try washing your hair upside down. I was surprised that this made a difference for me! 

Also, do a cold water rinse before you get out of the shower."
Luainedinburgh,qevtd7,"Hey, how often do you use the botox treatment and what brand it is? thanks :3"
Lululovesjb,qevtd7,"Guys please help me, i have lots of short flyaways, and my hair is Hagrid style most of the time, im being pressured to straighten my hair which i sincerely hate. Using ONLY this shampoo right now.&&&&&&Ok. Tried and true for most of what you said. Except for gel scrunch, Il try and see if it makes a difference.&&&You know i just recently used a hair mask from the same Loreal product above. I didnt see a squat of difference. Moreover, since i wanted to get the roots too i decided to slather them in, after a day, had acne on my scalp like hell. Il continue conditioning and post results.&&&🤣🤣🤣🤣 i never brush it. I know what you mean. This is how it looks. I usually roll my whole hair by hand and let the curl form. Its so thin yet puffy.&&&Thanks il try this!&&&I feel so sad sometimes when i see other girls having naturally straight OR wavy hair with no to few flyaways. My outer hair is basically like short pubes everywhere.. 

Will testing my hormones fix this? I would avoid the sun, thinking the heat is curling and drying them up even more.. 

But then i see other girls in the sun for a loooong time and no visible damage to their luscious hair. 

But despite all this frump, im NOT going to straighten my hair. For very good reasons.

Also i think my supplements i take regularly (iron, vitD, multivit, primrose oil, etc) dont seem to cause any change in my hair. My diet is also nothing extraordinary. Same same.&&&Ok👍&&&Hey! I used to curl them using satin clothes overnight. I loved them so much, they would last the whole day minus the flyaways by the end of the day. I just saw the robe curls method. Will give it a try next time. Thaaaanks.&&&I love the idea of slathering mayo. Ive tried pure olive oil, when it dried, it was veeery crunchy, tried flax seeds, very gooey, seems like it helped the flyaways. Il try mayo sometime!&&&I have only trimmed the ends. You know i never thought of getting a haircut cause i was so adamant in growing them long, they grow reaaaally slow and im happy to have finally long hair. The shorter the hair the more bushy it was 😹. So you just made me realize i need  some thinning. I appreciate it a lot.&&&What kind of mousse is popular? Like an all time favorite&&&Are you offended by my post? Haha. Your choice of wording is very angry. Its ok if you are, i understand. 
I just dont know how to take care of my hair so im asking advice here, for the first time.
 
if ive figured it out i wouldnt even post it. 


I don't have a surprised pikachu face at how my hair looks, this is something ive had for decades. 

What is curly girl method friendly? Exactly? Like im supposed to know that before posting anything? 

Oh sorry i didnt abide by the rules? 

Missing something? Youre not missing anything. Carry on if you dont have anything new to add. You sound so bitter, you remind me of certain people."
Sharingpicsofme,qevtd7,Does it have to be real silk? Or are the cheaper silk-ish caps enough
Sundowndusk22,qevtd7,"Do you thin out your hair? My hair used to do this when I had a specific cut. I have a lot of hair also, a good haircut suitable for your hair should get rid of the flyaways. 

Also, does your hair have any breakage? This is something to consider and you can correct it by finding a hair product to treat it."
WeAreStarless,qevtd7,"I'm giving you the benefit of the doubt so I'm not removing this comment for Reddiquette, but... this is not the way."
allu-jallu,qevtd7,"I'm genuinely confused. You're ONLY using a shampoo that's not even CGM-friendly and you're surprised your hair looks like this? Am I missing something? Like I know a lot of people have no access to electricity let alone haircare products but you never mention this? I'm honestly not sure whether someone can unironically make a surprised Pikachu face at why their hair is like that when they can't even bother using a conditioner, or if this is a shitpost, or if you're looking for haircare advice in a pre-industrial society."
awcurlz,qevtd7,"Ok so your hair is probably very curly and not just wavy. Maybe 2c. There is a curly girl starter routine in the curly hair sub that would be super helpful to you. mine is the same when I dry brush it but it's actually very curly/wavy.

If you are overwhelmed by the methods and descriptions, go to YouTube and search like starter cg method and you'll get a million videos showing basically the same thing. Much easier to digest than comments and posts on Reddit."
chronoventer,qevtd7,"What everyone else said; but also, stop using L’Oréal. It’s one of the worst drugstore brands. As I Am is amazing for curly hair, and not super pricey! But I unfortunately don’t know what other drugstore brands are ok. I haven’t done a ton of research."
corgisoulpower,qevtd7,Which chemicals are you specifically referring to as being “unclean”?
creambunny,qevtd7,"the advice you got here is great but I’d also add, watching some people with curls take care of/style their hair may be helpful for you. Like for example manes by Mel is a hair dresser that has videos of herself (tight curls), her sister (thicker looser curls), and two wavy types being styled on her youtube. Watching how they put products in, touch their hair, what types of product, moisture/protein balance, how to dry without frizz, etc. Dont be afraid to combine different products btw (monday shampoo, salon brand conditioner, shea moisture leave in etc)

Plus hair takes time. Nobody is born with knowledge about their hair lmfao. So don’t worry. We’ve all had that “messy knotted broke a hair brush as a kid” hair or still do lol. I remember googling how to remove frizz and getting images of straight thick hair after being flat ironed lol. Nobody tells you curls naturally have a little frizz around them and there aren’t billboards with “squish in your products. Crunch out the cast” lol"
damselinda,qevtd7,"I'd say use a co wash no sulfate shampoo for now, use some leave in and a styling product on wet hair or damp hair, plop it for maybe 10-15 minutes and diffuse."
foolishmouse,qevtd7,"My hair was the exact same way for so long! I would definitely suggest some conditioner, leave in conditioner, and mousse. Mousse has been the best for me personally in giving my fluffy frizzy hair better curl pattern :)"
howmanyusernames6,qevtd7,"My upper hair layers are similar texture to yours (quite coarse) and the only thing that has helped is moisture, moisture, and more moisture. I don't fully wash out my conditioner (I scrunch out the conditioner with wet hands in the shower), I cowash most of the time and clarify once per week, and I add leave in conditioner too."
lolo_liita,qevtd7,"Curly/wavy hair needs moisture. Use a conditioner and a leave on conditioner after shampooing. This will help your hair frizz less and encourage better curl pattern. If you want even more definition scrunch in some gel after you shower. Hair serum can also help tame frizz. Also, don’t brush through your hair once it’s dry, or run your fingers through it too much or it will get puffy. Only brush or comb wet hair."
mommafo,qevtd7,"Your ""Hagrid style"" explanation cracks me up! There's definitely some gorgeous texture in there just waiting to shine through. Deep condition, some kind of leave-in cream and gel or maybe a mousse. Doesn't have to be crazy expensive."
oh_the_places,qevtd7,I feel you. A better hair care routine is going to transform your hair. I'm excited for you to try it. Please try it. Look up the beginner guide on r/curlyhair - and report back! :)
opaul11,qevtd7,r/wavyhair
plzturnoffmybrain,qevtd7,"What helps me is taking time to rake the conditioner in, in sections, smoothing down the cuticle. I think this is called noodling. Taking my time with this and really smoothing each strand helps a lot with the courseness. I also think doing this helps the conditioner penetrate the hair shaft if your hair is non-porous. Good luck, your hair looks thick and healthy so I think it’s just a matter of taking the time to experiment and find the techniques and products that work for you."
same_subreddit_bot,qevtd7,"Yes, that's where we are.

---
^(🤖 this comment was written by a bot. beep boop 🤖)

^(feel welcome to respond 'Bad bot'/'Good bot', it's useful feedback.)
^[github](https://github.com/Toldry/RedditAutoCrosspostBot) ^| ^[Rank](https://botranks.com?bot=same_subreddit_bot)"
sh1nycat,qevtd7,"Get some conditioner, and the laziest way to add some definition is to spritz a spray gel on your dry hair and tousle it around so it doesn't look too crunchy. 

You would get great results, I bet, with some curl enhancing mousse and then a little spray gel."
smnytx,qevtd7,What is a hair Botox treatment??
space-cat-ghost,qevtd7,"Unsure if you got this answer yet, but the ION packets of deep repair conditioner from Sally's beauty supply is an absolute lifesaver combined with frizz ease. I am spanish and my hair is thick/wavy and sometimes has ringlets (for a minute before it poofs out)"
talks-like-juneee,qevtd7,"Can’t stress enough how important it is to use conditioner. And don’t just put it on the ends, get a huge glob and evenly distribute/scrunch it into your hair in the shower, this is called squish to condish. Let it sit on your head for a couple minutes while you wash your body etc. Then just make sure you spend enough time rinsing all of it out."
thecatch-22,qevtd7,"I love this hair texture, it has so much volume and potential for amazing waves/curls. As many of the commenters mentioned, it requires a moisturizer (every time you wash it, and occasionally in between washes), as well as not brushing it once it's dry. But what I think would work wonders is any kind of heatless curling method - robe curls being my favorite."
unicorns16,qevtd7,"totally second this - silk caps/pillowcases have worked miracles for me&&&okay I know this is super gross but I also have super thick hair which has a BUNCH of flyaways and this seems to work for me - 

I do a mayo hair mask (organic or natural if you can as it will contain olive oil) one or twice a week and I use a heavier based, moisturizing conditioner like shea on most days to help with the texture"
upset_baguette,qevtd7,"Can you get your hands on the suave essentials coconut conditioner? You could use it as a cowash and it might help with moisture and definition. That shampoo doesn't technically have sls or sles I don't think but based on the ingredients I saw it seems like it would be drying. It's also advertised as having Keratin which if you have course hair could definitely dry it out and make it brittle without enough moisture! 
I live in a super humid climate and it looks like you might too; it was impossible to stop my hair from looking like this if I went outside before I used gel, so like some other folks said some sort of hold product (if it's hot and humid where you are probably without glycerine would be important too) may make a huge difference.
Just my immediate thoughts on it though, I could be wrong hair is very individual!"
wifiwoman,qevtd7,"This used to be my hair but worse. I recommend a hair Botox treatment! It’s the only thing that worked along with:

- Applying coconut oil and olive oil on my hair weekly for at least a couple of hours 
- Regular trims 
- Do not brush hair. Use a wide tooth wooden comb if you need to. Be gentle with your hair. 
- Wearing a silk cap to bed (honestly amazing)
- Using microfibre towel to dry hair for a while and then using blow dryer on very low heat to finish&&&Definitely worth getting a full blood test and checking your hormones out. Better to detect things sooner than later."
FaithlessnessBest920,qet2ja,Omg your hair is gorgeous!
damselinda,qet2ja,Nice. Reminds me of Swavy Curly Courtney on YouTube hair
dontincludeme,qet2ja,Your first picture looks like a painting!
mommafo,qet2ja,"Second day ftw!&&&&&&Maui Moisture Lightweight Curls + Flaxseed shampoo and conditioner, rinsed with cold water. Generic It's a 10 Blonde Leave In, small amount of Curlsmith oil-in-cream, then Shea Moisture Curling Gel Soufflé on sections. Brushed through in sections, scrunched, trying to get good clumps and movement at the scalp. (Can't style upside-down, it's a hot mess) Micro-plopped the dripping ends, then air dried. Slept in a pineapple with a silk scrunchie and pillowcase. 

I've been learning my waves for about a year now, and I feel like I've hit a brick wall. I think my hair is high porosity, stopped coloring a couple months ago. Growing out my gray.&&&Ahhh I love Courtney!!&&&It's been tough finding the balance of enough/not too much moisture. I feel like my hair is so thirsty, but with some products it can feel like too much. The oil-in-cream is a new one for me, I've been playing with the amount. I have way too many products 😝&&&Oh my gosh, you're so nice! I was trying to get some better lighting without posing too much, I always feel so fake taking pictures of my hair. It's funny how much I'll like my hair when I look back at a photo! 😝"
throwaway_28894,qet2ja,"I thought the same thing! OP, you and your waves are gorgeous!"
vmartinipie,qet2ja,Amazing waves! It looks like we have similar hair so I'm def noting these products 📝
Isilkarmeo_,qepvyw,"I think your type is more curly 3a than wavy, looks nice but I would suggest to trim just a bit the ends"
WeAreStarless,qepvyw,"honestly, i think your waves / curls already look great! only the ends are looking a little thin. you see the bits where you can see your white shirt through your hair? i would recommend cutting that off, so your ends look as full and luscious as the rest of your hair"
blckrainbow,qepvyw,"Layers starting just below your ears to take some weight off and encourage curls to spring up and avoid the dreaded triangle hair, and a blunt cut for the very bottom part instead of a round one - those 'see through' strands will look neater and your hair will look fuller overall."
croton_goddess,qepvyw,Yes this! Find a salon or stylist who specializes in curly cuts. They should start by cutting it dry to observe and enhance your curl pattern. Switching to dry curly cuts really changed the game for my hair
damselinda,qepvyw,Looks nice. I'd say get rid of about 2 inches off bottom and just go with long layers.
existingfish,qepvyw,"My daughter has your exact hair type! EXACTLY! She is 6.

I just gave her some layers (ponytail cut method). I'm seeing how it will work out. 

She is not interested in going to the salon or getting a haircut right now. I have to braid it all the time though because otherwise it gets very tangled. After all, she is 6. 

Obviously I think your hair looks fabulous as is, you probably take better care of it than my 6  year old does."
honeycantaloupe,qepvyw,"Hair before washing (day 4), and after. How do I cut my hair so it suits my wave type?&&&&&&Thank you!
Some layers or a straight cut?&&&Thanks!

I used Rausch hypoallergenic shampoo, Jean & Len hair mask, Cantu moisturising curl activator (pea sized for my whole head) and Rausch styling gel strong. Argan oil to scrunch the gel out. 😊&&&Sometimes it looks like it, maybe they would spring up more when shorter. 
I also have no volume on top..&&&Thank you! 😊😊&&&None of those. I scrunch my products in. ✌"
krustycrocs,qepvyw,"If you want more volume/shape, go to a hairdresser who specializes in curly hair. They’ll likely give you some version of a deva or rezo cut with lots of layers to bring out the curls"
notpennysboat_,qepvyw,"You’re hair is beautiful! As the other poster said I would just trim the ends and leave it be!

What’s your routine?"
oatbevbran,qepvyw,Do you finger curl or Denman brush? So pretty!
seekingseratonin,qepvyw,My hair always looks like the before 😬
front_warrior,qen46n,"Is my hair straight or wavy?? I've always been told my hair is straight but I don't think so. As I've grown older, it seems to get wavier at the bottom and I feel like it's actually wavier and has more waves in it but idk..&&&&&&the first pic is today and I've oiled my hair with amla, coconut and castor oil (gonna shower in a few). I haven't shampooed my hair, just washed it with water a few days ago twice. I did shampoo it and used conditioner, few days before that. I never really use conditioner on it. The past few hairs I've had a lot of hairfall and it was pretty thick. Dandruff's an issue too, on days when I don't wash, there's a lot.. usually I'll just wash my hair first, and then use some shampoo. I'd wash it off, dry it with a hair drying cap. That's my usual routine, today's a good hair day in forever so yay!! But these days it hasn't been so great... My hair does get oily sometimes, but it's pretty dry. Most people advise to drink more water and not during meals but I drink a lot during meals tbh. Usually I wash it twice a week."
