index,id,comments
ElleDeeNS,lu1t7d,I just use some light Moroccan Oil.
Snowstig,lu1t7d,"What brand?  Is it CG?&&&I am also looking for a light oil to SOTC with that is curly girl friendly.  I just tried jojoba oil and it made my fine, low porosity 2a -2b waves super oily and I only used a couple drops.  Ended up putting my hair up and washing again the next day.  I had been using OGX penetrating argan oil and loved it, but it's not CG.  Maybe going to try pure argan oil, moringa oil, or vitamin e oil.  Anyone have experience with any of those?"
blckrainbow,lu1t7d,"None, just hands!"
lazyeggg,lu1t7d,What's your favorite oil to scrunch out the crunch?&&&
mini_khaleesi,lu1t7d,Olaplex
neverseektotell,lu1t7d,I like sweet almond but you have to be super light
uwuoona,lu1t7d,"I have heard that jojoba oil is the closest to the oil your body naturally produces, so I use that on my hair. It’s also good for skin and nails!"
Creative-Damage404,ltxmai,"Heeelp how do I keep my hair out of my face while it’s drying?&&&&&&My routine was pre condition and detangle with the rest of my Free and Clear conditioner, shampoo and scrub the roots with Free and Clear Shampoo, Condition with Suave Essentials Coconut, Squish, brush, squish, leave to soak a few minutes, wash out, squish a quarter size dollop of Cantu Shea Butter leave-in into my hair and brush through, squish some more, squish a palmful Free and Clear gel into my hair, scrunch with a cotton tee and the plop for 10 minutes before leaving it to air dry. This is a new technique I’m trying and so far it’s working to give me some pretty tight waves compared to my normal texture. 
Sadly my hair keeps getting in my face and I push it out of the way and end up messing the waves up x.x&&&Can you link me to a set on amazon I’m not sure which ones are considered root clips."
Ima_Jenn,ltxmai,"Root clips.

Mine look like these. You want Double Prong (no bar between prongs).
https://www.amazon.com/dp/B07YN3NTGN/ref=cm_sw_r_cp_apa_fabc_GSHC4YQ9V7RZ9KBHEKGY?_encoding=UTF8&psc=1"
helliebell3,ltxmai,Try root clipping! I like using small jaw clips; it helps me get some volume and keep it out of my face.
Dollparts___,ltwyee,Try a wide tooth comb. I find brushing definitely makes my hair way more frizzy and I can’t wear it down if I do!
Istinline,ltwyee,"I brush in the shower to distribute conditioner and then use a denman brush to style. 

I know some curlies who dry brush before they wash. Hair is weakest when it is wet so the idea is to detangle while your hair is strong to avoid breakage. 

GenaMarie on Instagram has a process when she dry detangles with oil before shampoo but she has higher porosity hair."
PersonUsingComputer_,ltwyee,"To Brush or Not to Brush&&&Hi, I have long wavy hair. These days I never brush my hair, but I finger detangle when conditioning in the bath. Should I be brushing my hair? Will brushing make my hair more frizzy or less frizzy?"
PokeballGrinder,ltwyee,"I only brush outside of the shower if I'm going to be straightening my hair, it makes it very frizzy initially. Otherwise I keep a tangle teaser in the bath for when I condition."
-kidsonleashes-,ltwq6y,"I have the same issue, but straight on top. I would like to know as well."
Istinline,ltwq6y,"It’s very common to have different patterns on your head. The underside layer can sometimes be lower porosity and less damaged than the top layer. This means sectioning and using different products for your top and bottom layer could help as they will likely need different things. 

Have you tried styling with a brush or upside down or using a hard hold gel? These methods may help encourage more uniformity with your curls. 

Good luck!"
drkengard,ltwq6y,"Hair is curly on top but straight on bottom&&&I shampoo every time I shower because my hair gets oily and weighed down often, but only use a clarifying shampoo once every three weeks or so (Even the clarifying wash doesn’t fix the straight hair). 
Then I condition or deep condition, squish to condish, then squish in Knot Today leave in cream and rinse out any excess. 
After I get out of the shower, I squeeze a bit of extra water out of my hair, then I apply Not Your Mother’s curl talk cream and Curls Blueberry Bliss gel while my hair is very wet. Then I’ll plop for about 10-15 minutes, take my hair out, neaten/arrange it a little, and air dry.
When my hair is still damp, I’ll diffuse it. I diffuse the bottom layer too. 
But no matter what, the bottom layer of my hair always comes out straight. ): 
I’ve been trying out different products, so the post shower cream and gel are in a trial phase right now. 

Has anyone else seen/experienced this issue and found a way to get volume and curls there?&&&I never considered using different products before. I do have a hard hold gel, so I’ll try using more of that on the bottom layer. I could try curling sections around my finger to hopefully make it hold shape. I was using prayer hands but now that I think about it, that’s probably straightening out the bottom layer even more. 

What kind of products do you think would be better for the top vs the bottom layer? My hair gets weighed down pretty easily (type 2B hair with high porosity).  
Also, by styling with a brush, do you mean a denman brush?&&&It’s really a struggle!! I’ll let you know if I find any good ways to help fix it"
eline7,ltwq5f,Crossposting to see if any fellow wavies out there have any advice 🙂&&&&&&The “routine” is explained in the curly hair sub! 🙂
heathgamb,ltwq5f,Your hair is gorgeous! What styling products do you use?
elleresscidee,ltugmh,"Products with water soluble silicones?&&&I've noticed that since I totally removed silicones from my hair routine, my waves have gotten nicer, my hair feels moisturized, but my frizz levels are a little out of control. I've always dealt with frizz, but not to this level. I can kinda control the frizz by using lots of product, but this causes really fast build up, as I need to add more every day. I've tried glycerin-free products too, but I could still use some help. Just as an experiment, I returned to my old shampoo and conditioner (Redken Frizz dismiss) for a wash day. My waves definitely aren't as nice, but the frizz is so much better! I've been reading up on the benefits and differences between different types of silicones, and I think I'd like to give a product a try that has water-soluble silicones in it.  Any suggestions? I'm thinking I'd like to try a leave-in conditioner, but I'm open to suggestions! Also, I *think* my hair does better without proteins, but I'm still struggling to figure this piece out.

Routine:
-Cowash with Suave Tropical Coconut Conditioner every 4ish days  
-Clarify every 3-4 washes with Suave Clarifying Shampoo  
-Leave-in conditioners: I have Curls Blueberry and Kinky Curly Knot Today...I think the Kinky Curly (no protein) is better for my hair, but they both seem to enhance the waves to some extent  
-Scrunch with Tresemme TRES gel, extra firm, with a t-shirt  
-Air dry and scrunch out the crunch&&&Thank you! Yes, I started with the Blueberry bliss leave-in because I thought I needed protein, and then I got the Kinky Curly one to see if I just needed moisture and no protein. I was having trouble figuring out whether I need protein or not because my hair doesn't seen to fit well into any of the descriptions I read. I *think* it does slightly better without, so I'm going that route and I'll see how it goes!"
ftr-mmrs,ltugmh,"Curl Junkie Curls in a Bottle is a styling gel that is glycerin-free, protein-free and has a peg modified cone. Curl Junkie Beauticurl Leave-in is also glycerin and protein free.

BTW, Curls Blueberry Bliss Leave-in has protein, but the Curls Blueberry and Coconut Hair Milk does not."
-kidsonleashes-,ltthtt,They do free samples of you haven't already tried them.
emanamirali,ltthtt,"Jessicurl help&&&Hello everyone, I'm deciding between the Rockin ringlets and spiralicious and wanted everyone's opinions. I have 2A fine wavy oily hair that doesn't like super crunchy products. I like being minimal so I'm not sure if I should order both or one. Any suggestions?"
marblehead23,ltthtt,"I got more crunch with the Spiralicious than the   Rockin Ringlets, and Rockin Ringlets also has a thinner consistency. That being said, I have a lot of hair and it’s more on the coarse side (I think I probably have 2b or 2c waves though). So I’m not sure if you’d have the same experience with the products. You might already know this, but they offer a couple sample sizes if you just want to try them (a small “packet” size or a small bottle). Good luck!"
mother-of-bugs,ltthtt,I'd suggest getting all of their free sample packets. You just have to pay for shipping. Then you can try them all without committing yet. 😊
xcptnl55,ltthtt,I use both.  Rockin ringlets first then spiralicious.  Rocking ringlets does not have enough hold for me.
EveningChallenge1160,lto889,"Back vs. front waves, help? I’m in the beginning of curly process and my hair seems to have two different textures.Why is the back of my hair holding curls and the front of my hair messy, flat, frizzy? Makes my confidence real bad. Any help would be appreciated! Thank you!&&&"
GothAdjacent,lto889,Did you used to style the front of your hair differently or more? Did you heat style or just happen to brush it more before starting?
vmartinipie,lto889,"A couple options, hard to know without more details about your routine and application techniques:

-Your hair is more damaged in this area 

-You are applying more product to the back of your hair due to your method

-You might simply need more product or to do finger coiling or another method there to get the same results, due to damage or just mixed curl pattern"
whit_flinn,lto889,Your hair looks like it needs more conditioner/moisture to me. Can you post routine?
-kidsonleashes-,ltixqx,"Mine did this because of a lack of protein, but there are a lot of different reasons. 

What is your routine?"
ImnotwhoIm_,ltixqx,Frizz&&&Why does my hair become frizzy after washing and conditioning&&&I don't really have a routine. I just oil when hair feels dry and wash when feels dirty.
aceshighsays,ltir6q,"Just discovered this sub and not sure where to start&&&Recently I learned that my hair has 2 textures - 1b bottom layer, 2b/c? top layer. it looks similar to the first picture but tighter curl https://www.reddit.com/gallery/ltbycj. the bottom layer gets greasy, but the top does not. the top gets very frizzy and puffy, the bottom does not. low porosity. My hair is past my elbows. 

I've always used a straightener. i'm going grey and will need to start dying my hair. i got a random shampoo at a discount at bed bath and beyond years ago and have been using it. i don't do anything to my hair besides shampoo and then condition. I'm not looking to spend a lot of money.

Where should I start? My goal is to have defined/pretty curls - i really like her hair https://imgur.com/a/KMyl7WX. 


thanks!"
awesomegingergirl,ltcwll,"My waves seem better in the evening them during the day. Any idea why that might be? (Excuse the poor pic)&&&&&&Routine: wash with Shea moisture shampoo, condotion with tresemme perfectly undone conditioner, use Cake the Whip Smart leave-in, plop for a few min, add herbal essences totally twisted gel, then diffuse."
adrii_08,ltbycj,"Wow wow wow my hair NEVER shaped this beautifully 😭&&&&&&Use Giovanni Shampoo and conditioner for damaged hair and apply it upside down

Style while wet 

Spray Shea Moisture Leave in conditioner for damaged hair and comb it through

Apply BounceCurl curl cream and comb it through

Lastly apply BounceCurl light cream gel and scrunch through my hair

Air dry&&&Thank you!&&&Righttt&&&I couldn’t believe it either!"
hauntedfollowing,ltbycj,So beautiful! I can't believe you got this without a denman brush 😍
innerlight42,ltbycj,Looks amazing!
maddylucy,ltbycj,I love it when you get little ones like this! I wish my hair did it all over and without help haha
Istinline,ltalnr,"Shampoo: Flora and Curl Superfruit Shampoo and Noughty’s Detox Dynamo

Conditioner: My Soigné Protein Leave In, Flora and Curl Leave In, Ecoslay Rice Pudding Conditioner, Curlsmith Hydro Crème

Stylers: Treluxe Curl Serum and Hi Definition Gel, Ecoslay Orange Marmalade and Jello Shot, Curlsmith products when the dew point is perfect. 

Misc.: Ecoslay Matcha Boost protein treatment, scalp scrubber, wet plopping with shower cap, denman brush, silk pillowcase and bonnet.&&&They are so good! I love the company and I haven’t been disappointed by any of their products."
Ladonnacinica,ltalnr,I’m keeping an eye on this question. I have low porosity hair too.
Old-Neighborhood-792,ltalnr,"Never heard of Ecoslay but the products seems to be very well liked on their website. Been looking for a light protein treatment since I don't know yet if my hair likes protein or not but I want to strengthen it.&&&How do you know if your hair likes the protein or not? This is a way of strengthening you hair right?&&&I tried the shea moisture manuka honey and yogurt hydrate and repair,  but I didn't see no results that's why I was curious as to what your hair suppose to feel look like after a protein treatment. People seem to like the blueberry bliss leave in which has protein in it, but I've never tried it. I'm going to try the palmer's coconut oil deep conditioning protein pack today and see what that does. Not sure if it cgm approved."
SweetNSauerkraut,ltalnr,"My hair is low porosity, coarse, high density, 2c and hates protein. My holy grail is uncle funky’s daughter curl magic. It’s a great one and done styler and it makes my hair dry faster. Some people get flash drying due to the aloe in it."
Zeretaaa,ltalnr,"Low porosity wavies - what are your favourite products?&&&What are your favourite shampoos, conditioners, leave-in conditioners, mousses, gels, creams, methods/techniques etc to maximise definition without weighing down your cuticles?&&&Do you still wash your hair daily since buying bar shampoo?&&&How do you plop without disrupting your wave pattern?&&&What’s flash drying? I don’t think I’ve ever tried any products with aloe Vera in them but that sounds promising cause aloe is light&&&I think it does but I’m not sure. I’ve never tried any formulated protein treatments, just rice water treatments at home. I do these about once a month and I feel like my hair enjoys it? I use the Garnier banana and shea butter hair mask which I’m assuming is high in protein and my hair enjoys it as long as my scalp is clarified. Do you have any protein product recommendations?&&&I think it’s supposed to define your curls / waves, Ive heard its very important to moisturise adequately after cause it can dry out your hair if not&&&Let me know what you think after trying"
goldengirlsmom,ltalnr,"Bar shampoo. I recently bought the viori shampoo i kept seeing on Facebook thinking maybe it was scammy, and to my surprise I absolutely love it. As someone who washes her hair daily because I wake up and feel greasy plus bedhead, this stuff has totally transformed my weighed down hair. Trust me, I've tried expensive stuff and lots of products before.

Other than that I just do a little bit of gel when it's still wet and diffuse it."
rmg1102,ltalnr,"I have semi-fine medium density low porosity hair

I LOVE the NYM blue sea kale coconut water conditioner - I have yet to try the shampoo bc it’s was sold out at my Ulta. 

My favorite styler is MA Cake Curl Mousse I great definition without weighing my hair down. I also have the MA Cake Curl Cream which I usually use when air drying

I have the blueberry bliss leave in and I really like it - I use a pea size amount and warm it in my hands on soaking wet hair. It really helps with clumping! It has some protein in it and I think it’s the only protein product I use - idk if I should try others haha. 

I have the Miss Jessie’s jelly soft curls and I still don’t know how to feel about it. I get good definition but wish I had tried a hard hold gel as my first gel - this one doesn’t give me a great cast and my hair really seems to like having a cast. I find this gel works better when I use wet hands and emulsify the gel. 

Technique wise - I try to squish water out at all stages of application. Even doing that I still apply my products to soaking wet hair. Both wet plopping and microplopping help cut my drying time. I pixie diffuse because it helps my hair shrink up (it’s long) and seems to go by faster."
snarktini,ltalnr,"I'm 2b/c, fine, extremely dense, low porosity. 

My hair is super thirsty and -- despite weekly deep deep conditioning with heat -- is barely ever moisturized enough, so that dictates most of my choices. My hair needs moisture but if I lock it in it will NEVER DRY.  I want some definition generally but prefer volume. Oh, and my hair doesn't like protein very much either. That's what I'm working with. 

Typically damp application is my friend. Wet application gives me better definition and curl, but the dry time is ridiculous. Plopping for 5-10 minutes before adding gel is the best compromise. I go back and forth and have been in a wet-style phase, using less hydrating stylers like Rockin Ringlets and Spiralicious, but I'm about to switch back. 

My love-hate is Ecoslay Orange Marmalade. It is the absolute best enhancing, one-and-done styler I've found. And it doesn't weigh me down if I stick to a few (3-5) pumps. But it does massively increase my drying time. 😢 

When I need a detangler without weight, the NYM Tahitian or Desert Melon sprays are the lightest I've found. Jessicurl Deep Condition and Ecoslay Banana Creme are great for deep hydration without weight or protein. Curl Junkie Repair Me for protein and mega slip. Personally, I find that conditioner doesn't weigh down my hair at all and in fact gives me bigger, bouncier waves. It's the stylers I have to go light on!&&&Let me just say that I am completely opposed to buying anything for my body, face, or hair that has to be refrigerated and has a short shelf life so i avoided Ecoslay at first...but once I tried they won me over. Their stuff is definitely worth storing in my fridge. (And I do like that the short shelf life means there's hardly anything in it. I'm not afraid of chemicals by any means but fewer, natural ingredients is ideal.)

If you don't know if your hair likes protein, you could start with a bottle of Neutral Protein Filler at the beauty supply store. You add it to your existing products, and it's a really cheap way to experiment with how much and where to use it. For example, I've learned my hair can only tolerate protein in rinse-out products. Just be careful with it. Use only a few drops at first, and mix your conditioner/gel with the NPF in your hand or a bowl. Never add it to the bottle. You can use more in rinse-out products than leave-in."
whatififififif,ltalnr,I'm a big fan of the Shea Moisture Low Porosity Leave In
zillarillazilla,ltalnr,"Low porosity, but my hair loves protein. 

WASH DAY (every 2-3 days):

-NYM coconut water shampoo 

-S2C with tresseme aloe & coconut

-pulse/scrunch in gel, usually it’s aloe vera gel but I’m working through a jar of Kinky Curly curling custard right now 

-pulse/scrunch NYM curl talk mousse

-mini plop in a t-shirt or microfiber towel for about 5-10minutes

-if diffusing, I use the hammock method

REFRESH:

-rewet hair with handfuls of water, spraying it just makes it frizzy

-NYM refreshing foam (I did use up a bottle of Mixed Chicks foam, it was fine - but this is cheaper and I like the smell) 

PROTEIN MASK:

-1x every 2-4 weeks ish 
-Hask has been my favorite, I’ve also tried curls blueberry bliss and Ecoslay matcha boost"
092793,lt87mv,"Accepting my 2A hair&&&&&&Routine: wash and condition with deva curl low poo ans conditioner for wavy hair. Head and shoulders Shea butter seal and prep to detangle, plop. Scrunch with totally twisted mousse while wet. Once damp I scrunch through not your mother's Curl Talk defining cream or or suave max hold sculpting gel 8. On 2nd day hair I use not your mother's foaming curl refresh and redkin windblown hairspray. I have oily fairly low porosity hair so I can't go more than a day or 2 without washing."
SeramaChickens,lt7a55,"I feel your pain!!!

I even got a perm thinking it would help.  The top is STILL less wavy than the bottom.  It's always in my eyes and never looks good.  I've tried at least $100 in products the last 6 months.  I'm naturally grey so straightening it burns it and makes it yellow.  I would give up and shave my head but I don't want shot hair.  I'm just too old to keep trying!!"
goldengirlsmom,lt7a55,I just commented on another post that I started using viori bar shampoo and what a difference its made. My hair feels CLEAN and I dont wake up with super greasy hair anymore.
ocpms1,lt7a55,I have 2A/2B that is super fine and sweating head that greases up fast but dry ends.  I have to shampoo daily.  Trying all kinds of products.  My maybe biggest problem is I hate to spend more than 15 minutes.  Suggestions that dont break the bank are appreciated here also!
thefr0stypenguin0,lt7a55,"So, I've posted soemthing similar before but for me CGM was the DEATH of my hair. I have have fine 2a/2b (with some work its gotten closer to 2c)   


My hair CRAVES protein. Loves sulfates. The best thing I ever did was stop following CGM strictly and take the parts that worked best for me and created my own routine. I can post if you want my routine, but I'm still trying new products as well to see whats the best."
uwuoona,lt7a55,"Ever feel like giving up?&&&I have 2a/2b waves and I feel like they are so slight that trying to take care of them based on CGM feels like overkill. My results rarely look good, just sort of stringy, frizzy sad lil waves. I’m starting to fall down the product “hole” so to speak and I don’t want to keep buying products that don’t work well for me. Any wavies ever feel the same? 😞&&&Yeah I’d love to hear what works for you! I’m thinking of removing the gel aspect of the method so I can run a brush through it every day. I’m just not getting the definition I want using it and I’ve tried two so far, both very different formulations&&&Same, it takes sooo much time! And then my hair stays wet all day. Just doesn’t feel like it works for me. I watched [this video](https://youtu.be/nxOtXwFZlpY) and now I think I’m going to focus on liquid moisturizers rather than curl creams and gels. I picked up the Giovanni Ultra Moist at TJ Maxx today for six bucks! Hair, I won’t give up on you.&&&I’m sorry to hear that!! When I thought my hair was straight and didn’t style it, it looked better in my opinion. I style on and off now, basically whenever I have the energy to put into it. But I’ve just always wanted luscious curls so a little voice keeps telling my to try again 😭&&&That’s great! Yeah the build up from doing CGM is no joke. After cutting sulfates and going low-poo I can actually go longer without washing IF I don’t use stylers. Once I use a styler, I’ve got two days max before my scalp starts screaming 😫"
emanamirali,lt790u,"Lightweight gel help&&&Hello, any recommendations for lightweight gels that won't make hair crunchy and won't weigh my 2A hair down. Looking for cheap products in case they don't work out."
smcurls,lt790u,Have you tried foam/mousse? That may be better suited for your hair texture and the light hold you are looking for.
softblackstar,lt790u,"In my experience, gels often create a crunchy cast, which you can scrunch out once your hair is fully dry. I currently use Aussie Instant Freeze, and my hair feels soft after scrunching out the cast."
Istinline,lt6pzh,"You can repair damage from bleach with a bond treatment. Olaplex 3 or Curlsmith Bond repair are the only two I know of on the market. 

You’ll want to seal in your hair with a gel, you could also layer it over a cream or mousse or oil. The possibilities are endless and really dependent on your porosity and texture.

Manes by Mel on YT colors her hair, has curly hair, and is a stylist by trade. She’s a great resource so I would check her out."
rdagz_,lt6pzh,Balayage + Frizz&&&Hi everyone! I’m new to this sub and SO happy I found it! So please forgive me if this has been addressed already: What products are helpful to fight frizz brought on by hair bleach? I had my hair balayaged last year and I fought the frizz all summer long. I like to air dry in the summer but it was absolutely impossible with the humidity. I looked like a blonde poodle! Any advice and or products that help fight the frizz are gladly accepted’&&&Thank you so much! 😊
Shelby382,lt6bpo,Can I ask where you got your shirt? Its so cute!
booksforlunch,lt6bpo,"Definitely going to check it out, thank you!"
boom_bunny,lt6bpo,"This is perfect! I always suffer from a dry itchy scalp and thought that this is just my life now. 

Will def be trying this out next product shake up."
boredbitch2020,lt6bpo,"Oh good I need this. I've used facial cleansing oil in my hair, it was nice for the scalp, but it really didn't have a long term effect"
elisaren,lt6bpo,"NYM Curl Talk Scalp Care Cleansing Oil is the miracle product I never knew I needed (routine in comments)&&&&&&I've been dealing with a lot of product build-up lately and had a run of several pretty bleh wash days in a row.  I clarified a couple of times ( I typically clarify every couple of weeks), but it dried out my hair and I ended up with a very dry and itchy scalp.  Was just browsing at CVS and saw this scalp care cleansing oil from NYM.  I've used it for two wash days now, and wow!!! My hair has never felt so clean, light, and soft.  My waves are so much bouncier while still retaining definition, and I'm happy with the volume.  Last time I used this product, I was even able to add a day more than usual between washes because my hair still felt so light and clean. The scalp itchiness has practically disappeared.

I would normally feel weird urging people to go out and buy anything, especially because I tend to get caught up in the illusive chase of holy grail products, spend too much money, and fill up my bathroom with half-used bottles, but I know that product build-up can be a big issue for wavies, so I wanted to let you all know how helpful this was for me.

Routine: Apply and scrub in NYM Scalp Care Cleansing Oil.  Wash hair with Giovanni 2Chic Ultra-Revive Shampoo (a fairly moisturizing shampoo, so as not to strip my hair too much). Condition with Hask Biotin Boost Conditioner.  Comb through with wet brush.  Apply Aussie Insta-Freeze gel with praying hands.  Comb through with wet brush again.  Scrunch in a bit more gel on each side.  Air dry.&&&Ah yay, I'm so glad to hear you're liking it! Yes, I love the pointed tip, it's crazy what a difference it makes for actually penetrating through the layers of hair to the scalp. And i was so surprised and impressed with how well it lathers, too. Hope it continues to work well for you!&&&Thanks! I got it on sale from Madewell in 2019."
jeansqueen,lt6bpo,"The whole NYM Curl Talk line is fantastic. I’ve recently been incorporating more products from it (currently use the leave-in, defining cream, and either the gel or the mousse) and my hair is loving it. I definitely want to try this cleansing oil. Your hair looks amazing!"
tanyamothertucker,lt6bpo,"Thanks for the review! Ulta had NYM buy one get one 50% off. I wish I’d seen this now I have to go back!&&&I ended up buying the NYM Cleansing oil because a) I’m suggestible and b) B1G1 50% off!

I really really like it! The tip is pointed so you can direct the poo directly to your scalp. I have more hair than a human really needs so this was especially helpful. I had some sore spots on my scalp and the peppermint was very soothing. It lathers like a boss but my hair didn’t feel dried out. I could even finger detangle with the shampoo on my hair.

Thanks for the post! I’m glad I bought it!"
tr3kkie9rrl,lt6bpo,Oooh I’ve been debating getting this because my scalp is angry and sad
