index,id,comments
WeAreStarless,nzbb89,">I’m not sure how well they will hold up through play/life

this might be a controversial opinion, but does that... matter? they're 1 and 3, i can't imagine that they care about how their hair looks? i see that you've written in the caption that you use a curl cream and then diffuse, and that seems like a lot to me for such littles"
doodgaysir,nzbb89,"My daughters hair— any product suggestions?&&&&&&My girls are both super littles! I have known they had wavy hair for a long time, but I’m not sure how well they will hold up through play/life because if their curls are like mine, they are super fragile. I also don’t know how not brushing will go between baby messes! Anyone have any tips/suggestions/product recommendations?&&&You’re a life saver!! Thank you, that’s what I was looking for 😁"
tquinn04,nzbb89,"Mom to a curly hair kid here! I do have a routine for my  2 year old. It’s basically a super quick and modified version of what I do for myself. I wash my sons hair every other day or every couple of days with suave kids naturals 3 in 1. Condition once a week with a love beauty planet conditioner. Detangle with Shea moisture for kids coconut and hibiscus detangle spray. Then I brush thru with a toddler denman brush then brush up and out to form curl clumps. Last I use either a gel or curl cream and scrunch it in with a microfiber hair towel. I always air dry. I leave his hair alone between wash days unless we have a special occasion then I’ll refresh with the detangle spray. 

Since your girls have longer hair I would use protective hair styles like loser braids or just a pony tail to help with the tangles."
MitchelltheBitchell_,nz9bhj,"I think my hair is over-moisturized due to high humidity... recommendations??&&&&&&I think my hair is fine, medium-high density, not sure what porosity... 

I started playing around with CGM (not super strictly though) this spring. I live in a place with super hot, humid summers but this spring was oddly dry. I’m now realizing what was working at first may not work through the summer!! 

This was my first attempt with a very hard hold gel (Harry’s). I used it over Curls Blueberry Bliss leave-in after using Hask Keratin protein masque. I the plopped and kept the plop overnight (while this previously worked well for me, I think I might need to stop this during sticky months too). I took this yesterday morning, and the waves in this picture have since fallen out. 

Previously I have gotten more definition and hold using Jelly Soft Curls, which is supposed to be a light hold gel... 

The issue js obviously not just a lack of protein, since I used the Hask Keratin treatment. The first time I used this I had my best results!!! I just think it wasn’t sufficient or it has too much moisture counteracting the benefits in this dang humidity.  

Last week I also tried using some Lily of the Desert Aloe Gelly that I already had on hand for my skin and I think that also contributed to my over-moisturized state? 

Other products I use are Neutrogena anti-residue about every other week, Aveeno Rose Water & Chamomile Sensitive & Soft shampoo or Verb ghost shampoo, NYM Naturals Tahitian Gardenia & Mango butter conditioner. I’ve also used the Ouai Air Dry Foam since my mom gave it to me for wash-and-go days. Usually the day before wash day I use at least one of the following: Verb Ghost Oil (sparingly) when I really need some slip or frizz control, and got2b beach trippin “salt” spray, ogx argon oil dry shampoo, or Aquage finishing spray if I do a half-up-half-down or ponytail or something. Those styling products are not CGM, but I don’t want to waste the products if they’re not absolutely causing a problem. Plus, I low-poo and clarify fairly regularly. If any of those raise red flags for anyone I will gladly put them away though!!!


Edit: I got distracted before positing and forgot to lay out my main questions... 

What products in my routine can I keep if I think that the humidity+humectants are causing my hair to be overly-moisturized? 

And what are some replacements for the ones that need to be shelved until it gets less humid?

Thank you in advance to anyone who made it through this long post!!&&&Yeah as I mentioned that a lot of the products I have aren’t CGM, but I had them before I started. I shampoo regularly and only use a small amount when needed. I think I agree about the Hask mask... any idea what protein treatment might work better?

And that is an interesting thought about plopping overnight. My hair takes way longer to dry in the plop but it keeps a nice shape... I kinda figured it might be keeping too much moisture in it for too long... I should definitely play with different drying methods&&&Thank you!! They do actually look nice there, but there was no cast at all and they fell out right away :("
rapunzlvr,nz9bhj,Gorgeous long curls!!
somethingelse19,nz9bhj,"Pretty sure the ghost oil has silicones in it. 

Plopping removes moisture but if you do it over night, you're likely removing too much moisture from your hair. 

I think the Hask protein treatment is too moisturizing for your hair. If you have a lot left, don't leave it in as long as you previously have. It has a lot of oils that can weigh down waves and fine loose curls."
HistorySquirrel,nz81fe,Yes but varying amounts on different days lol. You have awesome length! I’m trying to grow mine out to see what happens. Definitely still in the exploration and testing phase!
Sleepyjesuss,nz81fe,Is your hair naturally wavy?&&&&&&Growing my hair past 4 inches was honestly awful haha. I looked like a chia pet and wasn't happy with it until it got to my shoulders. You got this!
Ciracy,nz4y76,"Me too! I've refused to do the big chop and quit my blonde highlights (the only non-CG thing I still do), but this makes me want my natural color and health back to see how much easier my curls/waves would form!"
Disirregardlessly,nz4y76,Your hair is absolutely gorgeous. Your routine is working well for you… total hair goals!! Nice work 😊
EyeJuice,nz4y76,"Finally found a solid routine and which products work best. Pictures after a clarifying wash and deep condition.&&&&&&Hair type: fine, dense, 2a-2c waves, low to medium?porosity

Routine: this was the morning after a clarifying wash and deep condition. 
- shampoo with neutrogena anti residue shampoo (clarify once every 3-4 weeks)
- Deep condition with Sheamositure Manuka honey and Mafura oil masque, left on for 15 mins and s2c to rinse out
- Sheamoisture miracle leave in, apply upside down (glaze/squish/rake) and brush through with denman, flip up and brush back with denman 
- Dippity do curl defining creme (new product for me and I love it!), apply right side up (glaze/squish/rake) and brush through with denman, flip hair upside down and brush through with denman to get clumps and squish up
- Glaze and squish herbal essences totally twisted mousse upside down and upright to each side (I go upright to get a part going and have the back clumps fall a bit)
- Glaze and squish Aussie instant freeze gel upside down and to each side
- Plop for 45 mins 
- Let dry for rest of evening, Medusa clip overnight and in the morning take out clips and sotc - take these pics!

I don’t always use the same products but I have others I really like. I wash my hair on Wednesday late afternoons and a late afternoon on a weekend (usually Sunday). Shampoo I usually do two washes with as I am coconut co-wash, and then one with Sheamoisutre African black soap dandruff. Tresemme botanique is my usual conditioner. I also occasional use the sheamoisture yogurt and honey protein treatment. I alternate between the sheamoisture leave in mentioned above and as I am leave in. I also have deva curl wavemaker that I like.

I used to think my hair needed lots of protein and not much moisture, but I’m actually finding its much better without too much protein and more moisture. I’m getting more shine and definition without compromising volume. The biggest game changers for me have been the denman brush, using the above mousse and gel combo, and plopping.&&&Thank you ☺️&&&Thank you ☺️&&&Thanks! 😊&&&Thanks! I’m actually growing it out from a pixie (pre-covid) and due for a trim. I ask for lots of layers, including a short top layer that’s much shorter than someone with straight hair probably would get. I also have been getting it shorter in the back on the bottom layer since that curls the most when I wash it, but stretches out on subsequent days and can look a bit mullet-y. But this is becoming less of an issue as it gets closer to my shoulders and I now want to grow that bottom layer out more. Last time I went in I got curtain bangs too but they’ve gotten quite long and I think I’ll keep growing them for at least a few months as getting all my hair up and out of my face/neck is important for me. The last few times she’s used a razor but I think I will request she doesn’t use that anymore.&&&Thank you 😊"
PartiallyPanda,nz4y76,Love the curls and the color!!
aneaverson,nz4y76,Hi! Your haircut is gorgeous - I’m getting mine done next week and just wanted to know what you ask for when getting it cut? Thanks :)
hihelloneighboroonie,nz4y76,"Ooh, this is making me want to cut my hair."
innerlight42,nz4y76,"Wow, it looks amazing!"
obeisant-hullabaloo,nz4y76,What kind of denman brush?
rachel_lavon,nz4y76,WOW. That is some seriously beautiful hair
TastyAlpacasRUs,nz3de3,"Protein Free Hair Gel (Or Little)&&&To the wavy hair community,

What are your recommendations for protein free (or little protein) hair gels that won't break the bank? Also ones that can be bought in store so that I can just experiment easily. 

I have a Fred Meyers (warehouse-like store) and a Safeway in town so those are my two options.

My conditioner is loaded with protein and I think I'm coming to realize that a big reason I have frizzy hair, and rough feeling hair, is because the styling products I'm using have protein. So I'm doubling up on more protein than I should, I think. Last resort is switching our shampoo and conditioner 😭

I have finer (with some medium) hair and low porosity. My hair is on the wavy 2A-2B side with some 2C

Any suggestions would be great, thank you!!"
entropic_emma,nz3de3,yes that's what I was gonna suggest!
pjj165,nz3de3,Aussie instant freeze gel is protein free
BlinkerBeforeBrake,nz2soa,"Finally getting more defined waves with routine changes, but lost my volume. Help!&&&EDIT: Forgot to post pic! See the comments.

For the past two months, I’ve been tweaking my routine to prevent frizz and get definition - and it’s finally working! But in the process, I’ve lost my volume. Is it possible for a girl to have it all? Would appreciate any advice!

Here’s my current routine:
- Wash with Shea Moisture’s Moisture Retention. Hold curls together while I rinse.
- Condition with Shea Moisture’s Moisture Retention. I coat it liberally, rake my fingers through, and encourage waves by scrunching up. I slather the top canopy without massaging it through the scalp. Leave it in while I wash up/shave, rinse all of it out.
- Scrunch upside down as much water out as I can. Plop until the excess water is all out (which usually takes two microfiber towel turbans). 
- Again upside down, apply Camille Rose Curl Maker by scrunching it in. I don’t create a gel cast, just kind of press and “stamp” it in.
- Allow to air dry the rest of the way.
- Sleep in a pineapple, usually once it’s 90% dry. I get some nice lift in the morning, but it doesn’t typically last the day.
- The waves themselves never need to refresh the next day. I just apply some water/gel combo to my halo frizz. 

Note: Originally, I was using a diffuser to get definition and volume. However, the upwards motion was making my frizz a nightmare to control. Maybe I’ve been doing it wrong, but even on the lowest and coldest setting, the opposite motion makes my fly always fly up instead of settling down.&&&Thank you, I’m mostly happy with it :) My last haircut has only been a few months, but that was also back when I was wearing my hair straight. I’ve never gotten a curly cut in my life, so that might make a difference.

Do you have any good mousse recommendations for low porous hair? That may not be a bad starting place. And probably avoiding conditioner on top of my head now that the gel has been working it’s magic. 

What is clarifying?&&&Shoot, forgot to post my pic! To show the curls in the low light, my entire face looks literally white - promise I don’t look like that IRL haha.

https://ibb.co/0GcHZwC"
Impressive_Bus1284,nz2soa,"Your hair looks amazing! Has it been a while since you last had a haircut? A lot of people find that a nice cut with some layers helps with volume. Also, switching up your parting is a good way to get some volume. 

Mousse might be pretty helpful for volume, I haven’t tried foams but have found the cake mousse to be pretty good at keeping away frizz and giving volume. I think some people use both mousse and gel if mousse doesn’t give strong enough hold so could be something to try as well. 

Finally, clarifying! I find clarifying can ‘bring back some life’ to my hair, as build up tends to result in losing volume and general greasiness almost. I personally avoid conditioner anywhere near my scalp as well so I just kind of start from my ears and below for conditioner, don’t know if that’s something that could help as well. 

Good luck :)"
TheGidget007,nyywrw,"I love the hydro style flexi jelly too! I have the weightless air dry cream, you'll probably enjoy it as well.  I've tried the souffle, I wanted to like it but it was too much for my fine hair so I passed it on to someone else. I absolutely love the protein foam for light hold. My least favorite product so far is the hold me softly style balm, it feels to heavy and sticky on my hair.  Have fun trying more of their products!"
hot_nacho_cheese_99,nyywrw,I love the hydro jelly! I didn't love the in shower stuff. I found it tacky and ending up washing my hair again the next day every time I tried it
tquinn04,nyywrw,I’ve been curious about the hydro jelly. I do not like the gels from their moisture rich line. The soufflé isn’t enough hold and the in shower one is too much hold and they both leave a greasy residue on my hair. I need a strong but not firm hold product and the hydro seems to fall into that category.
whatififififif,nyywrw,"Curlsmith Hydro Style Flexi Jelly review&&&I have low porosity, fine, high density waves. My locks run the gamut from 2b to a couple little 3a-3b curls at the nape of my neck, but are probably mostly 2b. I got travel sizes of some Curlsmith products, and decided to start with the Hydro Style Flexi Jelly (and to actually do it right for once and try only one product at a time, haha.) I've used it twice, and so far it's a winner. It has decent hold, and gives me soft, semi defined waves with a TON of volume (for me). Days 2 and 3 I actually have good wave still - frequently on day 2 I'll wake up with totally flat hair. So far it's definitely been more of a soft beach wave type look rather than really defined separate waves, but it still looks great and I'm thrilled with the volume, staying power, and level of wave I've gotten.

&#x200B;

Here's my routine: maybe shampoo. Squish out a lot of the water, then condition with NYM - the blue sea kale one. Detangle with fingers, let conditioner sit while I do other shower tasks. Pop my head under the spray to add more water, then brush with Denman. Rinse out under the spray while squishing. Add SheaMoisture Low Porosity Leave In with praying hands - about a nickel size, squeezing some of the water out as I go. Add gel with praying hands - I've done maybe two quarter sized squirts of gel. (This gel is pretty liquid.) Do one final application of gel by squishing - maybe a nicke size? Flip upside down, plop in a microfiber twist towel but in the ""bowl"" part rather than twisting my hair in the twist part. Plop maybe 5-10 minutes. Squish out more water with another microfiber towel. Air dry. I really want to try this routine with the Weightless Air Dry Cream once it arrives instead of the SheaMoisture leave in.

&#x200B;

I've also ordered the other two Curlsmith gels - the souffle one and the In Shower Fixer. And I have the Double Cream Deep Conditioner (is that the right name...?) that I'll try soon. Does anyone else use Curlsmith? Which products? Do you like them?&&&I bought these from ULTA so if I don't like them I could return or exchange for something else, which is nice. I didn't even consider the Hold Me Softly  balm because I thought it was light hold and I want hard hold generally to keep as much wave as I can, haha."
SerialKnitter2222,nyypnt,"💧 Lots of water in a mister spray bottle.  The water reactivates the product’s that are already in your hair.  Sometimes a little gel maybe needed YMMV. You can scrunch & diffuse if you want.  

Sometimes day 2-3 hair is better than day 1"
thiswitchisabitch,nyypnt,"Question About day 2 hair&&&I've known I've had wavy hair my whole life but recently wanted to get back to my natural look. 

I'm going to start plopping. My question is....how do I style day 2 hair? And all days in-between washes? 

The last time I wore my hair I was a teenager and washed everyday. Now it's 2x a week.

Any help and suggestions would be appreciated!&&&Thank you. My first attempt at plopping failed due to no gel. I'll try again after my hair appointment on the weekend.  I'll ask my stylist about products etc"
ElleDeeNS,nyybma,"I had bad luck with mousse until I found Cake Curl Whip mousse, which is one of my absolute favorite products now."
Fairylady33,nyybma,What mousse and gel should I try?&&&I have low porosity 2B/2c hair. I usually use garnier pure clean gel and the totally twisted mousse by herbal essence. I like to have a cast on my hair and I’m looking for a little bit more definition but still lots of volume. I was thinking about maybe getting the Aussie gel and mousse but I’m not too sure. What would you suggest? I’ll try anything from the drugstore.
SerialKnitter2222,nyybma,"I just tried the NYM curl talk mousse & I liked it & I haven’t had much luck with mousse before.  It had a great hold, with good volume & definition.  It’s a keeper for me.

It also doesn’t have glycerin so, it’s great for summer."
TheGidget007,nyybma,"It's not drugstore but I highly recommend AG Mousse Gel.  I find if I put a bit at my roots and blow dry upside down I get mega volume.  I have yet to to find a drugstore mousse that I like, a lot of them leave my waves/curls stringy and sticky."
nonsense88888,nyybma,Any tips for using it?
tquinn04,nyybma,I love any and all Aussie products. They’re one of my go to drug store brands.
Far-Possibility4484,nyww9h,"Wavy fringe help!&&&&&&I fear you may be right. I think I might need to grow the fringe out…
It can curl more at the roots if I wash, style and dry it upside down, but it gets really messy, frizzy and with wonky curls when I try that, so I haven’t tried it recently.&&&No I don’t scrunch the products in. I only scrunch when I’m scrunching out the crunch once it’s dry. My hair gets so frizzy if I scrunch it wet. 
I’ve tried just plastering the hair to my face and then it doesn’t stick out but dries straight and looks weird next to the rest of the waves! 
I want it to curl but not swoop out in the front like a beak! :)&&&I need advice about how to make my wavy fringe not do this! 

Routine is wash with ogx argan oil shampoo, deep condition with garnier ultimate blends hair food mask and same product for leave in. Then I glaze with v05 frizz free air dry cream and L’Oréal studio invisi’hold gel. Products applied on soaking wet hair and then very slightly micro plopped followed by diffusing until 90% dry. Once dry, I scrunched with got2b oillicious oil. I had big clumps with S waves in the fringe right up until I tried to scrunch it out then it just all came together and decided to stick-out directly in front. Help! 

Btw, I don’t always diffuse. I mostly air dry, but it’s even worse when I do that.&&&I’ve been deliberately encouraging bigger clumps to avoid frizz, because I’ve had a huge problem with that. My hair is very coarse and it goes so frizzy when I don’t style it soaking wet. I’ve only had bad results from applying more product to drier hair. When I say “big” clumps, I mean 3-4 clumps in the fringe. I could try splitting them up and go for 6-8?"
blacknbluebird,nyww9h,"I might be misreading your routine, but it sounds like you're adding products to your bangs and scrunching it? I have the same bang cut and they used to stick out like that, too. I get them to lie flat by not applying anything to them or scrunching them. Just shampoo, of course, and touch up with dry shampoo when needed. 

I comb my bangs in the position I want after showering, comb straight a few times while air drying, and the ends fall straight instead of sticking out. It's super simple, so you may have already tried that without much luck for your hair type."
epi_stemic,nyww9h,"I had thick, blunt bangs for ages (like 15 years). Mine did the same thing when they got long because of the way I moved them around to keep them out of my eyes. I expect has less to do with product and more to do with the cut, maybe a different shape would work better for you like curtain bangs?"
neverseektotell,nyww9h,"I think big clumps mean there’s more water and less product. Maybe try with smaller clumps and more product, or adding gel again when 50% dry to retain that shape?"
rmf237,nyww9h,"Unfortunately, looking at the rest of your hair, I don’t think you’re going to get your bangs to curl. It looks like you don’t have much curl near the root, which is common for wavies. The rest of your hair is pretty straight to the length of your bangs and doesn’t start curling until a little farther down the shaft, which to me indicates that your bangs likely won’t curl naturally."
thescriblerian,nyww9h,"I'm having a battle with my fringe, too. Before I embraced my waves it went into cute little curls when wet, but now (of course) it won't. So I tried pincurls. Might be worth a go? Gel and finger-curl hair, then I keep the curls in place with kirby grips"
tquinn04,nyww9h,Have you tried a denman brush?
MonsterMunch678,nyw5vi,"Hairdressers&&&When getting your hair cut at the hairdressers, do you ask them to do anything different? 

Usually when I go I get a dry cut (they just stay hair with water instead of washing it) and then dry it 'straight'. Do you ask them to curl it for you? Add products?"
WeAreStarless,nyw5vi,"when i go to my curly stylist, i come in with day 2 curls, and she cuts those dry. afterwards, she gets it soaking wet in her washing bowl and styles and diffuses it"
neverseektotell,nyw5vi,I only get my hair cut around once a year so I let them style it normally using their products. It only takes a week of deep conditioning to reset the damage now.
laurastic,nyskj2,Moisture or hydration&&&How do I know when my hair is lacking and what to do to give it what it needs?
Bluehare_,nypjfc,I don't have any advice but I just wanted to say that your hair is utterly gorgeous you have a beautiful smile 💗
Botanisosurus_Rex,nypjfc,"I made a post on Thursday with a before and after of cutting my hair and the curls SPRANG back. Made a HUGE difference in my hair. I went a little shorter than shoulder length, but still. Was major difference"
ChicReaper,nypjfc,I would suggest get it cut in layers. In fact it will increase the volume and wave. beautiful hair btw!
artemiscrossing,nypjfc,"For some wavies, getting short hair makes it curlier, but for others it can get straighter since the curl starts farther away from the root. 

Worst case scenario, your hair is short and a bit straighter for a while but grows back curlier because it’s healthier."
neverseektotell,nypjfc,"I had hair tbat length before I embraced the waves. It was actually the chop that had me looking at how to take care of it better. 

I think you’ll find it’s much easier to style shorter. If I were you I’d go shoulder / mid back just to see if you like it. 

One thing about going shorter - the weight of your hair isn’t there anymore, so if you style upside down you might end up with the pieces around your face sticking out weirdly going to the side rather than down. I wash upside down but style upright now, basically just using my fingers to lift the washed hair off my scalp, then giving it a shake with my head tipped back. Then I flip my hair to one side, add styler (just coat then scrunch), then the same on the other side."
rapunzlvr,nypjfc,Your long wavy hair looks absolutely gorgeous!!!
sand_pipers,nypjfc,"Advice needed on cutting my wavy hair short&&&&&&You made my morning! Thank you for your kind words:)&&&Thank you! And I do style upside down so that is a great tip and not something I’ve thought about. I appreciate all the tips!&&&Thank you so much!!&&&I looked at the pictures; it looks wonderful! Thanks for sharing:)&&&My biggest fear is that it will be straight and frizzy. However, I cut some long bangs and those are some of the wavier/curlier parts of my hair. But it is a good point that it will be healthier regardless!&&&I use a co wash 2-3 times a week and Shea moisture conditioner everyday. I dry with a microfiber towel, add Cantu Shea butter leave in conditioner, and sometimes plop. I believe my hair is low porosity. 

I’ve been thinking about cutting it short for a while, but I’m worried I’ll mess up my waves/curls or just have really frizzy hair. Anyone with short hair or a similar hair type, please feel free to drop your routine. Thanks!&&&Thank you! Honestly I think I’m just looking for a change. I love my long hair but sometimes it drives me crazy ya know?"
tquinn04,nypjfc,Not going to lie most of the time I’m like get the hair cut girl!  But your long hair is so pretty and healthy looking! Why are you wanting it short if you don’t mind me asking?
ForgottenSalad,nypck2,your hair looks so much healthier!
International-Town59,nypck2,Wow what a difference 😍
SprinkledDonut88,nypck2,"I cannot believe how much my hair has changed in only two months. Finding this subreddit was the best thing that could have happened to me.&&&&&&Basically, after finding this subreddit, I changed my hair routine entirely. Not only did I stop blow drying and straightening, but I also stopped brushing my hair entirely. I switched to using a wide tooth comb, and I only use it while in the shower. I also learned the importance of hair products and the different techniques. I stopped using sulphates, and I also learned just how important a leave in conditioner is. Especially for my damaged hair. I also learned about different types of hair products like creams, gel, and mousse. I've found that I prefer curl creams over gel, but maybe that will change. Who knows. Right now I'm using As I Am classic leave in conditioner and Cantu curl activator cream. I squish to condish, plop for about 15 minutes, then scrunch my hair using a microfiber towel and let air dry. This is the result. (I also got a much needed haircut between these two photos).&&&Yes!! I couldn't believe the difference that a haircut made. My curls really started to blossom after that. Obviously products are important too, but I didn't get as good results until I had all my dead ends chopped off."
tofusarkey,nypck2,I’m so jealous of your curls! Did you have to chop the ends off for the curls to come out like that? My before looks like yours and I’m thinking I may need to cut some length off! Did the chop make a big difference?
yungleg,nypck2,Soooo pretty!!
