index,id,comments
Psychological_Pop231,pe7ili,"What products and routine?&&&Hello everyone! I have super thick hair that’s brunette and I’ve been dying it blonde for years. 👩🏼 I do not use heat styling tools on my hair at all. My hair does get pretty tangly though in and after showers. 

I have waves but they’re sloppy looking. I usually leave my hair in a braid to get waves but then that comes out funny. What types of shampoos and additional products with a routine should I use? I’d love to tame my hair and control the waves to how pretty they can be!"
GamerGrl90,pe6gfn,How do I get humidity sweat out of my hair?&&&I'm a 2A and live in FL if that helps.
HonestlyRespectful,pe6gfn,Wash or cowash your hair.
Skatesoff,pe6gfn,Dry shampoo?
doveinabottle,pe6gfn,"I live in WI right in Lake Michigan and we have very humid summers. I just wash my hair more often - there’s no way around it for me, especially if I exercise."
Palomarue,pe5ovu,F because same hair type :)
Pyralene78,pe5ovu,"Totally inexperienced and willing to learn ! What's my type of hair and how can I keep my curls for a longer time?&&&&&&It's my first time posting on the internet like this, I'm quite nervous 😅 

When i was little I had very curly hair and it gradually got wavier with time.
Since i was a teenager I've always kept my hair in a ponytail or a bun everyday, and for the past two years my studies were really demanding, so I've never really cared or had much time for hair maintenance, just trying to keep it clean at all times. Now that I'm in my 20's and have a little more time to take care of myself I'd like to change that. I'm still studying though, so I'd prefer to keep my routine simple, just choose the good products for my wavy hair and learn how to dry it in a reasonable amount of time while preserving the curls (maybe with a diffuser?).  What do you recommend? 

My current routine is washing my hair every two or three days. When i wash my hair i do 2 shampoos and sometimes i  add a conditioner. 
The shampoo is a Dessange one, for "" greasy roots and dry tips"" with soft clay, lime extract and pro-vitamin B5 (which is what the rest of the women in my family uses, and they all have straight hair) . And the conditioner is a Franck Provost "" reparation expert "" , enriched in Jojoba oil. (You might have guessed it from the brand names, I'm from France) 

Then I squeeze out the water from my hair and run a wide toothed comb through it (this one preserves the curls, unlike the picture) and part my hair on the side. Then I either blow-dry it or let it dry naturally, but i don't like the result when it's blow dried, i lose the curls.&&&Thank you very much ! I'll keep that in mind :)&&&Unfortunately there are no Walmarts in my country, but i found it on Amazon 😄 thanks!"
artemiscrossing,pe5ovu,Aussie instant freeze gel is really cheap and a lot of wavies like it so you could try using that! They sell it at Walmart
kyondayo,pe5ovu,"Use a diffuser with hair products (mousse or mousse gel if your hair is low porosity, styling cream and/or gel for high porosity but experiment and see which your hair likes best)."
mariades83,pe5ovu,"👋🏽 Invest in a diffuser (I can’t live without mine)  and add styling products, mousse or gel (which has more hold) your hair looks 2a to me. Don’t forget hair texture can change for whatever reason, hormones etc. My hair was tighter curled when younger (early- mid 20’s) but now it’s more like big ringlets!"
no-tiny,pe5ovu,"Another space taking comment of ""same hair same hair!"" hopefully you find what works for you!"
444BadWolf444,pe4fb5,"Had a good hair day&&&&&&Routine: I wash with isana curls shampoo, then condition with aphogee keratin treatment, I dry my hair with a cotton shirt and add aphogee leave in conditioner, then let it air dry.
There is still some frizz, but ways better than before"
Baddie-Bunny,pe4fb5,"This are the softest spongy curls I've ever seen, I want to touch them so bad. Awesome hair!"
Totohoy,pe4fb5,"You're always welcome in the wavy sub, but that looks full on curly to me!"
roundy_yums,pe4fb5,Beautiful! Congrats!
ElleDeeNS,pe3bnd,"Did you ask on your local sub-Reddit or do a search on there? I lucked into an excellent one in Halifax that is not a “recognized” curl salon, but they were claiming that they love clients with textured hair and the stylist did a way better job on my 2b hair than the Deva Cut master stylist I went to. We seem to have people asking for curly/wavy stylists recommendations every few months on our sub."
Hellosl,pe3bnd,I don’t think it’s that strange to ask for a dry cut anywhere
ugly_little_angel,pe3bnd,"So uhh, any salon recommendations in Toronto?&&&There are curly hair specialists, I know. I’ve seen The Curl Ambassadors pop up thousands of times during my search.

Thing is, my hair’s virtually straight, with super light waves. And I’m fucking terrified of showing up to a curly-hair-centered salon with straight hair and have to face a dumbfounded and rightfully confused hairdresser. 

But I can’t go to a normal salon because the standard in those is to wash your hair first and my hair is dry asf, as in it frizzes up the second it comes into contact with a drop of shampoo. I bathe that shit in leave-in conditioner, and that might be a weird practice to hairstylists from normal salons. 

Basically I need someone who’s either willing to cut my hair dry or won’t judge me for wanting them to smear conditioner all over my head and leave it on during the haircut. 

Thx lol

(Also I just moved here and I am fucking terrified of being judged and I have no idea how to approach a salon and ask them “pls cut my hair lolz ty” so pointers on that would be cool too)&&&Hahaha uhh I forgot that local subreddits exist. I’ll look for mine. Thanks for the tip eee"
Lady_Sasa,pe0p0l,"Hi there, I have recently switched to a product line called Seen as I had fine, low porosity 2b hair with eczema. Had a dry itchy scalp that turned quickly to oily. After switching to this brand (picked it because it was non comodogenic, sulfate free, Silicone free, non fragrance and cruelty free) I've definitely noticed a happier scalp and therefore happier hair. No more itching, doesn't feel irritated and because of that I'm much less oily. They're a bit expensive but I feel for me after all the products I've tried (Aveda, Jessicurl, Curl Smith, NYM, Shea Moisture) the price is worth my sanity!"
anamelesswanderer,pe0p0l,"Scalp + color friendly shampoo/conditioners?&&&2a/b, fine and low porosity gal here in desperate need of a switch in my wash routine. I used New Wash for a few years with great results, but recently my hair just hates it. Not sure if they've switched up their formula, but I used to be able to easily go 3-5 days between washes and now it's an oily mess within just a couple days...not even dry shampoo helps. I've been trying out the Jupiter Balancing Shampoo/Conditioner but it's not much better.

Any recommendations that cover the following?

* Good for flake-prone scalps
* Safe for color-treated hair
* Cruelty free
* Hydrating/moisturizing, but won't weigh down my fine 2a/b waves.

I'm in the US, but will take any recommendations at this point. Thank you, beauties!&&&Thank you!! I just switched to Giovanni Tea Tree shampoo/conditioner which has been an improvement, but I’ll check this out too! :)"
Sharp-Analysis-7736,pdzh75,"What kind of waves do I have? This was before I’ve stumbled into the wavy girl method. Tips would also be appreciated, since I’m a newbie at this!&&&&&&Thank you! Looks kinda like it."
valentina246,pdzh75,1c? There’s a slight bend and it looks pretty thick!
Aromatic_Mousse,pdylvs,I really like their mousse
Wavyhaircare,pdylvs,"My hair is fine and I like the NYM curl talk shampoo and mousse. They have two gels now, the medium hold gel has been around a lot time and now they just made a new hard hold gel which I haven't tried yet. The medium hold gel gives me results that I really like on wash day, but the hold doesn't last as long as some other gels which is the only downside for me. I'm hoping that I'll love their hard hold gel. 

I've used the conditioner from the curl talk line and I did use up the entire bottle. It's decent but I don't think I will repurchase it. It doesn't have good slip which is okay for me because my hair doesn't tangle...but it just doesn't feel as good to me as some other conditioners."
emewy4,pdylvs,"Is the NYM curl talk line good for fine wavy hair?&&&I have 2A/2b low porosity fine hair 

I’m looking for a good shampoo, conditioner & gel
I already use the NYM curl talk mousse and I like it so far"
notyouraveragemind,pdylvs,I agree with the person who replied first I really liked the curl talk shampoo but I would not buy the conditioner again I did not like how it felt on my hair
pretty_swift,pdylvs,"I have 2a/2b waves, tons of fine, high porosity hair. I use NYM exclusively, but only the medium gel from the Curl Talk line. It gives me great day 1 hold and is firm enough to wear for a day two as long as I plan on having my hair up. I lean towards low maintenance care overall so I don't ever bother with a refresh. Someone more dedicated to trying might see better results. 

My hair is bleached platinum blonde and I switch between Blonde Moment (purple shampoo/cond) and either the Tahitian Gardenia or the Royal Honey shampoos and conditioners, depending on which I can find. Both work excellently for me, and it's been difficult to find the Tahitian Gardenia in my area since the pandemic supply issues started."
Altostratus,pdyhbk,"Clarifying shampoo everyday sounds like it might strip your hair, leaving it both dry and greasy. Have you tried something gentler like a No Poo?"
Osgood-Schlatters22,pdyhbk,"My hair is very fine and oily, but it’s getting so much healthier using cgm. I only wash with shampoo once a week, but co-wash every other day. I used to have to co-wash every day to break up the oil but I can go 2-3 days now. I use the Camille rose milk leave in, curl talk curl cream, then gel in the shower. My hair is clumping so much better now that I am applying product in the shower. I let air dry and then pineapple before bed. In the morning I spray with water and a little more curl cream to refresh."
Veleda390,pdyhbk,"You might try a low poo product. I love Carol's Daughter Wash Day Delight which I get at Walgreens and also Sally's has it, about $13. I use Suave Essentials Coconut conditioner.

Shea Moisture might be too heavy for your hair. I do use the styling milk and mousse, and love it. Had to stop using the shampoo and conditioner because it was making my hair greasy. I use Kinky Curly Knot Today leave-in, then shape with a Denman brush.

On day two I comb the roots with a detangling comb, or Denman brush if there are a lot of flyaways. When I sleep on it wet, I don't use product, I wet it again the next morning then do my styling routine."
chameleon-123,pdyhbk,"I think your conditioners are way too heavy for your hair. I have fine hair and Shea moisture is way too much, it weighs it down, clumps hair together and just makes my hair look greasy. I don’t know anything about your particular leave in, but I do know most leave ins are too heavy for me. What I do, which I have noticed a lot of improvement with is is reverse washing and then no products. So when I wash my hair I condition first, then shampoo, then air dry with no products. If I have some frizz or flyaways, I use a tiny bit of gel or hairspray, maybe a tiny tiny dab of oil. But very very sparse because fine hair doesn’t do too well with too many products. 

If reverse washing isn’t your thing or sometimes I don’t want to reverse wash, I use a clarifying shampoo, then some regular shampoo, then only condition very lightly from my ears down. Not adding conditioner to my scalp helps so much, my hair doesn’t looks weighed down or too moist or soft. 

But seriously, try to just wash your hair and only clarify or shampoo it. No conditioners, no leave ins, and just let it dry on its own. You will definitely see a difference in look and texture. Then from there you can play with small amount of hairspray or gel to tame it. 

Just sharing what has worked for me and has made a huge different in how my hair looks and feels personally. Good luck!!"
jenniferroses,pdyhbk,That’s a really harsh shampoo for everyday. I wash with a sulfate free shampoo and use the suave clarifying about once a month. I use an aloe water spray for definition and a little mouse from the bottom. Your hair looks similar in type to mine.
lemon_orange_lime12,pdyhbk,"My crappy, really thin/fine hair. Any advice? I don't care if I use CGM or not. I've been trying the CGM for a long time and it hasn't worked at all. I also want something lower-maintenance.&&&&#x200B;

https://preview.redd.it/yqyq6ox9qbk71.png?width=9200&format=png&auto=webp&s=5391adb150956da112f247a2daf4082e09891876&&&I don't mind reverse washing at all. What product do you use? Thank you!&&&My routine for my beautiful hair (lol)

Shampoo with Suave Daily Clarifying Shampoo (I have to shampoo daily)

Condition with SheaMoisture Coconut & Hibiscus Curl & Shine Conditioner

Leave-In is Kristin Ess Curl Conditioner, wrap with a microfiber towel and then sleep on the wet head (I know that's bad)

Wake up and sometimes put in Eco Styler Krystal Gel

Wet styling doesn't really work for me I guess, and I don't mind using a blow dryer with a diffuser, but I also just want to be really low-maintenance/do something easy. I have been trying the CGM and it hasn't worked for me I guess. I don't mind if it's CGM or non-CGM either. I would also prefer products on the cheaper side ($20 or less).&&&I might try using those products but I think I will still try and keep it wavy. I definitely have considered cutting it shorter too. Also, which Olaplex do you use?&&&What shampoo and conditioner do you use? What about the mousse?&&&Thank you so much! Great advice."
lizardRD,pdyhbk,Ok so I have very similar hair to you. Personally I would cut your hair shorter. Short bob and blunt cut (I wear mine at chin length). I personally blow dry my hair straight most of the time because it adds volume. Leaving my hair wavy or curly actually makes it look thinner for me (hard to get volume at roots). I do not use any cream or oils (weighs it down). I wash my hair with olaplex and clarify once a week. I then use a thickening spray before styling (oribe maximizing spray). In between I’ll use texturizing or dry shampoo. I’ve tried like every curl cream and CGM and it just ends up a mess.
petrichor_unicorn,pdyhbk,"I'd say ditch the shea moisture and gel. Both are heavier products and you probably have to shower every day because the shea moisture has way too much butters and oils in it. If you don't have issues with scents, the NYM Naturals lines have a lot of affordable options. I'd recommend sticking to their lighter products (there are charts you can google or find on pinterest that rate each line). I personally liked the NYMN Royal Honey and Kalahari Desert Melon shampoo and conditioner. I switched to giovanni 50:50 balanced shampoo and conditioner and now I use Giovanni Tea Tree Triple Treat Shampoo and the 50:50 conditioner. I haven't tried the tea tree triple treat conditioner though. Then if you want a styler, use a mousse or foam instead."
quietviolence,pdyhbk,"I also have crappy fine hair. CGM didn’t really work for me and it’s taken me more than a year trying out different products and styling techniques to figure out how to deal with my hair.

I still use sulfate free shampoo (Verb Curl Shampoo) twice a week and a sulfate shampoo (Neutrogena Anti Residue Shampoo) once to once every two weeks. I learned that my hair really needed the occasional clarifying wash, otherwise it would look weighted down and even thinner and crappier than usual in a couple weeks. I condition for 5 minutes every time I wash with Aussie One Minute Moisture or Kerachroma Clenditioner (purely to maintain my pink hair colour). Olaplex 0 and 3 every month.

For styling, I use less than a half palm size of Marc Anthony Strictly Curls Curl Enhancing Mousse combed through, finger roll, and lightly scrunch with a small amount of LA Looks Sport Gel.

For drying, I either air dry if I have enough time. Adding the gel increases my drying time to 4 hours. If I’m short on time I flip my head upside down gently and hover diffuse until my roots are totally dry then pixie diffuse the ends to about 70% dry and air dry the rest. Then scrunch out the crunch with dry hands, no products or oils.

It’s still not perfect but it’s the best routine I’ve found for my hair so far. All the products I use don’t seem to sit on top of my hair or make it looked weighed down."
Anji_banano,pdxxiy,Omg so pretty! How long have you been doing CGM and did you get a curly hair cut?
YardLazy9547,pdxxiy,"Making progress😊&&&&&&I use Cantu and Maui products. Marc Anthony strictly curl cream on soaking wet hair. Scrunch!! Then I use a diffuser to 90% dry. Let it air dry the rest of the way.&&&Funny thing, I don't do either😅 Just genetics I guess. I do get a V haircut in the back with layers."
ElleDeeNS,pdxvo6,"I love the Zotos All About Curls line, which is at Sally’s. I also love Cake mousse, which you get at Amazon. I’m thinking they also sell Cake at Shoppers."
HammockSwingin,pdxvo6,"Product equivalents in Canada?&&&I see lots of product lists here, but none for Canada. I can find maybe 1 out 15 products recommended here. Would do we think of a canadian products list or adding a country availability list to the products as they're recommended?

For me personally, I have a ton of thin long hair with high porosity. If I shampoo regularly my hair gets frizzier, but when I don't it is still a little frizzy but weighs down easily and I lose any definition within a day or less.

I have found the following products in Canada:
- Aveeno oatmeal shampoo
- Treseme botanique coconut nourish conditioner
- Pantene pro-v curl mousse"
Ladymistery,pdxvo6,"I use the ""ion"" brand from Sally's - the no sulfate colour shampoo/conditioner. 

 my hair is weird, and I'm still working on it - but these seem to work the best so far."
Velvet-Sea,pdxvo6,"I've bought Cake mousse from Superstore, but I don't like it as much as herbal essences totally twisted. Cake mousse is too thick and sticky for me."
clamchauder,pdxvo6,"This is a good idea!

I've found these oft recommended WGM/CGM items here:
- Herbal Essence Totally Twisted Mousse
- Olaplex No. 3
- Shea Moisture Manuka Honey Yogurt Protein Treatment"
Altostratus,pducr6,My hair hates coconut oil and turns to straw when I use it. I believe it’s a protein thing. I currently use tresemme botanique curl hydration (with Shea butter) and my hair loves it. I’ve had good luck with argon oil and baobab oil too.
AlyE1994,pducr6,I would try a protein treatment every few weeks as well as some lighter products. It looks like your hair is bleached ( mine is too) and mine seems to be a lot more wavy and voluminous after I’ve done a protein treatment
CharacterNo2948,pducr6,If all of the products have moisturizing aspects in them they're going to be too heavy for sure. I was having similar issues until I just cut back to bare basics. I wash and condition and then have something that is good for hair but also has hold in it and that's it. I'm just now looking to try something in between the in shower and styling aspects like a curl cream or something.
ElectricalPirate14,pducr6,FWIW my hair is think and wazy and hates coconut oil. I would try eliminating that! I also think Cantu is probably too much for your hair.
Glued-Up,pducr6,"Everything looks extreme against black. I put on a light tee if im worried about ""friendly frizz"", looks like normal hair??"
HonestlyRespectful,pducr6,"I agree, your products are too heavy. Try just washing, conditioning, then use a mousse, then when it's completely dry, sotc with a serum with silicones. I like garnier fructis sleek and shine serum. And for mousse I like herbal essences totally twisted."
Merkhaba,pducr6,"Cantu did the same thing with my barely wavy hair lol. I'm also a beginner and what helped me was taking a product (Killer curls by Kevin Murphy in my case) and diluting it with water (like, REALLY diluting, I made a mix of 100ml of water and 5 pumps of product), and misting my hair with it, after they dried naturally. It works wonders."
MouseyGrrrl,pducr6,My hair (2cish) really did not like Palmer's. I think it was the coconut which can mimic protein overload. Equally plopping sucked out too much product for me so I lost the effects of the gel. I mention those incase they are helpful for troubleshooting!
Oskidamac,pducr6,😍
Redheadtempura,pducr6,Ok bro I have similar hair. You need to do and apple cider vinegar rinse dilute 1/8 cup vinegar with 2 cups water and after you wash and condition dip your ends in the cup.and then pour it bit by bit over your head and scrub your scalp. For bonus points after this rinse with cold water. The vinegar cuts down your hair oils and distributes them through you hair and gets rid of product build up. I PROMISE u this is a game changer.  Then brush your hair while it's whet. Dry it w towel and let it air dry. It'll be your best hair. Whenever I do this ( about once a month or less) my hair literally looks perfect. Ok bye goodluck
Slammogram,pducr6,"Uh, this looks like goals to me…

It could be the products are heavy.  Wavy hair doesn’t need, I’m fact maybe times, hates creams, butters, oils and gels.

A leave-in and lightweight serum are probably your best friends and a mousse.

I also stay away from coconut oil products.  It makes my hair straw like.

Here’s a meh day.

https://imgur.com/gallery/wziefCw"
atypicalanon34,pducr6,"My hair is looking both stringy and frizzy - help!&&&&&&Thank you will try this&&&My hair isn’t feel right…or looking right

I have been doing the CG method for a couple of weeks. I did a reset wash, I have washed it maybe a total of four/five times and my hair isn’t looking like how I had hoped. Not expecting miracles obviously. My hair as a kid and young teen was naturally pretty curly (maybe 2c). Gradually over time I brushed it when dry and didn’t take care of it so it became weird-straight (like wavy if air dried but kinda crap looking wavy). I also ruined it through regular blowdrying. I’m now 23 and trying to get the waves/curls back I had at 15 if possible.

I use Palmer’s coconut oil shampoo and conditioner roughly twice a week. When my hair is wet (but not dripping wet), I detangle it with a tangle teezer and spray a little bit of the Palmers coconut oil leave in conditioner in my hair. I then run a pea sized amount of Cantu’s curl activator through my ends. I am guessing this combo is too rich and oily for my fine hair because it feels quite greasy and product-y on the ends. 
I lastly put a small amount of gel in it (twisted sista amazing dream gel) and scrunched it.  Idk what I was doing so I just bought whatever was recommended for wavy/curly hair. I plopped it for an hour in a cotton tshirt. When I took it out it was semi-dry and I scrunched it again. 

I know it will take some time to get my curls back but my hair is frizzy at the roots and the lengths look “messy”, the waves look undefined. It doesn’t feel crunchy like I used too much gel, but the strands are all quite messy and “separate”. 

Is it the combo of products that don’t work? Is cantu not right for my hair type? 

For background my hair is fine, low porosity and was bleached (balayaged more specifically) about 12 months ago. Its bra strap length but its getting trimmed in a months time. 

What do you suggest I should change in my routine to get my curls looking more defined and less “separate” and messy? Thanks for your help in advance"
floridameerkat,pducr6,"Once products have been applied, don’t scrunch your hair until it’s fully dry. Doing it while it’s still damp can cause frizz. And try lighter products. Stringy hair is a sign your current ones are too heavy. 

Do you mean the new growth is low porosity?"
wander1262,pducr6,"I highly recommend watching Swavy Curly Courtney on YouTube. She has a ton for f really helpful videos for wavy curly hair. I learned so much watching her channel. You are still at the beginning of transition so it's going to take time for your hair to repair the damage and find it's curl families again. Some people's hair hates coconut oil from what I hear. Also, fine hair tends to need protein. If you have the money get some Curlsmith products. If not I'd suggest Not Your Mother's Curl Talk curl care shampoo and one of their conditioners. Curls Blueberry Bliss leave in is also great. It's really so trial and error. I have fine, thin, low density hair and am still in transition. I've tried a bunch of stuff and found some work better than others for my hair. I just tried Kinky Curly curling custard for the first time recently and I think this is going to be one of my holy grails. Also, Aussie instant freeze gel and Harry's gel (yes it's men's but works) is great. Experiment with techniques and the amount of product you are putting in. I have found damp styling works better for me right now where some prefer soaking wet hair."
ydnas618,pducr6,"From the picture, it does look like you're using too heavy of product, which is weighing down the hair and causing it to look like that. Usually, coconut oil and butters are too heavy for wavy hair types. You could try using one or the other, but not both and see what happens. Wavy hair types tend to do better with water based products and usually the fewer products in the hair, the better. Also, the frizz will be bad if you scrunch or touch your hair before it is 100% dry. Once you've added product while hair is wet or damp, absolutely do not touch it till it is completely dry. I learned that the hard way unfortunately."
HonestlyRespectful,pdqjgq,"Yes, of course. I'm not sure of the exact ingredients, but if it has silicones or oils, or both, they are all great ingredients for sealing moisture into the hair. My only advice would be to wash your hair regularly to remove build up, which is advice I give to anyone regardless of whether your products are cgm approved or ""natural"" or not. Healthy scalp equals healthy hair. If it's too heavy, then, try something else."
Sharp-Analysis-7736,pdqjgq,"Can hair serum be used for scrunching wavy hair? Currently using Trader Joe’s hair serum.&&&&&&Gotcha, thank you so much! I do wash my hair regularly at night. Glad to be able to still use the serum, because it’s the only product that made my  waves loose and natural."
katherinele436,pdk6b1,"One year hair progress !&&&&&&Shampoo every 3-4 days
Bumble bumble Sunday shampoo
Mix conditioner - Garnier Hair Care Fructis Triple Nutrition Conditioner Dry to Very Dry hair + Olaplex Conditioner No5
Dry hair a little with tshirt - Keune curl control defining cream - Crunch with hand
Let hair dry a little (5 mins) - frieda frizz ease curl reviver mousse - Crunch with hand
Air dry&&&Yes. I had a haircut four months ago. I just ask for curtain bangs and layers&&&I always find that my hair looks better when I dont crunch as much. I’ll do like 1 to 2 minutes of crunching at most using hand and 20 seconds using a tshirt. I feel like my hair dry way better if it starts super wet. And the mousse help too. I only use a tiny bit. Also depends on what curl defining cream you are using. I sued to use the Ouidad one and my hair was super frizzy.Also trim my hair every 4 months ( I ask for layers) helps"
ruggy229,pdk6b1,Looks amazing! Did you trim ever or just let it grow?
temp-exe,pdk6b1,"my hair looks exactly like yours! How does it look like after you air dry? Mine is incredibly frizzy, but looks way better the second day"
1paperairplane,pdjlbr,"I have tried and tried it many times and just hate how my hair looks and feels. I always end up going back to non-cg shampoo and conditioner. I've recently discovered my perfect routine. Following a shower, a wrap my hair in a towel while I get ready. When I'm dressed, make-up done, I take my hair down and literally put one cream product in my hair, rake it in, part my hair, rake a little more. Then air dry, and it dries perfectly. I'm so happy with this routine, so happy with how my hair feels and looks everyday. Will not be going back to CGM. It's so much easier (easier on my wallet too). The cream, by the way, I bought from Amazon, it's called Argan Magic Nourishing Hair Cream."
Calla_Lust,pdjlbr,"I don't bother with it. My hair is classic length, thick and on the dry side. I have a sensitivity to malasezzia so I use head and shoulders or pantene volume shampoo. For conditioners, I only apply those from the neck down and use davines io, which has cones.

Less is more when it comes to my hair, so I don't bother much with leave ins. I occasionally use nightblooming hair panacea. CGM is definitely not for me!"
CelticRebel22,pdjlbr,"I did CGM for about two years and my scalp really did not do well with it. It’s taken me time to heal my scalp and I still have flare ups around my hairline. I’m still not quite sure what my exact hair type is. The front panels from my temple up has the most defined curl pattern the back is more course and has a looser pattern but it generally feels the most unhealthy to me when it dries, and the under layer of my hair is thick and straight lol. I have so much frizz but if I use gel my hair will go from looking so nice to all the curl being pulled out and looking greasy and limp I’m about 3 hours. I do notice my hair tends to get over moisturized easily so I try to go for products with protein in it"
ElectricalPirate14,pdjlbr,"I mostly follow CGM in that I don't use silicones at all and I don't use sulfates every wash day. I do a reset wash with suave daily clarifying shampoo and a deep condition once or twice a month. Stlying while wet, plopping for a short amount of time, washing and styling upside down, and s2c have helped my hair a TON. I can stand diffusing for about 5 minutes but my hair dries pretty quickly so I don't worry about it usually. But with these new methods I get volume and actual waves at the root and less frizz than I did when I just covered my hair in silicones trying to tame it down. I totally get it not working for everyone though and I hope everyone finds what works for them, CG or not!"
ForgottenSalad,pdjlbr,"I take inspiration from CGM but I don't go out of my way to follow it. It's definitely geared more towards tighter curl patterns that really need the extra care, and I honestly don't follow the ingredient rules because the woman who came up with it isn't a cosmetic scientist and neither am I.

 I have bleached, thick, dense, 2b/c hair. I do co-wash from time to time but I also use some silicones (make my hair less frizzy and much softer and more manageable) and sulfates. I hate gel, and plopping, and washing hair upside down, and diffusing. I just use a leave in and curl cream in wet hair, squeeze (using a regular old towel) the excess water out, and leave it be."
GloveDeath1985,pdjlbr,"I think the most important thing I learned in trying to do CGM was to not take advice from people with different hair textures. Like, a lot of YouTubers that get recommended here are great, but their textures are so much curlier than mine that I'm never going to get my hair to look or behave that way.

I went to my stylist, who has similar hair to mine, and asked her advice. She straight up told me not to cowash and to use a light, aloe-based gel, and I've had much better results than trying to piece together things from the internet."
HS_Jani,pdjlbr,"You are right. I also have low porosity  2C hair.  CGM is very time consuming, expensive, lots of product to layer, and complex  techniques.  Agree with you on Gel as well. I think CGM works well on high porosity  hair. I personally avoid sulfate to extend my hair color but need silicon to detangle  hair. Silicon saves my hair from breakage."
HeavyDoubles,pdjlbr,"I have fine, lowish density, med-high porosity hair and freaking hate cgm. Like you I’ve given it years (4+) and have tried every variation and have spent SO much money. 5-10% of the time it looks nice, 10-15% meh, and the vast majority of the time bad. Also, it’s never consistent.

I just want soft normal hair again. I hate the stringy second day hair. I hate feeling ugly.

Is there a wavy group who rejects the cgm and that look? I’m tired of it.

Thanks for making this post!🙏🏻"
Hellosl,pdjlbr,"Too much work and research. I’m just trying on my own to figure out how to get my best results. I used to never use product, and now I’m trying various combinations of gel and curl cream, and will try mousse next. 

I sleep with my hair wet in a bun on wash days. That gives me my best waves lol. I am 2b/c thin, dense, high porosity. Product help the waves last into a second day. They will all fall after the first day if i don’t use any product. That’s all I know so far. Not that sure about moisture and protein yet"
HonestlyRespectful,pdjlbr,"Yay!!! Finally posts are making sense! I see so many ppl, including myself, that went down the cgm rabbit hole, and it doesn't work for a lot of us, especially wavies! I did learn a lot about my hair. Ultimately, I've gone back to sulfates and silicones (my hair loves dimethicone, bc it has no damage for amodimethicone to ""fill in""). My scalp is so much better. My hair was thin, dull, limp with cgm, not to mention I lost a lot of hair. Now that I'm back on my old routine my hair is thicker, shinier, bouncy, and I have the same waves and ringlets that I got with ""natural"" stuff. That's with naked hair. If I want it to last, I use mousse or gel. I made another post in another thread that basically said everything you use on your hair sticks to the outside, not much actually penetrates the hair strands. Oils, butters, silicones, polyquats, protein, etc, so you need to wash your hair to get any and all of that stuff off. If you're having protein overload, then clarify your hair and use a moisturizing conditioner. If you're having moisture overload or hygral fatigue, then clarify your hair and use a protein rich conditioner or treatment. Pretty much it all boils down to *wash your hair!* Not cowash, wash with a cleanser that will get all that build up off of your hair and scalp. Scalp health comes first! If using cgm is making your hair shit, then stop doing it! Most ppl need to modify it to work for them. There's a herd of us unicorns out there, which is making me think it's more the norm, than not. I mean look at what happened with Devacurl, Wen and now Shea Moisture... you need to wash your scalp. If not, fungal overgrowth happens, which leads to hairloss. Please, everyone, use whatever works for *your hair* to make it healthy and beautiful! There are no rules! I'm so tired of hearing this, and I'm thankful for your post, OP! MAYBE together we'll open more people's eyes, and more of us will have happier hair and easier lives without all of this craziness of 20 step routines that take hours to complete, and more hours and hours to dry (which is also bad for your hair, btw!) End rant, sorry."
Honestly_ALie,pdjlbr,I have 3A low porosity hair and I use CGM because products build up on my hair super easily and sulphates really dry my hair out. When I follow CGM my hair is healthier overall and it looks and feels much better.
Ill_Adhesiveness5038,pdjlbr,"(2c hair) There are no sulfate free shampoos here + even if there were my scalp is oily and I sweat a lot so I need sulfates. 

Also no offense to anyone but almost always someone with wavy hair following cgm posts their hair , their roots look greasy and awful. And that's just the hair!! Imagine the scalp underneath :/"
Linttu,pdjlbr,I tried CGM and the tangles were unbearable. I ended up with a lot of breakage. As soon as I reintroduced silicones my hair became more manageable. Plus I live in an area with very hard water so I need sulfates to properly clean my hair.
LoveIsTrying,pdjlbr,"Your hair sounds like mine, my hair is also immediately over-moisturized if I so much as look at an oil but does well with a gel. I also have sensitive skin and eczema. Do you consider your hair high or low porosity? I’m still confused about that concept and different guides/quizzes seem to give contradictory results.&&&I kind of follow it but pick and choose what works for me. My hair is easily over-moisturized, so I use a low-poo and avoid oils. I also wash every other day, otherwise my scalp gets itchy. But my hair does really well with a gel applied on wet hair and microplopping.

Before I started the CGM, my hair was super frizzy and knotty, and I realized that I needed to learn how to style it better of I didn’t want to have to wear it up every day."
Maddiecattie,pdjlbr,"Same. I have 2a/b hair and could never get CGM to work for me. It’s just so wasteful and expensive and time consuming to keep trying so many different products just to be constantly unhappy. My hair feels *great* with sulfates and silicones, and it’s still wavy. 

But I’m still struggling with holding the curl and not using heat. Using a little mousse worked when I was growing up, but it takes forever to air dry and I sleep on it and it gets wonky lol. I just don’t really care that much anymore. I’ve always had super healthy hair even with sulfates, silicones, and heat. I don’t color it or anything."
MrsE2010,pdjlbr,"I pick and choose. 

I actually prefer many sulfate/silicone free products anyway. I have sensitive skin and eczema and many of the sulfate free products are gentler/less drying on my scalp and neck/back when I rinse. 

My hair is prone to being over moisturized too though so all the hydrating steps...nope. Not for me. Co-washing, TONS of butter or oil heavy conditioners, leave ins, Squish to condish method...  If I deep condition...EVER, my hair is instantly over moisturized. I keep trying leave ins because people stress how important they are for curly hair but every single time my hair is a limp, overly soft mess that won't clump or hold a cast within like 3 days. I need to just stop trying them. 

I do use a gel or mousse on soaking wet hair because that works for me. I actually wash at night so I diffuse for maybe 15 minutes just to give it a head start and then air dry for usually 2ish hours between shower and bed. Not too much time having to worry about not touching it or anything for me and it's ready to go in the morning."
Notquite_Caprogers,pdjlbr,"I liked how the CGM got me thinking about what's best for my hair and gave me a base to work with. I have roughly 2b to 2c hair and while the individual strands are thin, I have pretty dense hair. (Had an undercut for awhile and when my hair was down no one noticed that 3/4ths of my head was shaved)

I don't use sulfates unless I'm trying to fade my hair color, they make my hair frizzy and that's what I'm usually trying to combat. I also cowash in between shampooings and only wash it when I feel like it's dirty, or if I can't remember when I last did it. I use whole blends miracle frizz stuff and dry my hair with a t shirt. Then if there's any remaining frizz I use trader Joe's frizz hair serum. 

I tend to care less about how my curls turn out when I'm working (structures mechanic, I just tie it back) but when I'm aiming for cute hair I can get it consistently now. 

A major CGM sin I commit is brushing my hair. When I'm just pulling it into a ponytail I really could care less about the curl pattern being disturbed. I also like using a boat bristle brush to redistribute the oils in my hair before washing.&&&Oh and I just never heat style in general because I don't have the patience for it, and blow drying my hair is a surefire way to end up with a frizzy mess."
Perspex_Sea,pdjlbr,"I'm currently mostly doing it, but thinking of ditching it because the ratio of time where my hair is good vs my hair being wet or needing a refresh and being hastily tied back is too low."
Plomo_Lobo,pdjlbr,What’s your current routine and what products are you using atm?
QueenAlucia,pdjlbr,"I’ve tried times and times again to use the CGM I got the same problems; I can never get my hair properly cleaned without sulfates, and then I need silicones to get any kind of slip to manage my hair. 

Trying the CGM just got me to lose LOTS of hair because of DevaCurl and I am never going down that road again. My scalp is still recovering."
Robins_Mama,pdjlbr,I hated the way my heart felt then it all started falling out so I quit it! I now use salon branded shampoo and conditioner and find my hair is far more manageable. I waited months and my hair never got any wavier and any waved that did develop would drop out or get super frizzy
Rommie557,pdjlbr,"My hair really likes silicone, as long as I clarify on a regular basis!"
Scipio0404,pdjlbr,"I have low porosity, high density thick/coarse 2A/B(?) hair, and i don't really follow CGM. My products have sulfates and silicones in it, and I also brush my hair whenever i feel like it(note: I didn't try any sulfate and silicone free products yet because i didn't want to buy a whole new set of products lol). My routine is shampoo, condition, comb, scrunch, wash out the condition, gel and i plop it for an hour after that i let it air dry and I agree that it takes a lot of time and the only reason i do it because it is summer break as soon as school starts i will probably ditch this routine even though I really like my waves and it will be kinda sad to say goodbye to them because i just found out that they existed xd but i literally won't have free 5hours just to do my hair."
Slammogram,pdjlbr,"Wavy hair doesn’t need everything that curly or kinky hair needs. In fact, often, it’s resistant to creams, butters, oils AND GELS.

I have the same type of hair, the strands are fine, but I have a lot of strands. 

I don’t use gel or heavy products.  You can buy CG approved shampoo and conditioners rather cheap.  I do try to in general avoid sulfates and silicones.  I only use leave-in conditioner after shampooing and conditioning and never at the root. Only mid to end shaft.  I also only condition my hair mid to end shaft. And I only go a day after washing before I wash again.  I will once weekly or every other week use a sulfate clarifying shampoo.  Perhaps this method will work for you?  

I only wide tooth comb when my hair is soaking wet, and I do scrunch to wring it out, and then I microplop and plop, then microplop quickly again afterward.  Once fully dry I turn my head upside down and shake the roots out.  My waves are definitely more defined when I follow this.

All the other stuff that curlies do, I don’t do, it doesn’t work for me and is too time consuming."
Veganhemeroid,pdjlbr,"I’ve never fully went the cgm just because I never had enough money to get aaaalllll the products they tell you to use and I have fine wavy/curly hair that does NOT do well with most products besides shampoo and conditioners. I do however follow the techniques of styling and plopping and scrunching and all that as well as staying away from sulfates and silicones and those have helped a ton in getting my hair to be as curly as it can be which is way curlier than I ever thought my hair was (didn’t know I had curly hair till a few years ago, I just thought it was a frizzy mess naturally). I was happy to find out that a lot of people have stopped doing cgm or at least using their products because they too were experiencing more problems than good results so I feel like I dodged a bullet there."
Veleda390,pdjlbr,"I might be odd but I spend maybe 10 minutes detangling on wash days, and at most 15-20 minutes styling. That's a little more than wash and go people can do, but I don't think it's excessive. All my products are from the dollar store or Walgreens. Again, a little money, but overall I spend a lot less on my hair than when I felt I had to cut it every month because it was ""unmanageable.""

All mileage may vary, just don't want people to think you have to spend tons of time and money to do CGM.&&&I use a modified CGM because it works for me. Always thought I had unmanageable hair, my whole life. CGM definitely made my hair curlier and healthier. I never used to get compliments on my hair, now I do. People even compliment the color, because I think healthy hair shows color better.

For me I don't like silicones, can always tell when a product has them. They give my hair a ""fluffy"" feeling that to me is unpleasant, and it won't let my curl pattern ""catch."" I do use sulfate shampoo every two weeks or so, have to for build up. I swim so I use a chlorine removing product and it's quite drying. It takes a day or two for the oils to come back. I'll never go back to all sulfate.

But the bottom line is, you do what is good for your hair, because it's your hair."
WasabiPeas2,pdjlbr,I hate the CGM. My hair looks like shit with it. I gave it a couple of weeks and no. Never again. My hair looks best with my shampoo and conditioner from CVS and cheap hair gel.
amateredanna,pdjlbr,"I use parts of it. My hair has absolutely never tolerated going more than a day and a half between washes and can't be doing without shampoo -- no matter how long ive tried to get it to adjust or how many different types of products i try, by day 3 i look like im gonna start a grunge band. I do however use the bowl method with CG approved curl cream and mousse, and plop. The shampoo I use currently is CGM approved, but having said that I just discovered bumble and bumbles invisible oil range thanks to a sephora sample, and it dod AMAZING things for my hair, so I might be heading to Sally to buy their cheaper knockoff version sooner rather than later.

I think because CGM is genuinely useful for a lot of people and kind of counter to mainstream haircare advice, it breeds an environment of dogmatic evangelism in some users, where anything that isnt CGM approved must be bad. But uts your hair, not theirs! Take whats useful, and leave the rest behind."
areajumi,pdjlbr,"i’ve been trying for over a month to do cgm, but i hate the way it makes my hair feel. it always ends up hard and crunchy no matter how much i try to “scrunch out the crunch”. i’ve tried so many different ways to scrunch it out but nothing works. i hate the way it feels, so i’ve given up at this point lol. 

plus it makes my hair limp and flat, while it’s nice and full without cgm. i’d rather deal with the extra frizz than have my hair feel and look like that all the time. 

my hair type is 2a-2b. without cgm i just brush it and go about my day lol."
bmoobi,pdjlbr,What you like from the method is also what I discovered. I used to wash my hair everyday and now I don’t have to. And I like being “allowed” to try whatever products because I’ve had good results with non CGM products from the pharmacy
chai-means-tea,pdjlbr,"I have low porosity 2b/2c or at times 3a hair (when it’s long). 

 I’ve tried various products and methods for 5 years. Things are good on wash day and indoors but i have never understood what to do on the next day or how to maintain it in outside.

Now I’ve ditched everything and the only cgm I follow is using a shampoo and conditioner (Aussie) and occasionally the Aussie instant freeze gel."
cowsaysmeow14,pdjlbr,"I haven't even *tried* going sulfate-free with my shampoo. I have fine hair and oily skin/scalp and exercise a lot, it just seems like a recipe for disaster. 

What I have grabbed from CGM is primarily going silicone free and squishing my damp/wet hair to encourage the wave pattern. 

My hair is 2a-2c, super fine, dense and from what I can understand high porosity (soaks up water and products, low natural shine, tangles easily). 

I didn't even realize for decades that my hair IS wavy because silicone shampoo-conditioner would leave me with limp, frizz-prone, but ""straight"" hair that tangled like mad at the ends. 

Even layering multiple styling products can weigh down my waves like crazy in my experience so far, so I usually stick to one (mousse) for best results.

But since my hair air-dries fast, styling wet and microplopping isn't a monstrous time investment.

I don't really get moisture v. protein balance yet, all the styling products I've used have protein and my hair is always still kitten-soft - I never used any hair products beforehand and my hair is uncolored/not treated with any heat. 

All this to say it's all still kind of a mystery to me but my hair is indeed wavy and keeping it free of silicones seems to help is look that way without a painful amount of extra work."
doveinabottle,pdjlbr,"Same. In fact, I stopped looking at labels and now just try products and techniques that I think might work for my 2b/c super fine hair. I was driving myself batty buying new products and trying to do what felt like complicated and long routines. And do it ‘the right way.’ I’m just not that into doing my hair. 

So sometimes I try new products, but I don’t read the labels. I mainly stick with what works for me. I put in some curl cream and/or gel and scrunch a bit after showering. I wash my hair as often as I feel I need to, and if I work out hard, that might be two days in a row. I sometimes use a curling iron if my waves in the front aren’t poppin’ the way I want them to, and I’ll diffuse on high heat if I’m impatient or don’t have time. I’ll even brush my hair when it’s dry if I think it needs it. Overall, my hair looks just as good as it did when I was trying every product and technique under the sun. 

Ultimately for me, I want to like how my hair looks. As long as it’s healthy and I’m satisfied with the style, that’s good enough, CGM or not."
dragnfly1181,pdjlbr,"I stopped because it’s just way too much work and takes too many products. Plus, there’s no way I’m not coloring over these grays. Pshaw. I have 2b/c waves and I find using my normal shampoo/conditioner with silicone and scrunching some mousse in gives me the same effect as all that scrunching and squishing and layering. I just make sure to use a clarifying shampoo once a week."
ebba_and_flow,pdjlbr,"i am right in the middle! my hair HATES silicones, especially dimethicone. even before i knew my hair was wavy i avoided dimethicone because it gives me horrible dandruff. so, i don't use them (besides a few very specific water soluble ones that i have tested and know my hair doesn't react to) and because i don't use them i don't have a reason to use sulfates beyond clarifying washes. however, i don't actively avoid drying alcohols, parabens, etc, so i don't consider myself cgm. for context, my hair is 2bish, medium to high porosity, very dense, medium thickness. it also will full on poof if i try to dry brush it, you're very lucky"
einelampe,pdjlbr,"I did CGM for over two years and while I did appreciate the techniques for teaching me how to encourage my waves and ringlets to come back, so much of it just isn’t applicable to my curl pattern. I still avoid strong sulfates but I use a shampoo with a light silicone and don’t need conditioner anymore and my hair looks and feels amazing. No styling products, no leave ins, nothing. The waves didn’t disappear just because I started using silicones. A lot of the rules are for tighter curl patterns and drier hair. My hair is 2b and extremely fine and dense. CGM gave me frizz a lot of the time. My curls never lasted more than a day and a half. I spent so much time and money on it and while I appreciate the techniques I learned, it’s just not what my hair type needs.

ETA: CGM tore my scalp up. I have sensitive skin and my scalp was very irritated with all the essential oils in a lot of the products, and from the build up. I’m used to only washing my hair twice a week but the products were just too heavy for my scalp."
ericakay15,pdjlbr,"I don't. I've learned over the years that I don't need a lot or really any products in my hair, I have to use shampoo and conditioner or my hair feels and looks disgusting. 

I cannot follow the cgm or my hair will end up being a matted, disgusting mess that will take me DAYS to fix. 

Do what works for you. 

My routine is literally just shampoo and conditioner might throw a light weight curl cream if im going to braid my hair and might throw in a cream for frizz if it's super humid and is looking extra rough."
gunnapackofsammiches,pdjlbr,"Like a lot of people in here are reporting, I pick and choose. I do low poo and have for 3-4 years. I avoid silicones because they straighten my hair and sulfates because they dry it (and my scalp.) I don't brush except with a wet comb in the shower to disperse conditioner sometimes. I do squish to condish (most of the time.) I sometimes use gel or mousse, but typically on damp hair after I plop while I do my skin routine. When I do use gel/mousse, I do scrunch out the crunch. I only ever air dry because I am too lazy to blow dry. 

I've been using protein treatments more in the past 6 months. 

My hair is longer than it's ever grown, takes longer to get split ends than it ever has, and generally looks healthy and shiny. So I'm pretty happy with my routine. 🤷🏻‍♀️

But my hair does not need as much moisture and is not as prone to breakage as 3+ hair. I've got all the 2s."
hibroka,pdjlbr,"I pick and choose from CGM. I definitely do not stick to it anymore and my hair can range from wavy to pretty damn curly. It’s way too excessive to do all of it. 

I still use sulfates occasionally, especially more gentle ones. My hair can only tolerate small amounts of silicones so I don’t do that very often. I almost always low-poo instead of co-wash, and if I do wash with a conditioner it’s an extremely lightweight one from a conditioner bar. Probably use sulfates once or twice a week. 

I use very small amounts of leave in product, and it tends to be oils for frizz (I love Texture ID’s wavy line), scalp oils for nourishment/growth, or a pea size amount of cream. 

I stopped plopping after 6months of CGM because I got tension hair loss from it. I use mild heat styling still. I don’t tend to excessively scrunch, just a little bit for my hair to absorb product. I partially air dry and use a hairdryer the rest of the way most days but if I’m feeling patient I will fully air dry."
itsalwayssunnyonline,pdjlbr,"Because I like to heat style now and again, I can brush my hair out on day 3 or 4 without it getting frizzy, and I like the squeaky clean feel of sulfates. I’m 2a so the method probably isn’t meant for me in the first place, anyway."
justukyte,pdjlbr,"I don’t do full CGM cause I hate tangles on the first day after scrunching in gel. I prefer to be able to brush out anything I put in my hair every day. Most I do is sulphate shampoo, CGM conditioner on the scalp as it’s naturally dry now and silicone/silky conditioner on mid-lengths and ends for that extra slip, using seeweed technique. Silicones clog my scalp and leave a very unpleasant feeling, so I use a moisturizing conditioner on the scalp. After washing and drying I brush it all out several times, re-wet again and scrunch in some leave-in on the ends for extra volume, that’s it. The leave in does get clumps but it doesn’t get them tangled. I brush out every day with a few drops of oil."
kyondayo,pdjlbr,"Moderately-high dense, medium texture, high porosity 2b hair.

I mostly follow CG hair styling process but not the washing habits.

I shampoo my hair every other day. My scalp DOES NOT like going longer than 3 days. I don't necessarily avoid silicones or sulfates. I care more about making sure I'm using products that have a pH balance that my hair porosity likes, the product has proper ingredients to moisturize and strengthen, that I'm layering the products properly and washing away build-up regularly."
marymorose,pdjlbr,"I hate CGM. Without putting tons of time and effort into it, I end up looking like Severus Snape."
mencryforme5,pdjlbr,"Why do/don't you use CGM?&&&I don't use CGM, but I used to.

My hair is 2B, very fine, very dense, very low po (never dyed, never blow dried). Biggest issue is frizz.

I don't use CGM because it's very time consuming, very expensive, and very inconsistent. I am a ""unicorn"" in the sense that my hair looks pretty darn good with sulfates, silicones, no hair products, air dried. I was told about CGM that it would make my hair wavier. It didn't. Co-washing was fine enough but I could not use hair products, at all. 
But it changed nothing about my hair other than making it much darker at the roots (blonde) and losing more hair. 

Gel is the worst thing that ever happened to my hair Styling from soaking wet is the second worst thing that ever happened to my hair. Neither did anything for my frizz, and both made my hair straight, flat and limp. Ugh and the whole don't move or touch your hair for 6 hours while it's drying. Mousse was normally a ""night out"" trick pre-CG but with co-washing it just weighed it down. By the end of co-washing I began to believe my hair was not actually wavy. Also learnt I could get a cast from conditioner and was low-po.

So I switched to low poo, but my hair started rejecting conditioner (over moisturized). I was also still having the same issues with products. Started ACV 2-3x a week. So I had to go back to sulfates because my hair texture was beginning to have these matted oily patches and conditioner just made it worse. I think the low poo was enough to begin lifting the gunk but not enough to actually clean my hair. 


Low po means my hair is difficult to suds up with shampoo and difficult to rinse out shampoo. I literally need sulfates with silicones to help rinse out the shampoo, and then silicones for the frizz. I use more shampoo then I do conditioner, and I need to soak my hair for minimum 5 minutes before I can even hope to get a tiny bit of lather.

After my 3 year year CG experiment, my hair is finally starting to bounce back. Volume still isn't what it used to be but it's starting to be more manageable. My routine is shampoo, condition, towel dry, if planning on using product, dry 70% of the way and use a small amount of mousse (or brush hair in AM, then barely dampen and use a bit of mousse.

I'm making this post because in FB groups it seems like the only people who are ""successful"" at this method have high po hair and/or have crazy elaborate routines and/or diffuse their hair for like an hour every wash day. The diffusing the hair for an hour seems like the real ""game changer"" but I just don't understand doing all that to have ""healthy"" ""natural"" hair and then diffusing for an hour. 

So I just kinda want to ask, since obviously the groups don't usually allow this kind of discussion. Why do/don't you use CGM, what's your hair type (maybe there's a pattern) and how much work do you think is reasonable to have hair you can live with on a day to day basis.&&&Yeah I forgot to talk about the way it feels. I prefer my product free ""silky"" hair over the sticky feeling of gel or the dry/crunchy feeling of mousse.&&&I know what you mean! I really, really tried with CG and the FB groups are so weird. If you're not thriving on CG they'll say ""that means your hair is actually straight, if your hair was actually wavy then CG would work"".

 It was sort of culty and by the time I had the hair matting I just genuinely thought I had bad hair. When I went my whole life having ""good hair"" people would always compliment me on. I feel like I have to relearn how to wash my hair without scrubbing my scalp raw, and just relearning when to comb it, what a reasonable amount of product is, etc.. But I do know my hair looks better and I'm barely even spending any time on it.&&&http://imgur.com/gallery/hstum2T

Dry combed because I haven't washed my hair in 4 days and it's easier for me to not wait until conditioner to detangle my hair.  You can see how adding a tiny bit of water will clump it right back up but that volume is a force to be reckoned with.&&&Ha ha! My hair poofs if I brush it, so I only brush it if I am going to add water to it type situation. The poof is volume + shine, tiny bit of water to get it back to wavy, and then tiny bit of mousse to hold the lift I brushed into it. 

But yes just dry brushing is massive triangle hair, but I have that no matter what unless I have a shag haircut.&&&I also think the hair loss is coming from the ""scrub your scalp until your arms fall off"" approach to co-washing. But yes also the buildup clogging your hair pores. I'll be honest I genuinely feel like I'm just repairing the damage from CGM.

 But I also just want nice hair without having to use products/blow dryer. I'm *really* lazy about my hair and the only energy I'm willing to spend on it is being careful brushing/detangling. But losing half a day washing/styling/drying it is just not for me. I think I might have a different opinion if I used to dye my hair, straighten it, curl it, blow dry, etc.. 

If it had worked for me I might have been convinced but I think I'm getting way better results doing way less, and I think it looks healthier.&&&I didn't realize how much I loved silicones until I went without for 3 years and tried it again. Much like me and dairy.&&&Oh man. ""Ok I spent ten hours on this this will be sooo good time to SOTC. Fack.""&&&It's like all my hair was fused together in a weird heavy curtain. If I lifted up a strand then I was basically lifting up a curtain.  It would have been impossible to separate my hair to do a braid. It didn't look/feel like hair, it felt more like you know how water isn't drops of water close together but a homogeneous mass. It was kind of scary. 

I didn't use conditioner for a month after that and went hard on the ACV. But when I tried using conditioner again it would make my hair WAY more tangled and it was getting matted. I gave up the day I low-pooed my hair 3x in a row + ACV and it still didn't feel clean. I just felt it wasn't possible for sulfates to damage my hair more than what I was currently doing. I also would have sold my soul to the devil for the feeling of clean hair. I think I just had way too much conditioner buildup that at some point turned into waxy buildup. 

I haven't had any crazy issues since going back to silicones. The matting is definitely gone. I feel like I'm losing less hair, and my hair is bouncier/more definition than before, even with no products.&&&I could see if someone's hair dries fast then styling from soaking wet could work. For me it's like it starts off looking good but slowly it gets stretched out. If I continuously scrunch during the 6 hours it takes to dry then it's just limp flat and greasy looking. But if I actually don't touch it for six hours, then it straight, limp, flat and greasy looking. It does that even if I don't add products (although won't be greasy looking) it's just the weight of the water is too much for my hair, and products trap in the water which makes it even slower to dry, so straighter and straighter and straighter.

My hair does best when I remove as much water as possible early on. If I do that then my hair has volume, bounce, shine, etc.  If I add products after scrunching with a towel, say. I get so much more lift and tighter waves. 

That's sort of why it's easier for me to just dry it completely, then add the tiniest bit of water and product in my hands and scrunch."
mo_money_mo_bacon,pdjlbr,"I NEED sulfates, and my hair likes silicones. I tried so many no poo, low poo, co-wash products. For months and months. My scalp was on fire, flaky, and itchy. I went back to sulfates and finally my scalp is back to good health. I also don’t have the time or patience to fully commit to a lengthy routine. And putting lots of gel in my hair leads to a sticky disaster that never dries. 

But I’m glad I tried the method and found what I like: periodic clarifying, lots of moisture, protein treatments, no dry brushing, squish to condish, plopping, refresh sprays."
newtextdoc,pdjlbr,"At this point I don't follow CGM. Ive tried it on and off for a few years now and I'm just tired. My hair is  everything from 2a in the back to 3b in the front. Extra product didn't help my uncontrollable frizz, just weighed down any wave or curl i had. And oh god made my scalp so oily after 1 day. At this point I've given up on any extra product use. Only my shampoo and conditioner, as well as washing everyday bc i have an impossibly sweaty scalp.

The excess products also made me feel so wasteful since it was a lot of experimentation. Now I'm trying bar shampoo and conditioner to cut down on plastic waste too."
petrichor_unicorn,pdjlbr,"I use parts of cgm. I also have type 2 hair, and i have to use sulfates or my scalp gets easily built up. I like silicone free because I can go longer in between wash days. I also have less frizz, probably because I am actually using better quality products and listening to what my hair likes lol. Question though, what was your hairu like when it was over moisturized?"
picklesandmustard,pdjlbr,I don’t have time. I’ve read what you guys all say about your methods and it sounds completely exhausting. Plus I usually shower before bed. Plus I don’t care to buy $1000 worth of hair products over 6 months to find my one or two unicorn products. I have a one year old kid at home and it’s hilarious to think I’d have 30-60 minutes daily to make my hair look good.
sleepygirl2997,pdjlbr,"This thread has been so validating to me bc I constantly feel like I must be doing something wrong to make cgm not work for me. I periodically try to do cgm, but I always end up going back to just using products that work for my hair & not stressing too much about what is or isn’t “approved”"
super_vegan_alice,pdjlbr,"I have fine high density 2b hair. 

CGM just clicks with my hair. I grew up with ‘bad’ hair that would shrink from my but to my shoulders in a tangled mess- it didn’t look wavy/curly- just poufy and straight. After following cgm, I can get super bouncy pageant style curls if i spend the time and effort to use the right products and tons of gel and 2- hours styling time, on top of weekly treatments. Or, i can do minimal effort and use a specific cgm friendly conditioner and throw in some curl cream and have decent waves for a few days. My current cgm routine is cheap, easy, and requires no extra effort.

Silicones are fine for my hair occasionally- especially when i want volume. But, after a month of using siliconey products, my hair starts becoming unmanageable, poufy, dry, and just ugly, and I remember why I follow cgm.

My favorite vegan protein treatment has silicone, and it’s the one product i keep with silicone now until i find a replacement."
theoracleofdreams,pdjlbr,"I have 2c/3a hair (3a is my happy bottom curls, the 2cs are never happy). I tried following the CGM for about a month and my hair came out stringy and crunchy. So I modified my method last week to only conditioning when I get home from work (I take the bus and live in the Texas Gulf Coast Region, so showering daily is a must), use a conditioning curl cream and gel to sopping wet hair and gently brush the product into my hair, plop for 15 minutes, and then scrunch some more gel in and air dry (the diffuser on cool frizzes my hair so I don't do that). I get great curls, and am learning to live with some of my frizz (see where I live), but my hair looks full and not stringy like when I used the CGM."
twenyoneharries,pdjlbr,We have the same hair! I'm still struggling to find what works but honestly I just wanna wear a ponytail everyday because nothing seems to work
ultimomono,pdjlbr,"I'm not religious about it, but the wet styling with gel or curl cream was a huge game changer for me.  That's what made the biggest difference. I went from a frizzy, finger-in-the light-socket 2a to a 2c-3a just by doing that. Without it, my hair doesn't clump and is super frizzy. I like to clarify with sulphates every so often. My hair feels lighter after I do. Also learning how to take care of my curls at night and refresh in the morning. If I could just shampoo and condition and have nice, non-frizzy hair, I'd do it in a heartbeat.

I do think some of the CGM rituals are a bit of magical thinking (like the whole squish to condish thing makes no real difference for me). 

A lot of low-poos (like the Loreal ones) have silicones in them and don't have the ingredients to wash them out. That was an absolute disaster for my hair pre CGM."
vhackvorld,pdjlbr,It’s sticky & expensive. I’m 2b on a good day—I can either have curls by layering 3-4 products in my hair that take hoooours to dry or have it straight/wavy by hitting it with the blow dryer for 3 minutes. I still do it once in a while when it’s super humid + diffuse to keep it quick. I’m a daily or every other washer so it’s not worth the trouble (or heat damage) all the time.
vivxivx,pdjlbr,It made my hair fall out
writtenintoexistance,pdjlbr,"I totally get what you are saying! Thanks for opening up this discussion..sometimes I still feel a little bad that I quit following CGM. This method definitely has been a huge savior for a lot of people and glad for that, but it just wasn't for me! Main reasons were because I was tired of having to try so many different products since the ones I was using weren't CGM approved. It was time consuming, stressful and wasteful.. I'm also lazy/don't have lot of patience when it comes to this stuff. Most days, I like to just use a leave in, comb my hair and forget about it lol. Let the waves do whatever. I want to be able to run my fingers through my hair and not worry about tangles, breaking up clumps, and all that jazz. 

I learned that sulfates aren't the devil, which was important for me. No matter what sulfate free shampoo I tried (anywhere from cheapest drugstore to salon) they would eventually make my scalp itchy and flaky with continuous use. I used a scalp brush, spent time really trying to clean my scalp, but no matter what I tried, nothing helped. My hair likes sulfates and I decided not to keep forcing myself to make sulfate free work. I alternate now so I don't use a sulfate containing shampoo every single wash, but I don't worry about it anymore - I use it whenever I want. It feels so freeing to not have to worry about that or silicones, which actually work well for me. I get the concerns about both these ingredients, but we all have to see what's best for our individual situation. 
 
I do appreciate a lot of info I've learned about different methods, products, application and such. It also makes me super happy to see people embracing their natural hair and having a lot of success! The biggest positive I got from CGM was learning about microfiber towels, so yay for that. 😊 I'm glad I tried it, no regrets - now I know what works for me and what doesn't! Priority plays a role in what's sustainable, and for me, my priority is just to take care of my hair without spending a lot of time on styling... 5-10 min max is what I'm willing to do most of the time. 😂

For the frizz - oils/serums when hair is 90 percent dry or dry helps in my experience, as does combing in the leave in products, like leave in conditioner or curl creme. Glad you are seeing improvements in your hair!"
wutwutsugabutt,pdjlbr,"Thank you for sharing your experience! It’s helpful to see what works for some and more tips and tricks. I don’t do CGM b/c my hair is very fine and prone to greasy. I do low poo and once in a while cowash. 

I’m still trying out the different tips/tricks. Some folks recently mentioned in another forum I follow that they have better waves/results when they highlight their hair, their virgin roots are too sloppy/flat. Food for thought since the highlights accentuate their waves. My hairs are so tiny and sparse I wouldn’t risk the damage. 

Oh and yes I’ve never spent this much time or money on my hair/products. But it’s a quarantine and I have no life so it’s been a good diversion. 

BTW I also follow the no poo people because it’s interesting all the things they put in their hair instead of shampoo!"
PrestigiousAide7428,pdfcug,"What haircut should I get?&&&I have very voluminous hair that reaches my collarbone... During the pandemic I got curtain bangs (they look great) but I want to change things a little more, so:

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/pdfcug)"
