index,id,comments
Botanisosurus_Rex,mkb7sd,"Not bad for 2nd day hair with NO refresh!&&&&&&I have dense, fine hair with low porosity

My routine on wash day:

I washed inverted with shampoothie tea tree. Then I roped in NYM Curl Talk conditioner and brushed my hair out with my wet brush. I let the conditioner sit while I did everything else in the shower then rinsed it out. 

I made sure my hair was soaking wet when I turned the water off. Then, over a bowl, I applied Blueberry Bliss leave in conditioner with prayer hands and then squished. The bowl caught all the drippings, so then I dripped my hair into the bowl to soak it back up. Then I applied kinky curly curl custard with prayer hands, again over the bowl. Squished that in too. Then dipped my hair in the bowl again.

Next I plopped my hair for 20 minutes. Then I applied NYM Curl Talk mousse carefully over the curl clumps and squished. And finally just air dried!"
cpattzt,mkb7sd,"I have (almost) all these products, definitely gonna try this routine out! You look gorgeous!!"
-PennyLane_,mkapjh,I have fine wavy/curly hair. I was wondering if anyone knows of special products made specifically for fine hair?&&&
Veleda390,mkapjh,"I use a half poo product (Carol's Daughter Wash Day Delight), and go very light on leave in and curl cream because my hair will get weighed down quickly. I also use mousse if I can get away with it rather than gel. I switch to gel when it's humid or my hair gets too long for mousse to hold."
atoja88,mkapjh,"Herbal essences botanical conditioner has been good for me.  Also Live Clean Clean Air’s shampoo and conditioner have worked well for me.  Also I just bought Maui Moisture’s Lightweight curls + flaxseed shampoo and conditioner but only tried them once.  But all of those have been light enough on my fine hair, the live clean ones seem to have a lot of protein so that may be good or bad depending on what your hair needs"
Damsel_kalina,mk94ch,"1st time ever cutting my own hair 😁👌&&&&&&Routine : I used the Pigtail technique to cut my hair (from ManesbyMel on Youtube).

I washed a tiny bit with oneka lavender shampoo and conditionned with oneka lavender conditionner. 

I put my head upside down and brush it like that. After, still upside down, I put L'Oreal Collagen volumizing mousse, scrunched it in, Micro plop and Then I put Ecostyler gel with prayer hands and scrunch it in too. Micro plop again to give my hair great shape and ringlets, and then hover diffuse on high heat high speed.  

When I feel a cast forming, I begin to move my hair from side to side to hover. When a good cast is completely formed I lift my roots with the little spikes of the diffuser and when my roots are 60% dry I begin putting sections of my hair in the cup of the diffuser on the cold setting and stopping the hairdryer between each section (it is miraculous for frizz-free curls!)

After it is all dry, I put some JBCO on my hands and scrunch my hair with it to protect it. I did put a tiny amount of gel at the end to glaze the top of my hair to smoothe the little amount of frizz I had.&&&My hair needed it so badly !🤐 It's been more than 6-7 months since my last visit at the salon 😅 and if I would have messed it up, well it's gonna grow eventually anyways 😂

I didn't mess with layering and all that, I just wanted a little refresh 🤗"
elbws5,mk94ch,Two micro plops... going to try that next wash day!
michellevalentinova,mk94ch,Love the extra definition on the after photo and the new shape. Looks like a pretty good cut. I don’t think I would ever be that adventurous myself 😊
halfpasthopeful,mk6gam,"Starting a wavy routine with frizzy, dull hair...&&&&&&Hi, I’m new here! I have been straightening my hair for my entire life, and have always had issues with dry, frizzy strands around the nape of my neck. At its worst, my hair looked like straw. I recently realized I actually have wavy hair, after I had a bunch of hair loss from stress about a year ago (thanks, COVID). I probably lost about half the overall thickness of my hair. The replacement hairs grew in curly, and turned my head into a frizzy, unmanageable mess. They have grown long enough to settle in the past couple months, but I would like to embrace my waves moving forward for the overall health of my hair.

Based on those baby hairs, I believe I have 2b waves. My hair is highlighted, but still seems to take a little time to become saturated in the shower, so I’m guessing I have medium to high porosity. My hair is also very fine.

I recently tried this routine in an attempt to start my wavy journey:
1. Wash (scalp only) upside down with clarifying shampoo 
2. Condition/mask with Garnier Aloe 1-minute mask for 5 minutes. I used about a handful and brushed it through with a wet brush. Let sit for 5 minutes.
3. Saturate with water and squish to condish. 
4. Rinse. Squeeze a little water out with a towel.
5. Plop on a cotton tshirt for 10 minutes. After removing the plop, I had some decent curl clumps formed. I had issues keeping them intact while fixing my part and any weird pieces.
6. Glaze with Aussie Instant Freeze mousse. Scrunch gently just to reform clumps. 
7. Diffuse with warm air on low setting, upside down (not scrunching up yet, just blowing air down onto clumps from above). This started to form what I thought was a good cast.
8. When 90% dry, begin scrunching hair upward while diffusing. Continue until 100% dry.

I definitely learned how much harder it is to form waves from damaged hair. The lighter highlighted pieces I have tended to separate from clumps and hardly take on any wave pattern. I loved the volume this routine gave me, but I looked pretty wild overall. The top of my head was fairly smooth and wavy, but the bottom became stringy in a way that didn’t coordinate with the top. (Sorry, I didn’t take any photos, but will add some after my next wash day.) I assume this is because the longer strands are very fine and damaged from the highlighting. I did this same routine a few days later, but added pin curls to help define straighter pieces. Results were similar.

I would like to keep the length I have for now, while the baby hairs continue to grow. Any tips to help me form better, thicker curls on the bottom half? Or, other routine tips in general?

Thanks in advance!!"
Metallicat_333,mk2twg,"I’ve been wondering about this, too. Doesn’t heat protectant spray have silicone?"
michiaball,mk2twg,"Same here. I use mousse, curl cream, and leave-in conditioner, and honestly don't know if they provide the same protection as a heat protectant"
strawberry_cough29,mk2twg,"Do I still need to use a heat protectant in my routine?&&&For most of my life I brushed, blow dryed/straightened my hair. For the last few years I’ve been using HSI Argan Oil spray before blow drying/straightening my hair. I’d even use it if I was air drying. 

I’ve been doing the wavy/curly girl method for about a month. Ive been diffusing my hair mostly on warm setting. Sometimes I’ll use hot for my roots. I’ve still been using the spray, adding it as the first product in my hair after showering, and then I’ll put in a mousse. 

It seems like I don’t see other people using heat protectant in their routine. Should I still be using heat protectant spray? Is heat protectant not necessary? If I should be using it still, at what point in my routine should I add it? But I’m still using a blow dryer..."
BruceBonds,mk2hsq,VERY nice!! 👍
Upper_Western3794,mk2hsq,Looks amazing! So soft and shiny
cncld4dncng,mk2hsq,so pretty! reminds me of my hair but i still have a ways to go!!
lirae666,mk2hsq,"This is the first time I've been REALLY happy with my hair so far! I'm still learning but I loved the outcome of this wash!&&&&&&Thank you so much!&&&Thank you so much! ☺&&&I used XHC Hemp shampoo - roots only. (I'm not sure if it's CGM approved but I thought it might be a protein product? I should have checked...oops!)

Then I conditioned with Tresemme Botanique Coconut & Aloe Vera. I usually squeeze / squish water out before applying conditioner, but I thought I would try applying it on soaking wet hair this time. It turns out that applying it on soaking wet hair makes it way easier to apply, and I didn't need to use as much!

I left the conditioner in for a couple of minutes before squishing it out under the shower head. Immediately after this I squished out excess water and plopped into a microfiber towel while I dried the rest of me off.

I then detangled my hair before portioning off top and bottom. I brushed through the bottom layer with Denman brush before applying more water and then squishing in Shockwaves Curls and Waves Mousse. I repeated this with the top layer.

Hair was left to air dry for approximately 2 hours before I scrunched out the crunch.

I have fine hair that is bra strap length, and I think it's high porosity as it soaks up water like a sponge and dries fairly fast as well?

I hope this is thorough enough!"
bigsumocat,mk1zb0,Such pretty hair!!
loathe-entirely,mk1zb0,"Being in a depressed funk since the start of the year meant I didn’t have the motivation to properly take care of my hair. Did not expect it to bounce back this well!&&&&&&Honestly blown away by this. For the past 3 months I’ve just been blowdrying my hair straight on the highest speed and heat as it was the quickest way of getting my hair dry and took the least effort. It looked a state and so frizzy but I didn’t have the emotional energy to do anything more to it. This has made me so happy. 

Routine:
- Applied Noughty To The Rescue shampoo, focusing mostly on scalp and bringing a small amount down to the ends. Massaged in for a couple of minutes then rinsed fully.
- Applied a strawberry sized amount of the ginger conditioner from The Body Shop to the ends of my hair using squish to condish method. Continued squishing for a couple of minutes then rinsed.
- Applied Noughty To The Rescue hair mask (again about a strawberry sized amount and spread it over my palms to coat) using praying hands method then squished this in. Left for 5 minutes then fully rinsed out.
- After getting out of the shower I squished my hair again (no product) just to reform the clumps and wave pattern. Squeezed a pea sized amount of Cantu Curl Activator into my hand then rubbed it between my palms to coat them. Applied this to my hair using praying hands method then squished again to really get it in there. Plopped my hair for 30 minutes in a microfibre towel.
- After removing the towel, I spritzed approx 10 sprays  of the Noughty Hello Curls primer into my hands then applied using praying hands. Bit more squishing just to help set the wave pattern. 
- Squished a golf ball sized amount of Umberto Giannini Curl Jelly into my hair then diffused on medium heat and speed until fully dry. Combination of hover diffusing and pixie diffusing. 
- Finally, used a satin hair bonnet to scrunch out the crunch and arranged my hair how I wanted it."
BigFatBlackCat,mk1ljm,"Can I ask: your hair looks curly to me, not wavy. But I've noticed that on a lot of posts on this sub, so I feel like I don't understand the difference between curly and wavy hair. Can you tell me the difference?"
DiaPanquecito,mk1ljm,"Today is one year of my hair journey!&&&&&&I don't know if I can explain that much (so sorry if this is not the answer you're looking for), but personally I always considered waves just a looser type of curl, and I classify my hair in the middle of wavy and curly (Before last year that I started to style it, use products, stop heat and chemical process, I said that my hair was fully wavy, but now I say that it's between tight waves and loose curls, because my hair doesn't form ringlets everywhere, e.g. half of my fringe forms an ""s"" wave, and the other half forms a ringlet without me trying); I think part of the problem is that we don't have an even pattern, most of us have an assortment of patterns (even people in the tight coils have looser patterns in their hair), and because we hope for our whole head of hair to have just one pattern, it gets kind of confusing the whole ""classification"" of your hair type

I hope this helps you, even if it's a little

ETA: I just took [this picture](https://imgur.com/a/aeTFIoY), just to show what I'm telling about the different patterns, this is the front of my face, and as you can see there are like 3 different patterns in there (also, my left side is more wavier, the right side it's more curly)&&&Routine: Washed my hair with the head and shoulder with caffeine, and the girls with curls conditioner

Put the girls with curls cream in my whole hair, then I sectioned in top and bottom, brushed both sections (starting with bottom) with the denman brush (horizontal, and from below and out); when finished with both section I flipped my hair to the right and brushed the top that you could see, then did the same with the left

Plopped my hair for 5 minutes, and then glazed the eco style olive oil gel, and scrunched a bit, then let it air dry&&&Thank you so much! 💜"
InspiredBlue,mk1ljm,Gorgeous hair!
PM-ME-FUNFACTS,mk1ljm,oh my goodness! So beautiful
RunawayHobbit,mk1ljm,"What kind of hair do you have? Porosity, fineness, etc?"
T_Nichole,mk1ljm,Girl them curls are bomb!!! Just Beautiful
bright_star0,mk1ljm,Your curls are amazing! I'm happy that you embrace your natural curls!! Looking really on you 😃
forestchoir,mk1ljm,"Not trying to take away from O.P.'s explanation.

The way I understand it, waves are hair with an ""S""-shaped pattern.  Curls are more spiral-shaped forms.  And then there's wurly hair, which is a mix of wavy and curly."
Avimatic,mk0uep,"My hair is fairly short, but I normally end up using a scrunchie to put it up in a pony tail and then use a refresh spray when I'm done to encourage the wave to come back where it loosened up. I will also try to time washing my hair for right after I work out but that's a hit and miss strategy."
SweetNSauerkraut,mk0uep,"I use a spiral hair tie (like invisibobble) to tie my hair up when I work out. Granted I lift, I don’t run, so I’m not sure if it’s tight enough for jogging or anything. After I work out I do a refresh (spritz with water to dampen and reactivate product)."
VixenAlert,mk0uep,"I’m not sure how long your hair is, but maybe you can try twisting your hair for a low pony at the nape of your neck and then clipping the hair up vertically with one of those longer sized jaw tooth clips. I do this for work outs and it keeps that kink area more in the waves rather than at the top."
amosthefamos,mk0uep,"Hi my fellow wavy hair people, how do you tie your hair properly without ruining your waves?&&&For example if it's a hot day or if you wanna work out. I usually do a slightly high bun or ponytail, and it ends up looking weird when I let it down later. For eg; the top looks straight whereas the part where the ponytail was at looks big and frizzy. How do I avoid this?"
darmander,mk0uep,"I also find large hair clips are the best for keeping hair off my face and is easiest to do quickly vs trying to do buns and ponytails. Those always look messy for me and pulls on the hair more than clipping it, imo. When you let the hair down the waves won’t be flattened down. 

I got 5.5” ones off Amazon for my long hair and love them. I also think it looks cute when I pull out little wavy tendrils and it looks like a soft, casual updo."
hermitjoon,mk0uep,"i’m far from any athletic caricature, but when i wanna keep hair out of my face (and not generate frizz) i use velvet scrunchies. weirdly enough i find they have a similar effect to satin or silk (as in it doesn’t generate friction and frizz)"
Koakage,mk01gq,Im’m no professional but maybe look into the protein moisture balance if you havent already. It helped me alot. Your waves look great though!!
LadyLyssie,mk01gq,"3 days progression on my hair trying curly girl method&&&&&&I’m using probably not the best products but they’re what I found for now

-coconut curls by OGX both shampoo and conditioner
-curl scrunch controlling gel by garnier
-Aussie miracle curls defining oil
-Aussie miracle curls mousse maximum hold

I shampoo the top of my head and bring the leftover down to my ends, condition my ends and finger detangle, then I flip my head upside down and squish in the conditioner. I rinse about 60% of the conditioner out of my hair and then apply the curl defining oil with “praying hands” and scrunch it in, then do the same with the gel. After the gel I squeeze out a lot of the excess water and apply the mousse with praying hands and scrunching. 
Once I’m done I scrunch my hair in  t-shirt until it stops dripping and then plop for 20-30 minutes. After I plop I diffuse my hair for a few minutes and then let me hair air dry the rest of the way. After it was fully dry I scrunched the crunchiness out of my hair.&&&My hair was cut in a single layer to make my “straight” hair seem thicker. I’m thinking of getting a cut that will maximize my waves"
whit_flinn,mjzyde,"Yer prob gonna have to baby it a bit. I’d suggest deep conditioners and adding a protein filler to your routine, should help get those waves back!

Olaplex, Repair me, or Bond Salve by curlsmith!"
zxminne,mjzyde,hairdye/bleach damage: how to get back to where i was? advice needed 😅 (explanation in captions)&&&&&&thanks! I'll try get my hands on it :)
Wavyhaircare,mjz82i,Not Your Mother's brand is cruelty free and their products are pretty affordable.
innerlight42,mjz82i,Garnier was just recently certified cruelty free!
janehardcastle,mjz82i,"Noughty products are cruelty free and vegan, and reasonably priced!"
voidcina,mjz82i,"Love, Beauty and Planet is about $6 for a pretty big container of either shampoo and conditioner. They independently certified Cruelty-Free and Vegan by PETA, source: https://crueltyfree.peta.org/company/love-beauty-planet-unilever/, I know it’s sulfate free... it does have fragrance that might make extreme curly hair dry but i’ve got 2b/2c hair and it works pretty well for me!"
wifeypoopoo,mjz82i,"Cruelty Free Products&&&Having trouble finding cruelty free curly products that aren't super expensive. And I'm afraid to bite the bullet and it not work for me. Anyone have some recommendations? 
FYI- My hair is 2a-2b with dry ends (not sure about porosity)"
1lilBike,mjygjd,"I have tried for years to figure out a routine that works with CG, hard water and low waste, and I've basically totally failed.  Kudos to you!"
boudicca_morgana,mjygjd,"Update: I posted on here a few days ago cos my hair was a mess. Took some of your advice and gave it a bit of TLC! (Swipe for before—literally 2 washes difference)&&&&&&Im still learning about things like porosity, but i know i have a lot of very thick hair!
Routine:
Lush seanik bar shampoo
Lush big conditioner bar
Lush sea spray
Umberto giannini curl jelly
(Sorry for the format 😬)&&&So on the before photo I had used a Castile soap bar for shampoo. It was a (bad) recommendation for a no waste low-poo option and I was trying it out. It did not work. Lol I also had Argan oil in my hair on the second pic, and in the after photo had also tried microplopping as well! A lot of conditioner also helped!!&&&Thank you!!&&&What I did was just give up and use lush products and then just wash my hair less often. Idk how it’s going to work long term but That’s that for now!!&&&Replying with the same text as my other comment just to cover my bases!

Im still learning about things like porosity, but i know i have a lot of very thick hair! Routine: Lush seanik bar shampoo Lush big conditioner bar Lush sea spray Umberto giannini curl jelly (Sorry for the format 😬)"
hubiwoobie,mjygjd,Beautiful!!
manilagaloshes,mjygjd,What all did you change in your products and techniques between the before and after photo?
NoGuide,mjyc92,"Love when the effort pays off&&&&&&ETA: I am 2a/2b extremely fine hair, low porosity, and medium to high density.

Washed my hair the day previously with Trader Joe's Tea Tree Tingle shampoo and conditioner. I use a shampoo brush on my head because it saves my nails and also I just like the way it makes my head feel.

This day I just got my hair wet in the shower since I knew I was going to style it and put it in a microfiber towel as I got out of the shower while I got dressed

Take hair down: spray with water mixed with Blueberry Bliss Leave-in as a detangling spray/to add water back into my hair. I don't get it 100% soaked again but it is way past damp. 

Section hair (this was my first time really trying this and I think it did wonders): bottom/underside and then the top section is divided into two - right and left. 

I started with the underside and then move to the upper layers. I use about a quarter pump of Uncle Funky's Daughter Curly Magic Curl Simulator - rub it in my hands with a little water and add a couple drops of Neutral Protein Filler. Glaze hair and then scrunch. Top off with Eco Style Krystal gel by rubbing about a dime sized amount between my hands with water, glazing, and scrunching. I may increase or decrease the amount of product used per section if need be. 

Pixie diffused to 80% dry and tried to keep flipping my hair a bit which usually helps with volume but didn't really today - I think because I didn't wash my hair. So topped it off with Batiste volume dry shampoo when it was 100% dry. Scrunch out the crunch and fluff roots!"
Upper_Western3794,mjyc92,Beautiful 💓
Fine_good_okay,mjra3b,"Are cheap shampoo and conditioners = low quality?&&&I went to the hairdresser a couple of days ago and she asked me what shampoo and conditioner I used. When I told her (low sulfate shampoo from the supermarket and fructis hair food - the banana one for dry hair) she said those products where likely drying my hair out and I needed to buy better quality products. Then proceded to offer me some they sold at the salon.

This left me thinking. Is this true? Are cheaper products from the supermarket going to be lower quality & dry my hair; and you should invest in higher priced products? Or was she just trying to sell me their products?

Has anyone felt a big difference when buying fancier shampoos, conditioner and masks?

Hope this isn't a dumb question!&&&Good to know! I started whith cheaper products because I just started the CGM and I didn't want to spend too much €€€€€ at the beginning, as it can be quite overwhelming

Thanks!&&&It all comes down to experimenting then? It makes sense, but that does seem like a lot of products money and time! Luckily I think I have it a little figured out :)&&&I keep hearing great reviews about both brands! It's frustrating because they don't sell those in Spain aghh&&&I'm going to try the websites you suggested! I've been using Curlsbot to check ingredients but I don't love it"
Istinline,mjra3b,"Tbh, it sounds like she was just trying to sell you something. It all comes down to the ingredients and concentration of them and what your hair likes. She could sell you liquid gold and your hair still could reject it. 

The only noticeable difference for me, was adding more protein and less glycerin but that was an ingredient choice and not a brand one. 

Keep doing you if you are liking the results!"
Roastots,mjra3b,"Curlyscan.com and Isitcg.com

You may not have curly-curly hair, but these sites have familiarized me with the hundreds of chemicals I may come accross.  You may want to systematically experiment with ingredients, i.e. try to only change one factor at a time and record the results.  

I will also pay extra for more natural and less harsh ingredients: $5-10 vs. $2-4 for Suave.  On the other hand, I used literally nothing, only water, in my hair for years, and it was just a waxier texture, lol.  I choose to overcomplicate my hair for beauty purposes, not health per se."
TaraFairy,mjra3b," It always depends on the ingredients and whether your hair likes the products. There are good salon products but also bad ones, the same goes for drugstore products. But of course they want to sell their expensive products."
bigsumocat,mjra3b,"Over the decades I’ve tried supermarket and bought salon with no discernible difference. Because I would go in for colours they would sell me the “colour protectant” shampoo with minimum questions or understanding of my hair. Occasionally if I said I wish had had more volume in my limp thin hair, they would try and sell the volume line. It wasn’t until I read about cgm and realised my hair needs moisture and protein, suddenly it starting behaving in such amazing ways, I have all the volume I ever dreamed of once I started not treating it like failed straight hair. I now buy good quality wavy friendly supermarket products (ogx I’m liking lately) and am really happy. With the money saved I can splurge on olaplex products at home. Buy products within your means that make your hair feel good."
callmegemima,mjra3b,"The salon brands also own the drug store brands, so it’s likely just a lag to get the newer chemicals. 
Comes down to ingredients as everyone says. 
I found a brand called hello noughty at my supermarket that I’m very into at the moment."
hepugtitis,mjra3b,"Bizarrely, my hair actually does WORSE if I try to use higher end products because they tend to have silicones or are just too concentrated and over-moisturize my hair. (I have 2A, probably low porosity hair.) I ""upgraded"" to Suave conditioner from v05 and my waves loosened from the increased moisture. There may be some higher-end, silicone free, lightweight conditioners out there, but I don't feel a need to switch to them when I can find v05 at the supermarket."
itsalwayssunnyonline,mjra3b,i use Aussie products which cost like $4 a bottle and i haven’t had any problems
neverseektotell,mjra3b,"I’ve been looking into ingredients recently. I think there’s a middle ground. With high end products you’re partly paying for packaging and branding. With low end, there seems to be a lower content of effective desirable (at least for my hair) ingredients and a number of preservatives etc. 

I use faith in nature because their conditioner ingredients list is so short and I understand everything each one does. Looking through the cheaper ones (for example Alberto balsam), there seems to be a ton of unnecessary shit in there designed to use up % content as much as possible so that manufacturers don’t have for fork out for as much of the good stuff. 

I’m very pro going slightly more expensive for FIN. I want to preserve my scalp health, avoid any ingredients that I don’t understand as long as possible, keep it simple and act preventatively in terms of hair loss etc. 

This isn’t to say that cheap products are ineffective. I’m a big fan of eco styler, for example. I would just say stick to a few ingredients you understand and make them work for you."
professionalhippo1,mjra3b,"In the last year I have been learning how to care for my hair I have found plenty of popular drug store stuff that didn’t work for me (the LA looks blue gel, Giovanni 50:50 shampoo and conditioner, curls blueberry bliss leave in) some popular drug store stuff that my hair absolutely loves (cake mousse, Eco Styler Olive oil gel, Aussie instant freeze gel, Maui moisture shine + awapuhi shampoo and conditioner, Giovanni root 66 shampoo and conditioner),  some popular higher end stuff that didn’t work for me (AG recoil, curl smith in shower style fixer, Ouidad climate control gel) and some high end stuff my hair loves (innersense shampoo and conditioner, I create volume, jessicurl spiralicious gel).  

I really wish it could be more cut and dry, it would definitely make things easier lol but it’s just not. 

I think that she was trying to score a commission by getting you to buy those products but it’s still possible she might genuinely think the products are worth it."
w11f1ow3r,mjra3b,"I went to a salon once and they put Bumble& Bumble in my hair. $30-35/ bottle each for shampoo and conditioner, so a $70ish investment total. It felt amazing and I love B&B products.....but I can get similar results with Ogx ($6-8) or Not Your Mothers from the drug store. Sometimes the fancy stuff is worth it for me, but not all the time. Honestly most of the time I’m not willing to spend the money to test it out. I would say $15 is my upper limit for what I’m willing to spend on an every day product and it would have to be amazing."
barelysane_jane,mjo1hv,Did the hairdresser wash your hair or put any other products in your hair when styling? Maybe you need to do a reset wash with a clarifying shampoo to get rid of any products she used!
manilagaloshes,mjo1hv,Definitely do a good clarifying reset wash. I like the neutrogena clarifying shampoo or the V05 one but I hear a lot of people like the Suave daily clarifying one as well. I’ve also heard that some people get “curl shock” after hair cuts and it can take a few weeks or so to get back to where it was pre-haircut so just try to be gentle with it and let it do its thing for now.
michaelanaz,mjo1hv,"my hair right after haircut and my hair two washes and a week later. what do i do?? I have 2c hair, but the hairdress blow dried and curled my hair. what do i do?? my old hair routine doesn’t work :((&&&&&&Okay got it! I’ve been on vacation and have been using hotel shampoo & conditioners ☹️☹️When I get back I’ll try to just let my hair take it’s course. It’s so annoying cause i have two curtain bangs that have super wack curl patterns and whenever I put my hair in a bun or up the bangs come out and look horrible."
IttyBittyPip,mjmxf4,"I feel like I’m doing something wrong!&&&&&&Hi! I’ve been trying to do CGMethod for 2ish months and my hair has been a big disappointment. The wavy pattern in the picture is how my hair would look normally, before CGMethod, when I didn’t brush it. So I feel like this method is doing nothing. Maybe I’m doing something wrong, or it’s the products. Is there someone that knows more then me that can help? I’m clueless when it comes to hair. My hair is softer then before, but that’s it. 

My routine: Cleansing wash, monthly with, Suave Daily Clarifying Shampoo. Just did this morning.  
Shampoo weekly with: Moisturizer Shampoo from Hibar
Cowash: every other day, to when I feel like it, with Moisturizer Conditioner from Hibar 
(I wanted to go as package free as possible)
Styling products: JessiCurl Gelebration Spray and Confident Curls (just stated using this product) 
Dry and plop for a random time in a cotton teeshirt (this last wash it was for a half hour) 
Let air dry. My hair is rarely crunchy. 
Some other random facts. I sleep with a satin bonnet, it’s often up (sometimes when still damp) because, I have trichomania disorder, meaning I pull my hair out, and I work in a kitchen. I’ve been trying to challenge myself by letting my hair down when I’m off. Also, I’m vegan, so vegan products are important to me! Maybe I need some extra vitamins though? My hair does break easily. Can anyone offer any advice? I’m sorry if this is hard to read. I have awful writing skills. 😬 I’m super embarrassed to ask for help too. Haha! 😅"
barelysane_jane,mjmxf4,"I've found that conditioner bars just don't work well for me...they don't provide enough moisture for my hair...might be the same for you too. It could also be that your hair isn't getting enough protein because I've heard that fine hair tends to need more protein than thicker hair.

I know you want to limit your waste, so if you wanted to try something different you could try using the Viori conditioner bars which have protein in them (and are vegan), or you could try a liquid conditioner (I know that the brand Love Beauty and Planet is selling their conditioners in aluminum packaging at some Target stores!) and then if you felt like it you could also try adding a neutral protein filler to the conditioner (I've never tried that personally, but I've seen it recommended on here before)."
whit_flinn,mjmxf4,Are you having trouble with definition of volume? My hair didn’t really start responding until like 3-4 months...
ImnotwhoIm_,mjm9qm,Before/After&&&&&&There is no routine
Ima_Jenn,mjm66m,"I have Joico JoiWhip, super fine low density mid neck shag. I am having trouble dialing in how much to use. I keep overdoing it and can't scrunch out the cast.

If Joico is working for you, bumy all means don't change it, BUT,

I've had good success with TreLuxe Hi Definition under Giovanni Foam.

I just use a little bit of the gel (maybe 4 garbanzo beans) and 4-6 pumps of foam.

I just posted some stuff to OPs reply to you that you might be interested in given that you have fine wavy hair like the two of us. 

It's a bunch if stuff about fine hairs need for protein. (Aparantly it needs as much as someone with high porosity).🤯

https://www.reddit.com/r/Wavyhair/comments/mjm66m/help_productroutine_advice_needed_for_recently/gtf3ty5?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share&context=3"
artemiscrossing,mjm66m,Mousse or gel! Some people have better luck with one or the other. Mousse doesn’t work for me but gel is my favorite product. Just a heads up for if you try one and it doesn’t work out :)
callmegemima,mjm66m,"My hair is really similar to yours, 2A with some B mixed in. I use a co-wash and conditioner when I wash every 3 days. I like to use curl cream alone for lazy days but find I get good definition if I add a gel. My hair falls every day though, so I need to mist and reset heavily every morning.

Plopping doesn’t work at all for me. 

The denman brush can be great though!"
i_snarf_butts,mjm66m,"Get a mousse.  Plop until 60% dry, mousse and diffuse, then scrunch out the crunch  You have really fine, soft looking hair, which looks amazing by the way. You need something to help hold the definition.  I'd avoid gels as that might weigh your hair down too much.  I use joico mousse and it works amazingly well in my fine, medium density hair.  Like your hair, my hair is really soft abd without some mousse it becomes a fluffy, puffy mess with little definition."
josetheconquerer,mjm66m,Not your mothers curl talk line
whit_flinn,mjm66m,"I’d just say if you want more defined waves then a mouse or gel will give you that! Probably go with something lighter, it looks like you have fine hair. 

Gel I like (I’m 2a fine hair) : ecoslay OM but I find I do best with aloe/flaxseed gels

Mouses I like: HE twisted good, innersense foam is okay, nice and not too fragrance heavy.&&&What’s your current routine?"
yungspicymeatball,mjm66m,"Help! Product/routine advice needed for recently cut 2a/2b hair&&&&&&Thank you for the advice! I’m definitely gunna pick up a mousse or gel next time I’m at the store.&&&Thank you! I always thought mousse wasn’t useful for ppl with fine hair, but by the looks of it I was definitely wrong lol&&&-Shampoo and condition with Redken color extend (I comb the conditioner through with a wide tooth comb before rinsing) 
-Air dry and then sometimes I run Hask Argan oil thru with my fingers 

I use Not Your Mother’s Clean Freak Tapioca Dry Shampoo on the days I don’t wash my hair.

Edit: btw I’m planning to ditch any “color preserving” products for a while since I’m growing out/trying to fade my old color&&&Thank you so much! Do you recommend any specific brands?"
