index,id,comments
AdoraThroughFire,l4eqis,Your hair looks absolutely amazing!!!!!
SadlyNotanAlien,l4eqis,"People seem to like the curl enhancing smoothie, I wish they had a product like that for type 2 hair!"
amv2926,l4eqis,"your hair looks incredible! is it fine or course and how thick/ dense would you say your hair is? just curious because i think mine is very similar to yours. also, how much of each product do you use?"
copper_moon,l4eqis,Beautiful!
melmalice318,l4eqis,"I am just starting my journey and have a very similar hair texture. I'm so glad to see that this is working for you, as I actually have just started with these products that you mentioned. This gives me a lot of hope!"
rnicholson1,l4eqis,"Grew up in a family that has straight hair, didn't know how to manage my waves till recently and I'm no longer feeling self conscious about my hair! Thanks you everyone!&&&&&&High porosity hair, highly frizzy normally. I was co washing but did not find success with that. My scalp hated it and the build up weighed my hair down. So I switched to shea moisture intensive hydration shampoo and conditioner. I wring my hair out, comb through shea moisture curl enhancing smoothie and palm apply sports gel. Probably should use a different gel but it hasn't dried out my hair and doesn't leave a hard cast. It's the life brand ultimate hold. Felt like crying today because it's the first time I've worn my hair down without a hat or putting it up in a bun instantly. Feels good.&&&Thank you so much :) I appreciate your kindness!!"
ruler_of_potatoes,l4eqis,Your hair looks beautiful! This is what I’m hoping my long wavy hair will look like soon.
violetpolkadot,l4eqis,Absolutely beautiful! I love your hair texture!
QuiteBookish,l4e1ka,I’m thinking about trying a denman. Did you remove any rows when you tried it?
rosielizard,l4e1ka,"Denman brush vs without.&&&&&&Routine:

NYM Curl Talk shampoo + conditioner.
STC
Curls Blueberry Bliss leave in brushed through.
Curls Creme Brulee Curl Cream
Curls Blueberry Bliss Gel
Aussie Instant Freeze Gel

Yes, I layer the gels. They help with the hold."
alicia_78,l4di90,help with Products and definition&&&So my hair is quite difficult when i come out the shower and i have washed my hair after shampooing and conditioning and after adding products my hair has like hardly any definition just slight frizzy waves and just a few curly bits and a lot of it turns out straight but when i come back after the rain i have all these curls and waves that pop up how do i achieve this after washing my hair i can never find a shampoo and condionier or styling product that will bring out my natural hair like that
00926,l4cg2e,Curious about this too!
Chloebugs,l4cg2e,"Not OP but I either wash/style my hair right before going to an appointment or take pictures of it freshly washed/styled and show my stylist. I have the kind of 2a hair that will fall straight after day one so some people look at me like I’m crazy when I say its wavy. You should definitely go for a curly cut if you want it tho, it totally changed my waves for the better"
Dani7137,l4cg2e,Looks amazing!! Do you plop at all?
KatenBaten,l4cg2e,"Hello fellow wavy, I'm about to make an appointment for my first curly cut. How did that conversation go? Did they believe you that your hair was wavy/curly? Did you style it a certain way before your appointment? I guess I have misgivings going for a curly cut when my hair isn't always obviously curly. Just nervous I guess."
Violet283,l4cg2e,Im sorry but whats a curly cut?
aninconvenientpoo,l4cg2e,I’m in love with you look! ❤️ congrats on the gorge curls!
copper_moon,l4cg2e,"Gorgeous!

This gives me so much hope. Your texture looks really similar to mine. Thank you for sharing the routine you use!"
cozyspacecadet,l4cg2e,Cute waves and I love your color.
kansas_hooper,l4cg2e,"Got my first “curly cut” and I’m in love!&&&&&&Soooo i am really lucky because my stylist is also one of my sisters best friends so I’ve known her for years. And she also has curly/wavy hair. She didn’t give me specifics on what the curly cut exactly was but she cut it dry and put in tons and tons and tons of layers.&&&Routine:

Wash with Bumble and Bumble Curl shampoo. Condition with Shea Moisture Curl and Shine. Kinky Curly Knot Today as my leave in. Then Curl Smith Feather Light Protein Cream and Bouncy Strength Volume Foam for styling. I also have been LOVING the Curl Smith Bond Curl Rehab Salve and alternate it with Olaplex 3 before my shampoo on wash day.&&&Thank you!!&&&So I don’t know specifics but from what I saw she cut it dry and put in a toooooon of layers.&&&Thank you!"
maddylucy,l4cg2e,I absolutely love your hair colour!
mutantbitch,l4cg2e,You look so pretty!! 💙
nervestajane,l4cg2e,Gorgeous color; it really makes your eyes pop.
rainbowgucci,l4cg2e,"Not OP, but you can ask for texturized layers. I tend to get mine cut in more of a V or U shape too because I have long thick hair."
snp223,l4cg2e,I’m in love with your hair color omg 😍
thecanarybirdie,l4cg2e,"Marinette?? Is that you??&&&btw i absolutely love your hair!! The cut looks really good on you, and those waves are goals"
tinbasher97,l4cg2e,Your hair looks amazing and I love the colour!
trisarrratops,l4cg2e,You look amazing! I’m so in love with this hair
Daisyfay1414,l4bay0,Hairstory Balm
Least-Somewhere,l4bay0,I love the not your mothers leave in (the honey one). As I am also is a pretty good leave in as well and it doesn’t have as strong as a smell
helldog89,l4bay0,I've recently started using noughty leave in conditioner and really love it
nizzi521,l4bay0,"Lightweight leave-ins / wash n go&&&Routine: Global Keratin shampoo and conditioner, bb primer spray, denman brush to coat, gently squeeze hair in plop until damp. Denman brush Ouidad mousse, spray Ouidad gel, very loosely pineapple until cast forms. Let out of the pineapple until fast hardens, then gently scrunch. 

Question: I absolutely love my routine, but there are days that I want just a little bit more moisture, or want to give my hair a break and just add a light leave-in. Any recommendations?&&&I’ve tried that, but unfortunately it led to some product build up. Good idea tho!&&&Ohh I’ve never even heard of that one! Is [this](https://www.ulta.com/intensive-care-leave-in-conditioner?productId=xlsImpprod16431067) it?&&&NYM didn’t work for me in the past, but I use the As I Am clarifier on occasion and love it. I’ll try their leave in!"
pilfernoodles,l4bay0,"Since you already have a conditioner you really like, try leaving a little of it in your hair during your wash routine—just don’t rinse as thoroughly as usual. Or, to use more like a leave-in product, put a small amount of your conditioner in your hand, add water and mix in your hand prior to glazing over your hair."
Daisyfay1414,l4b6d0,"Do not recommend. I have the same kind of hair . (my tip : deep conditioning with protein, try to get your curls to clump, squish in a curl cream with the bowl method.
After your done with the bowl: glaze and scrunch in a mousse, and then the same for gel. Squeeze out all the moisture with a microfiber towel, and then diffuse.
I also found that I needed more product because my hair is so thick"
bryannadz,l4b6d0,"Like A Virgin by Coco and Eve&&&Anyone tried this? It seems like a miracle but it’s expensive! My hair is so bad though so if it works it’s worth it to me! Just for reference I’m talking about Hagrid level frizz and thickness, with wavy and curly combo hair.&&&Thank you!"
dinosaurholiday,l4b0dt,"100% Jessicurl wash day is the best ever&&&&&&Full disclosure, I also changed my part from one side to the other. That never helped much before, but I took a chunk out of my hair by accident while trimming a shrub the other day. Tried and failed to fix it and don't want to go to the salon right now...&&&Day 2 update: I removed my hair from the baby pineapple I sleep in. Fluffed the roots, touched a couple spots with a wet hand to get them slightly damp, barely scrunched those spots. It looks good!! It's so good that I put on makeup even though I'm going  nowhere and have no zoom meetings today.&&&Second wash day with these products is still really good. I think I used too much Spiralicious gel this time, or maybe using the brush rather than the comb broke the clumps more, but I'm still happy overall. Ordering full sized products.&&&Jessicurl: gentle lather shampoo, aloeba daily conditioner, gelebration spray, spiralicious gel, hammock diffuse + air dry, aquavescent hair spray. So thrilled with the result."
Izzygetsfit,l49ygc,"Styling products by design block water from getting in and out as easily. This helps to keep the hair in the desired shape, but the trade off is that it takes longer to dry."
Wavyhaircare,l49ygc,This is true for me as well. I think it's the norm pretty much.
me-me-123,l49ygc,"This happens to me too, especially when I use gel. (Which is why I wash my hair at night). Takes a while, but the results are worth it."
neverseektotell,l49ygc,"Yes, this is normal. This is why I keep products out of my roots (wet scalp for me = trouble) and hover diffuse on high heat to start with whilst it’s still really wet."
wrappedinpetals,l49ygc,"Hair dries faster without products?&&&I'm new to the cgm/wavy girl method. I don't heat style my hair ever. It's not colored. I have a lot of hair but its fine (I think). I just got out of the shower and I discovered something, my hair dries in half the time when I don't use styling products. Yes, the waves are basically no where to be seen and my hair is a frizzy mess but it doesn't take hours to dry. I got out of the shower maybe 30 minutes ago and my hair is already 50-60% dry. I was feeling lazy so I didn't use conditioner. Not sure if there is a difference in dry time with conditioner. 

Anyone else have this experience?&&&wasn't sure how normal it was since a lot of the curly/wavy YTers I watch never talk about it"
Daisyfay1414,l49lqf,You might double check the ingredients: Hairstory is my favorite but Innersense is not bad either
c_bf2000,l49lqf,"Wavy hair help!!&&&Hey everyone!

I'm having a super hard time finding wavy hair products that I can use with my allergies. I am allergic to peanuts/tree nuts/soy. I usually always straighten my hair so I've never really used wavy hair products (even though its my natural hair type), but I'm tired of always straightening/curling it. my hair is super damaged and dry. I want to start embracing my natural hair!

I have spent hours doing research about different products but they all seem to have something I'm allergic to:/ 

Any recommendations for products I should be using? (I'm looking for shampoo, conditioner, hair masks, leave in conditioners, etc.)

And any help on how to actually style/take care of wavy hair would be much appreciated please!"
webkinzmillenial,l49lqf,"I’m not an expert at all (especially on allergies) however a friend of mine w curly hair and the the same allergies listed has used Miss Jessie’s, jelly soft curls. I’ve used the product as well and found it works well for my waves (2b). I’m not sure the severity of your allergies comparatively nor the ingredients but it might be worth taking a look"
crystalballerrr,l47mj9,"Finally a refresh routine I can live with!&&&&&&Wash Day:
Love Beauty and Planet Positively Shine Shampoo + Conditioner

Waterless Heat Shield Protect + Restyle

Uncle Funky’s Daughter Curly Magic

NYM Curl Talk Gel

Diffuse (Conair Purewrap) until 80% dry on lowest settings 


Refresh:
Mist lightly with water, only in limp sections or sections that need it

Mist with Waterless Heat Shield

Scrunch to revive waves/curls

NYM Curl Talk Gel 

Diffuse on lowest settings until cast reforms


For Fun/Optional:
Curl smith Hair Makeup Gel (applied after Curl Talk Gel on wash day or alone on refresh day)"
bryannadz,l478um,When do you know?&&&How long do you use a product before deciding if it works or not?
pilfernoodles,l478um,"depends on how it’s “not working”.

If I notice an immediate and significant poor affect (hair was really dry, major frizz, more brittle, super mushy, more limp, etc) then I stop it immediately. Significantly noticeable, undesirable changes after one use indicate a reaction to something in the product. Make notes about the reaction and the product that caused it, so if you get similar results with something else, you are more likely to be able to figure out why and avoid it in the future. 

If I’m seeing a more gradual decline from normally good results, then I know the new product is affecting my protein/moisture balance and I need to adjust. Maybe I’ll stop using it altogether. Maybe I’ll use less of it, if it’s been otherwise beneficial. Maybe I’ll pump up something else to counteract. 

But I’ve been on my curly/wavy journey for a few years now. My hair and I are friends and have a good working relationship. We communicate well. When I began... totally different story. I have a cabinet of products that I thought were awful in the beginning just because I didn’t know my hair, or how to use them properly. Where I’m at now, technique makes a bigger difference than the specific products I use, aside from the ones in the “reactive” category. 

In the beginning, you and your hair both have to go through a learning process. In the beginning, product is as important as technique because your hair and scalp aren’t in balance and probably don’t remember how to be balanced. Getting from unbalanced to balanced can cause some really ugly hair days in the beginning—just like the adage of things get worse before they get better. So, unless you’re having a reaction to ingredients and *really* bad results, my advice is to give it at least 2 weeks, maybe 3. And during those weeks, change the techniques you’re using and see if that makes any difference."
alligator124,l46l7i,"Hot take but before I refresh I sort of feel around in my hair and use a wide tooth comb or a wet brush to very, *very* gently redirect knots or wonky clumps."
em1324354657,l46l7i,"The best solution I've found (as annoying as it is) is to get a haircut. I had the same issues and after cutting off the dead ends I can brush with my fingers if I want to.

The other thing that sorta worked was I'd brush before the shower (apparently you're not supposed to but if it works...) And then use a comb or fingers when wet. That gets all the big knots out and won't break up the clumps once it's wet. Braid or pineapple underneath the bonnet also worked better for overnight."
sarai098,l46l7i,"Horrible Tangles Without Brushing?&&&Hi everyone!

As someone who is used to brushing my hair like crazy, I started trying to use a wide-toothed comb instead, only using a wet brush when I have conditioner in my hair when washing.

But it does not work y'all. If I use just a comb over the course of the days after washing I end up with huge, horrible knots that I end up literally ripping out of my hair with a comb. The amount of hair I break and that gets ripped out is significantly more with a comb than a brush. I sleep with a bonnet on and everything, the comb just isn't enough.

Any recommendations on how to help? My hair gets tangled throughout the day and the only solution I've found to not ripping huge knots out id brushing throughout the day. 

For reference, here's pictures of my [hair](https://imgur.com/a/YXHrEAu) (1st two pics are wash day without brushing, and second two are the end of wash day right after brushing)"
Cndreader1,l43whj,"I ordered the three-bottle “Complete Curl Care for Soft & Weightless WAVES” from their website. The order cost nearly $80 CND,with taxes + postage.

The products made my curls soft. Some customers may like the smell of the products, but personally I found that the fragrance used in them to be very strong and not that pleasant. So I emailed the company’s support department to say that for me, the scent used in the products was very strong, unpleasant and overwhelming and I didn’t plan on continuing to use the products I’d bought. I asked for a full refund of my purchase.

Their response was that they were sorry to hear this and understand that scent is a very personal decision. I was told they have a fragrance-free collection and I could find them on the link they supplied. I also was told that I could try leaving my product bottles open overnight and that some of the fragrance should evaporate. (The bottle openings are really small so I don’t know how much this would actually “decrease” the fragrance.)

So basically **the company‘s response to my issue with some of their products was to propose that I buy more of their products.** I would think that if they really wanted to make me happy, they at least would have met me half way and offered me a 50% refund of the purchase, tax and shipping costs – if not a full refund.

Others may be happy with their products but the way they handled my concern was disappointing.&&&This was my experience with the company: I bought the three-bottle “Complete Curl Care for Soft & Weightless WAVES” from their website. The order cost nearly $80 Cnd, with taxes and postage. The product made my curls soft. However... while some users might like the scent of the products, I personally found that the “fragrance"" used in them to be very strong and disagreeable. So I emailed the company’s support department about this. I explained that for me, the odour/ fragrance used in their products is very strong, unpleasant and overwhelming and I didn’t plan on continuing to use the products I’d bought. I asked for a full refund of my purchase price.

Their response to my email basically was that they were sorry to hear this and understand that scent is a very personal decision. I was told they have a fragrance-free collection and I could find them on the link they supplied. I also was told that I could try leaving my product bottles open overnight and that some of the fragrance should evaporate. (The bottle openings are really small so I don’t know how much this would actually “decrease” the fragrance.)

So essentially **the company‘s response to a customer’s concern about some of their products was to propose that I buy more of their products!** I would think that if they really wanted me to be happy, they at least would have met me half way and offered me a 50% refund of the purchase, tax and shipping costs – if not a full refund. The way they dealt with this problem was disappointing."
MeowMix1998,l43whj,"I just started using LUS.   I am disappointed, to be honest.  That said, I am still working on figuring out application amounts and such.  
I have found the frizz at my scalp is out of control since starting the product.  Like I have a glowing light around my head and should be in a stained glass window... it's bad.  
I emailed LUS asking for guidance and was told to use a wide tooth comb on wet hair to smooth the product (I already do this).  They also encouraged me to be heavier handed at my scalp with step 3.   
So will try that tomorrow morning and see if I get better results. 
I really want this product to work for me.  I miss being wash and go.  COVID has put a dent in any regular trims and/or fresh starts (been in and out of lock down restrictions for months).  Truth be told, since COVID started, I tend to pull my hair back into a clip or pony tail just to keep it from getting stuck in my respirator/mask at work.  
Who knows, maybe I can get in to a salon before they are forced to shut down again (they just reopened 23Jan2021 here).  
To everyone out there - stay safe, check on each other, and be kind (especially to yourself).   Cheers!"
NotSoAdorablyAwkward,l43whj,"I used it for 2 years and really liked it. I especially loved the simple, 3 step routine. They do have travel sized sample kits that you can try for around $25 so you don't have to commit fully at first. I switched my BC and my hair went haywire, so I had to stop using it since it just wasn't working for me anymore."
doitlikesaralee,l43whj,I've been doing their all in one wavy but still using up my regular shampoo/conditioner. Love it so far. I waited till they had a free shipping sale.
dp5973,l43whj,LUS Brand? Worth the hype?&&&I keep seeing ads for LUS Brand. I saw that they have a wavy line. I was wondering if anyone has tried it and if it is worth the $50+ to give it a go?&&&Ooo I might do that!
elseaelsea,l43whj,"i just got the curly 3 step and am now thinking wavy would work better for me. are you shampooing every shower, or doing any cowashing in between?"
sleepdeprivedmomma,l43whj,I’m just starting it. I’ve already seen a difference in two days of using the wavy pack. Excited to see what happens over the next month.
JEJ0313,l42o52,Are you using water to refresh in the morning?
SpicyCactusSuccer,l42o52,"Everyone is suggesting pineappling, but it didn't work well for me and my waves. I found that braiding and sleeping with a silk pillowcase is the best (for me), and then a refresh routine very similar to what everyone else is suggesting. Just another option as not everything works for everyone!"
aetchrob,l42o52,"My hair is fine so I usually get the best results if I do a quick refresh in the morning, too."
crochet_cat_lady,l42o52,"How are you sleeping on it? I highly recommend using a silk scarf to help hold them in place while you sleep, along with a morning refresh! 

[Manes by Mell has a great wavy refresh routine!](https://youtu.be/UWZznhYiqM8)"
crystalballerrr,l42o52,"I experimented with different methods...

I tried both a silk scarf and a buff... and while the scarf reduced frizz—Both the buff and scarf would come off multiple times during the night because apparently I like to metal thrash in my sleep. 

Anyway... I tried pineapple-ing my hair last night—My hair is medium length with a lot of layers, so I ended up working it into two pineapples lol (definitely looked crazy!!) and clipped up the layers.

I also got a satin pillow case. This help with frizz MOST of all, and the pineapples held my hair in place. 

I find that refreshing my hair is almost always necessary the next—but it doesn’t have to be a big event like wash day :)"
glow89,l42o52,"when my hair was long pineappling worked well for me! also try a silk/satin pillowcase, that helped me too!"
kermitcolby,l42o52,My hair is so nice and wavy before bed and the second I wake up it’s straight and frizzy 😐 any advice?&&&
millygraceandfee,l42o52,"Any technique I've used to sleep w/ my hair ( pineappling, silk scarf, silk pillowcase) doesn't work.  I refresh w/ a spray in conditioner, Uncle Funky's Daughter Midnite Train, and finger comb my hair.  That's day 2 &3.  Day 4 I brush w/ a 7 prong Denman brush and put it in a boring ponytail. Day 5 is wash day.  Wash day is Lus Brands/Luv Ur Curls shampoo/conditioner/styler for wavy hair.  Days 1, 2 & 3 are good hair days.  Day 4 is just blah.  Day 5 starts the sequence over again."
ohterribleheartt,l42o52,"I pineapple and use a silky buff. My key was to pineapple VERY loosely with a scrunchie - it keeps it above my head, but doesn't crush the hair or reshape the waves"
pretty-aygood,l42o52,"Satin pillowcase or a head wrap/bonnet will help. You can also wrap your hair in a “pineapple” before putting your wrap or bonnet on. Make sure to use those “invisibobble” style hair ties, they help so much! 

When you wake up in the morning you can let your hair down...I usually wait a little bit before using some steam to refresh waves and then use praying hands to smooth Bumble & Bumble Hairdresser’s Invisible Oil over from mid-ends."
vmartinipie,l42o52,"Look up ""pineappling"" your hair to protect the waves as you sleep! Some people also refresh their next-day hair with more water and a bit more styler, either using a spray bottle or rewetting it almost completely. Play around and see what helps."
Jaibanii,l424o1,I wouldn’t use shampoo right after a coloring but just rinse thoroughly with water as cool as you can stand and restyle. Your products should mostly rinse out with water if they’re CG friendly.  Then put in slightly less product than normal and you should be good to go.
Wavyhaircare,l424o1,"Sure you can rewet your hair. Or even re-wash it. 

When I've cut my hair it took me a while to re-learn how much product to use, too. I can't really tell from your description if you used too much and should cut back, or if you should use the same amount but just distribute it more evenly? 

With too much cream, my hair will look/feel greasy or be weighed down/flat, and with too much foam/mousse my hair would feel producty-, too crunchy even after scrunching, or sticky. Or I think with certain foams it might also be weighed down. So I'd use less if you saw any signs like that."
kansas_hooper,l424o1,"Can I completely re-wet my hair if I “mess up” my wash day?&&&Yesterday I got my hair colored and cut and, due to COVID restrictions, I left with wet hair and styled at home. I did not do a good job distributing my curl cream and foam and missed huge sections in the back. Is it “bad” to completely re-wet my hair today and try a do over with my style products? I assume I should cut back on how much I use in the sections I properly styled yesterday?&&&I for sure did not shampoo. I usually wait a week plus after a color to shampoo so it really “soaks in”, if that’s even a real thing haha. All I did was rinse really cold, S2C in some leave in, and then styled. I wish it didn’t take so long or I’d do this every day. My waves look KILLER now!"
Animasylvania,l41jl9,"I'm wondering if a more layered haircut would do you well? The longer your hair is, the heavier it is. When it's heavy it can stretch your curls out."
Cake_4_Life,l41jl9,My hair looks almost exactly like yours and its making me want bangs
HydzVance,l41jl9,"HELP! Total newbie here. This is after a night of plopping and my normal routine.&&&&&&I have in the past but not since I’ve had long hair.  I’ll try that though! I try to avoid using any heat since I know my hair is damaged because I dye it.&&&Ah, I hadn’t even thought of trying that out. Thank you!&&&Okay- so I think I’m a 2a but I honestly have 0 clue. My current routine/ products: showering at nighttime using Hask Monoi Coconut Oil shampoo and conditioner. Hop out, wrap hair in a microfiber towel for 5-10 minutes. Comb out hair with a wide tooth comb and put in NYM’s Smooth Moves Frizz Control Cream. Air dry overnight. 

Things I know: my hair is low porosity because it takes all night to dry. If it’s pulled up/back in any way it won’t dry fully. I’m washing my hair every night or every other night (if I braid or put my hair in buns). I know I’m probably washing too much, but if I don’t wash at least every other day my hair starts to mat and clump together. Any tips/tricks/product suggestions would be greatly appreciated!

Edit because I forgot to mention: I do dye my hair but only using Arctic Fox. I have been trying to only use hair products that are at the very least cruelty free (wholly- no parent company testing either) and at the very most 100% vegan.&&&I’ve only been protecting it on nights when I’ve braided it, I use a bonnet for that. But all of this info definitely helps!&&&Interesting! Normally when I go shorter (had a bob for ~10 years) my hair ends up being straighter.&&&I’m a sucker for bangs! I cut mine currently because I haven’t been able to see my regular stylist in months."
Wistfulwanderer13,l41jl9,Comb when conditioner is in your hair only. My feeling is your combing out your waves.
a_diddle,l41jl9,"Maybe you’re already doing this so correct me if I’m wrong, but you can try plopping immediately after getting out of the shower. When you said you wrap your hair up, I’m assuming you do a regular turban wrap. I find that this pulls my waves out whereas plopping gives them a chance to start drying in their wave pattern."
ants-in-my-plants,l41jl9,"Your hair looks great! Just a note: your hair might not necessarily be low porosity just because it takes a long time to dry overnight. I used to dye my hair and it was VERY high porosity, but it also took forever to dry if I slept on it or pulled it back when wet."
crash_potatoes,l41jl9,"I think you're right about being 2a, and I have similar 2a waves. When my hair gets unbearably matted between washes, I'll sometimes brush it dry with a detangling brush, then wet it down with a mixture of water and leave-in conditioner in a spray bottle. Then I restyle by scrunching in more gel or mousse. This helps me wash less frequently (I typically wash every 4-7 days).

Some people find wet detangling works better for them, so you could also try wetting it down with the water/conditioner mix first. 

With wavy or curly hair, a bit of tangling comes with the territory. I'm wondering if perhaps what looks like horrific matting to you is actually a normal level of wavy-girl day-2 tangly-ness that no one else would even notice :) Wavy hair tends to be drier than straight hair, so you're definitely not doing your hair any favors by washing every day. You could try techniques like praying hands or what I described above to help stretch your wash days a bit further.

Also - you mentioned that you ""wrap"" your hair in a microfiber towel. Are you wrapping it like a turban, or are you plopping?"
goldenmaraduers,l41jl9,Maybe try adding your cream (and try a gel) on **sopping wet hair.** What are you looking to get out of your hair? More definition? Less frizz?
honey_bunchesofoats,l41jl9,"Have you tried diffusing? Whenever I sleep on my wavy hair, nothing I did matters and I need to refresh the next morning (I use either sea salt spray or Ouai’s Wavy Spray to refresh)."
ohterribleheartt,l41jl9,"Your hair is almost the length of mine. A couple pointers:

1. Only brush your hair when wet, with conditioner in. Don't brush that beautiful gentle curl away. Only use a wet brush or a wide tooth comb, starting at the ends.
2. Try to avoid washing every day. You can get it wet and scrub your fingertips into your scalp to loosen up dirt, but overwashing will dry out your hair.
3. For low porosity and dyed hair (had mine dyed for over 10 years!), try putting a deep leave in condioner on twice a week when it's soaked before you wrap it up. It'll encourage the product to soak in more if you put it in before you even try to dry it.
4. Get a silk bonnet or hankerchief. I always use to rock the braids to bed, but they can still get caught on the pillow and cause friction. A silk pillowcase will be a good start.
5. Try out the 3-4-5 treatment of Olaplex. It's expensive, but worth it. I use all of them together once a week, and 5 twice a week. The Hask product line is awesome, so good call!

You've got beautiful hair, can't wait to see your journey!

You've got gorgeous hair. You've got this!"
pilfernoodles,l41jl9,"Are you protecting your hair while sleeping? If not, you should be, especially with all that length. Not only will that help preserve some waves, it will go a long way to preventing tangles and matting.

The most simple thing would be to braid it, or pineapple it, before bed. A silk or satin pillowcase will also help reduce friction on your hair while you sleep. My preference is a silk pillowcase, because silk also has benefits for your skin too. 

If you’re already pineappling or braiding, try a buff, bonnet, or silk scarf instead. These reduce the friction on your hair even more than a pineapple or braid, and are especially good if you don’t tolerate having your hair styled up/drawn back. I like the buff because I can also use it as a sleep mask when my sleeping environment is too bright."
zillarillazilla,l41jl9,"I love your hair! Beautiful, silky waves!! 

Protein - my hair is like yours, low porosity, and using protein will step up the waves. 

Gel/mousse - using something with higher hold will get you more definition. Especially if you diffuse (look up “hammock diffusing”). Try NYM Curl Talk line - has protein and good hold. 

Refresh in the morning - when I shower at night I refresh using handfuls of water and a small amount of product. But brushing it out is working for you! If it’s not broke, don’t fix it"
AmazingCheek6468,l3xg4i,"Hello! Im also quite new to wavy hair styling!! Here’s how i do it:
When i used to style my hair pretty often(not as much now bc of quarantine) i used a lot of styling/leave in cream (olaplex bond smoother leave-in reparative creme) to calm the frizz in my hair, and i use an oil while its dry (aussie total miracle oil) if im not putting it up bc it makes my hair rlly soft, and shiny. 
Rllyyyy depends on the style ur doing, but it still helps to dampen the hair the hair with a spray bottle so its manageable to some degree. After adding in some leave-in creme, it maybe much easier to style it.

Also i wouldn’t suggest anything that stiffen the hair like hair wax before u are planning to put your hair up!!  Partition the hair first, dampen if necessary and add the cremes, then add the styling gels after once the hair partitioned and in the places u want.

Hope this helps u out!!"
Wavyhaircare,l3xg4i,"Most of us don't try to comb or otherwise work anything through our hair between washes as that will pull apart our curl clumps and/or flatten our waves. So not being able to get your hands through your hair isn't something that I would see as anything being wrong. 

When you are talking about struggling to style your hair, do you mean put it up? I'm not fully understand what you're wanting to do to your hair that you feel you can't do right now other than comb it."
demaniax_99,l3xg4i,"What kind of product should I use to style my wavy, dry and rough hair? Please read description.&&&I've wavy hair and this is my first time growing em out. They are upto chin length.

The problem is that I can't style em. When they are dry I can't even run my hand across them let alone a comb or something like that. The friction is just too much because they are naturally wavy, slightly rough and dry.
The only way I've styled my hair upto now is when they wet or damp because that's when it's possible to manage them.
After styling them (when wet/damp) they tend to lose the style when they start to dry and become tangled somewhat.

I'm really a novice in this. I actually bought a hair wax thinking that it would help me and after a single try I found it's of no use since I can't even run my hand across them. 

What I understand from experience till now is I need to keep the hair moisturized and hence smooth so that they can be styled and manageable.
So my question is what type of product should I aim for ? A hair serum or hair Cream or something like that ? 
Or if my experience is wrong then please suggest me what to do ?
I'm asking this because I don't want to waste money again like I did on hair wax.&&&By styling I mean to get any type of hairstyle by arranging the hair back, sideways or in any other orientation. When dry, I can't even partition them.

Is there any product that would make hair smooth when applied so that it can be arranged easily?"
jenesaisquoi,l3xg4i," I'm super new to this but there's a $20 Walmart starter routine in the wiki ([https://wavyhaircare.com/under-20-simple-wavy-girl-method-starter-routine-from-walmart/](https://wavyhaircare.com/under-20-simple-wavy-girl-method-starter-routine-from-walmart/)) that I'm trying.

It sounds like your hair is dry or something, are you using conditioner? 

Hair wax is for like making mohawks, the site I linked also has hair product exchange sites in there if you want to give it away"
1questions,l3sqf7,"Yes based on this thread some people treat the CGM as a religion, as though none of it can change. Everyone has slightly different hair and lives in places with different weather so there isn’t an answer that works for everyone all the time."
Glued-Up,l3sqf7,"There's a new wave coming , the #360 Challenge,  its officially called wash your damn hair, its all about ditching your hair products, but I was intrigued. I just stumbled on this sub bc I was looking for help with my waves/curls. I got alot of advice I'm thankful. But I see the best results on ppl when I see, "" I applied nothing put my hair in a 2 strand twist bun and went to bed and woke up like this"", looking like a mermaid. Or I'm in a different country didn't bring product, hair is the best its ever looked. I'm looking for effortless routine, just one product"
Revolutionary-Dance,l3sqf7,"Tip: experiment with the amount of product you use. More product is not necessarily better&&&Sorry if this is obvious to most people, but it was a revelation to me. I’m new to the curly girl method (have been experimenting since December), and have been generally frustrated with the results. Well, today I was in a rush, so instead of doing the whole styling routine, I just added a nickel-sized amount of curl cream and applied it all over my hair. I LOVE THE RESULTS! My waves actually stuck this time. 

For reference, I had applying a dime size amount of curl cream TO EACH SECTION! I thought I needed to because I have thick, waist-length. Well, turns out more product does not equal more waves. Finally, FINALLY, after almost two months of frustration and trial and error, I think I found something that works for me. 

TLDR: I was too lazy and hurried to do a full styling routine so I added just a tiny bit of product and air dried. Turns out lazy and minimal styling works for me."
modchic,l3sqf7,"Yes! Totally agree! When I first started CGM I was using heaping amounts of product. Didn't help that alot of tutorials I saw had people putting sooo much product in their hair. Once I cut back, I realized I only needed like a dime or nickel sized amount for my entire head! After that, I started focusing on techniques for application. Super important to modify according to what your hair needs!"
