index,id,comments
Jeschalen,p57d3s,"This looks typical for fine, wavy hair. You might find a frizz serum or cream with silicones useful. Scrunching and diffusing disrupt my natural wave pattern too much which results in a lot of frizz."
Slammogram,p57d3s,"Honestly, wavy hair does better with lighter weight products.   

I would ditch the gel and get a mousse.

If you’re using a lot of coconut products, ditch them.  They make my hair frizzy and dry.   Could be happening to you as well."
Stubbs76,p57d3s,You shouldn’t be brushing your hair for a start! 😆
TheHammerIsMy,p57d3s,"I’m curious what people say, because I’m in a similar boat! It helps a bit to add extra product to the top layer, but my underneath is still so much curlier."
alisomg,p57d3s,"Advice for hair that’s curly on bottom and dry, frizzy and wavy on top.&&&&&&Thank you! I will definitely give it a try.&&&Got it! I see people post about Olaplex all the time. Maybe I need to research it. Aren’t there multiple kinds? 

Any recs on silicon based products that you like?&&&I should clarify - I’ve tried all the methods! 😩 in this photo it’s brushed because I got sick of it looking stringy! I should post a photo of what it’s like when I don’t brush it. Normally I would finger comb or use a wide tooth comb when I’m conditioning it, and that’s it. I just feel like it starts out great and by the afternoon it looks dirty and stringy.&&&Shampoo/conditioner: Aveda Shampure Nourishing line
Styler: ecoslay orange marmalade 

Wash and condition upside down. STC conditioner and then rinse out completely. Micro plop with tShirt to get rid of excess water. Mix 1 pump OM with water and emulsify. Apply with praying hands and then scrunch. Brush with denman brush and scrunch again. Today I dried by hover diffusing. 

It starts out wavy and looking decent and then the top frizzes up as the day goes on and it looks like straw. 

It either looks dry and frizzy or clumpy and dirty. It doesn’t matter what products I use. 

I also use Uncle Funky’s Daughter Curly Magic, and SM coconut and hibiscus conditioner  and SM Daily Hydration shampoo with the same result. 


I’m getting so tired of trying out different products and methods and I’m ready to give up!&&&Thank you! Your hair is beautiful.&&&I’ve been doing the CG method for about 4 months. Honestly, it’s all so overwhelming to me. When to wash, when to deep condition, how to refresh. My hair is so fine it never looks great the next day. I sleep with a pineapple and I use a silk pillow case. 

The top is definitely more damaged than the bottom because that’s where the majority of my highlights are. It’s very hi-po and the bottom is more lo-po. 

Good to know about aloe! I’ve been avoiding glycerin because I live in a very humid climate. This is why I get overwhelmed - I never know what to avoid and what to use! 😩&&&Thank you! Any good products you’d recommend?&&&I have thought about doing something like this! Is there a deep conditioner you like?&&&Thank you for the advice. At this point I’m trying so many new things I have no idea what’s causing my problems and what works!&&&Thank you for the advice! Looks like I need a product overhaul!&&&Tried mousse today and eliminated coconut products. I was very happy with the result!&&&UPDATE: As promised, I took some new pics today so you can see what it does when I don’t get frustrated and comb through it! 🤪

Today’s routine: got hair completely wet in shower and then used TreLuxe Untie the Knot Nourishing Leave-In Conditioner and STC. Scrunch with a t-shirt and then add Uncle Funky’s Daughter Curly Magic. Apply with praying hands and scrunch on one side, repeat on other side and then one more time upside down to coat top and bottom of hair. Scrunch again and microplop. I let it air dry. 

Pics [HERE](https://imgur.com/a/fgSVs9N)&&&Thank you! I have never been blessed with long hair. My hair is like perpetually the same length. I’d love to have it a bit longer so the waves were easier to work with."
aporetic_quark,p57d3s,"Same! I’ve recently had some luck doing a deep condition on only the top portion of my hair and only on the ends, with a conditioner that’s otherwise too heavy for me to use. I sectioned off the layers, used a neck gaitor to keep the bottom layer on my neck, turned upside down, wet the top layer, and squished in the conditioner but not all the way to my scalp. Rinsed it out after, I dunno, 20-30 minutes. It didn’t look great right afterwards, but after my next normal wash it looked quite a bit more consistent!"
camus-is-absurd,p57d3s,"1. How long have you been doing CG/taking care of your hair in general? Your top layer looks either damaged or in transition. 

2. This is so random but I saw you used UFD curly magic, and I know a lot of people love that product, but I’ve found that it and most other products containing aloe pull the wave out of my hair and leave it limp.

EDIT: OM also contains a good amount of aloe."
going_wavy,p57d3s,"It reminds me of my hair, I also have some beautiful curls underneath, last wash day I used Cantu curl activator cream in dripping wet hair and dried it with a diffuser on low heat. This was definitely the best result I've ever gotten. (no curls, but nice waves in the top layer and even more amazing, they were there, even three days later)  
This time, after washing, I had no time for diffusing so I let it air dry and the top layer is kinda straight. Also did plop for twenty minutes. So I don't know if plopping is nothing for my hair or air drying... Well. I'll find out sooner or later. 

Also read above. What to do when:
Well I would just do whatever you feel like, when you feel like it. 
You know what I mean? 
For example, I wash my hair when my scalp gets itchy. 

And for the rest, I'm also just figuring out. Just try out different techniques, but maybe don't make the same mistake I did and try two different things at the same time. That was definitely not my best idea. *lol*"
housingmochi,p57d3s,"My hair is similar.  I have had good results spraying a leave-in conditioner (John Frieda Frizz Ease) on my wet hair, scrunching, and wrapping it up in a microfiber towel.  Shampoo and conditioner is Herbal Essences Volumizing with grapefruit and mossa mint.  It doesn’t weigh down my fine hair, but the conditioner is still the best detangler I’ve used."
justukyte,p57d3s,">John Frieda Frizz Ease

which one are you using? I have the Curl Reviver mousse, it does rather a decent job but has water solluble silicones"
kamomil,p57d3s,"Honestly it looks fine to me. To me it looks like normal wavy hair. I love the color 

It needs a certain amount of length for the waves to show, looks like you have some layers on the top."
laCrocsbItch,p57d3s,"How have you been using the denman? Are you brushing like one would normally do with straight hair, or doing something different with it?"
mountainsongbird,p57d3s,"This is similar to my hair. I think the most important thing is technique, not product. My top layer needed to be ""trained"" to clump correctly. For me, that means finger rolling the top layer with a bit of leave in conditioner.

You can click my profile to see the results of that."
pixiepeanut,p57d3s,"I tried the denman brush curls and it did help me get some definition in the top layers which are usually a frizzy mess. I also find olaplex helps as my top layers are more damaged so have less curl pattern as a result. 

Don't be afraid of silicone serums and creams I find they are better for smoothing my frizz without building up then oil based serums despite the CG messaging. They tend to be much more cosmetically elegant in my experience having been CG for 2 years prior to this.

Also, it may be worth considering getting some shorter layers on top to help with bounce and curl formation but wouldn't go down that route if you still wear hair blown out or straight at times."
ravenrenee0602,p57d3s,My hair is so so similar to yours. Some thing that has really been a game changer for me lately is the blueberry bliss leave in conditioner (it's like $12). I only shampoo in my shower since I use the blueberry bliss and some Eco gel afterwards. I use a Very small amount of the blueberry bliss (less than pea sized) since my hair is so fine and then blow dry with a diffuser. Maybe this is something that can help you-- I wasn't getting the results I wanted either until I changed my products!
tanyamothertucker,p57d3s,"The tips I got from my curly hair stylist:

1. Apply products on dripping wet hair. Spray more water as you apply especially at the crown (my crown area is also dry and frizzy)

2. Don’t use a Denman when styling because it breaks up the curl clumps. I only use it in the shower to detangle.

3. Rake the product in with claw hands to get the curls to clump together."
ultimomono,p57d3s,"I would only brush with a Denman when my hair is very wet and has product in it (curl cream, gel or mousse), not after plopping. That said, your hair looks WAY better than mine would if I did that! You could emulsify a bit of gel or mousse with water and smooth down the few flyaways you have on top."
SkaterGirl312,p56e2l,I was wondering if there is a way to make wavy hair straight permanently without causing damage (I'm a 13 y/o girl if that makes a difference)?&&&[removed]
Struudos,p56e2l,"All I’m saying is that all of my straight hair friends love my curls, and all my curly haired friends have been way happier after they stopped straightening.

Take the time to get used to your hair and learn to take care of it. It’s a lot of work, and it will take time, but it will be sooooo insanely worth it! As far as I’m aware, straightening your hair only damages it; there is no “safe” way to straighten it permanently.

You’re very lucky you get to have curls. I genuinely think it’s a privilege to be born with natural waves, something straight-haired girl’s have to use products and curlers and irons to obtain for just a few hours. Embrace those gorgeous curls of yours and enjoy the unique beauty of your hair!"
WeAreStarless,p56e2l,"Hi! Your submission has been removed because of rule 2: no wavy negativity.

It's okay if you can, and like, wearing your wavy hair naturally straight, but this is not the place to ask how to get straight hair through heat styling or chemical treatments. We have this rule because we don't want anyone to internalise the idea that wavy hair is somehow ""inferior"" to straight hair. 

Please keep this in mind for the future. Thank you!"
barbfirsthuman2nd,p56e2l,"Girl I’m 17 and I used to straighten my hair so much, your hair texture is your hair texture there isn’t anyway to change it without damaging it. My curls are so much less defined and frizzy. Learn to own it Ik straight hair is so pretty but so is wavy/curly hair!"
etLux11,p56e2l,"I think the only thing that can change hair texture permanently without damage is hormonal changes like puberty, pregnancy, menopause and such."
gigia77,p56e2l,"Yes! When I was in middle school or so I used to straighten my hair every day because I just didn’t know how to take care of curly hair and really just wished to have straight hair. After a while I started braiding my hair while it was wet so that it would at least be wavy and not heat damaged, and eventually tested out curly hair products/routines until I found something that worked for me. It’s a process for sure, but it’s so worth it imo!"
whitcantfindme,p56e2l,"I had a friend when I was your age permanently straighten her beautiful curls (it was supposed to hold for a year or so I believe, like a perm) but it really did some damage to her hair. I understand wanting to have straight hair when you’re young, but I would just either embrace the waves (this sub is great for that!) or use your straightener with some heat protectant."
BBQTofuJerky,p53fdq,"I find that curly people say to apply product when your hair is soaking wet, and that has been awful advice for me. I like to apply a curl cream or spray when my hair is starting to dry, and then scrunch with a light gel when my hair is close to dry but still damp. and a lot of finger twisting + scrunching to shape any oddballs! I also realized that many creamy moisturizing products were too heavy, but shampoos with keratin were like the perfect anount of added protein"
Calla_Lust,p53fdq,"I had this issue as well! What fixed it for me was putting my hair in a turbine towel for about 20 minutes, taking it out and applying assuie miracle gel and it does the job.

Applying it when soaking wet didn't work well at all. I find with my hair, less is more :) My hair is thick, low porosity and tailbone length if that makes any difference."
FranqiT,p53fdq,"When I actually make an effort, I like to plop, then lightly mist in hairspray. Then scrunch after air dry. 

I’m the same, where gels are too heavy, even when watered down. 

On normal wash days I put in 1 pump of leave in styling conditioner (Adwoa Beauty) for my thick hair that’s down to my mid back. Then air dry."
Mirrranda,p53fdq,I like the mop top one too!!
MrsE2010,p53fdq,I struggle with finding a balance between weight and hold too.
Shell831,p53fdq,I really like Jessicurl’s Gelebration Spray
SweetNSauerkraut,p53fdq,"Do you style on wet hair or damp hair? I’m wondering if maybe there’s too much water and it’s stretching out your curls. If that’s the case, it could help to plop before styling or to micro plop."
ThorberryPie,p53fdq,Have you tried a curling custard? I've had great results with the one from Mop Top and the one from Kinky Curly. They're both lighter than a gel.
ThreeFingeredTypist,p53fdq,"Same problem, recently switched to a hair lotion on wavy days. Only use like a dime sized amount for my whole head - Design Essentials Almond & Avocado Moisturizing Lotion"
aejoam1819,p53fdq,"I have the same issue, sometimes using mousse first and then scrunching with a little bit of gel on my hands helps provide some extra hold along with the mousse"
agnes_copperfield,p53fdq,"I’ve had really good luck with homemade flax seed gel. 1/4 cup seeds and 2 1/2 cups water, bring to boil then simmer (longer makes thicker gel, I usually do around 10 minutes). It’s usually like an egg white consistency and doesn’t weigh down my hair as much as other gels/creams I’ve tried. You do have to keep it in the fridge and it only lasts a few weeks before it gets smelly but it’s a cheap thing to try!"
awcurlz,p53fdq,So I like to add a little more mousse after plopping. You could try doing that. Or try mousse-gel-mousse or layering products with a thinned out gel.
breadgal1,p53fdq,"Gel too heavy for my waves, mousse too light. What do I do?&&&At this point I've tried a lot of different gels. I've applied them quite generously, I've tried applying them a bit lighter. Tried praying hands, scrunching, raking... But my hair is always so weighed down by heavy product like gel.

Mousse seems to get on with my hair better, as in it doesn't feel weighed down at all. But I really lose shape in my hair with mousse. 

At first I was piling on products, gel and mousse, curl cream... But I took the advice of this subdeddit and really took my routine down to the basics. I started clarifying, conditioning with something lightweight and then just trying with one main styling product. I'm still feeling really disheartened by my curl pattern. 

My hair has suffered a lot of bleach and heat styling but I've been heat styling free for over a month now. I do an olaplex treatment once a week. 


Advice much appreciated! My profile has pictures of my hair in recent posts.&&&Once out the shower I gently scrunch the clumps of my hair with a t shirt, then I apply product whilst my hair is still pretty wet, just not dripping&&&Hey thank you so much! When your hair is fully dry, do you still scrunch out the dried cast? Do you get a cast with light gel? Thanks&&&I haven't tried watering it down, but I could give it a go! I've just been getting a bit frustrated with myself, I think I had more success right at the start and I'm hitting a bump now. Thanks for the suggestions - I'll give it a go :))"
cowsaysmeow14,p53fdq,"I've had the best luck so far with using mousse on *really wet* clumped hair (I smooth it over, so I guess praying hands? defo not raking), scrunching it in and then micro-plopping with a regular towel to really absorb moisture preferentially from the ends of my hair. 

If I use gel on equally wet hair, it's heavy and the waves get stretched a lot more. On damp hair it does better, but it seems more prone to webbing and wonky clumps so it's more work and ew, work."
jueyun_chili,p53fdq,Try cream! I use Klorane Mango Leave In Conditioner ! :) there are also curling creams you could try!
nemtudod,p53fdq,Same problem here. There are some lighter gels like argan oil gel like Royal Locks.
petrichor_unicorn,p53fdq,"My thoughts: I honestly have found that the biggest helper is time and a product with enough hold. I had waves, cut my hair short, dyed it, and have been trying to get them back for about a year and a half. It's finally working. I've tried different products and techniques and finally found what works for me. Damp styling and then diffusing upside down or side ways helps the mousse hold my hair with better shape and volume. For me the nym curl talk mousse has the most hold of mousses I've tried. I've heard the cake mousse (don't know the exact name) is great too. Be sure to use the stretch test to see if you need protien or moisture. Bleached hair is often high porosity so it can lose water easily. Too much protien or too much moisture can make your hair act funky. Bleached hair often needs both. Manes by mell has some great videos on bleached hair care :). Good luck!"
sno98006,p53fdq,Have you tried watering down your gel? Maybe AG’s mousse gel? Or maybe hairspray?
wander1262,p53fdq,Interesting. I thought they were heavier. I've got the same problem as OP. I'll have to look into getting some to try.
yvonnerene,p53fdq,I have had similar issues and recently found that the KCKT custard under the Cake Beauty mousse is working. I put the custard (and leave in) on soaking wet hair plop for 20 min and then add mousse. I wash only once a week
sandrad33,p52j0x,Product line up for 2c hair after a year of CGM trial & error&&&
Hmmnothanku,p4y62o,"Yes!!! I have other chronic illnesses and have had to air dry my hair for 6 years for that reason. I saw kassiemaelove on Instagram diffuse like this and I was like 🤯🤯🤯🤯 how have I not thought of this?? I'd probably alter Kassie's method by doing the first half laying on my stomach, then taking a break until my heart rate goes down, then laying on my back to finish drying. Now that I've seen this, I'm going to buy a hair dryer for the first time this week. Basically life-changing but nbd 🎉&&&YES!! I'm in a very similar boat here. I was honestly about to write a post like this a few weeks ago. I don't have POTS but I have a bunch of other chronic illnesses which make wash day very challenging. I've been air drying my 2b/c waves for the six years I've been sick and just accepting suboptimal results bc diffusing wasn't worth the symptoms. Raising my arms above my head while I'm sitting or standing really sets me off (for god knows what reason) and bending down is also against the ""rules"". So when I saw the diffusing example of laying down with your hair on a towel and a hair dryer next to it I was mindblown and I don't know how I didn't think of it. [the fourth image here ](https://www.instagram.com/p/CSKRGPOlpKi/?utm_medium=copy_link)
I'm gonna actually buy a hair dryer now and I'm way too excited 🤣 I'll try to remember to let you know how it works out."
Jasmisne,p4y62o,"Hey I have nOH which is similar to POTS, I know exactly why this is a problem lol. I sit in the shower because I like to not crack my head open lol. I usually will stay seated and lean over a bit to wrap my hair in a towel.

Sometimes I also just scrunch my hair with a microfiber towel, when I am done, i drape it around my neck, fold it up so that my hair is between the two folds, and then to roll it up around my neck.


Tips to get volume in drying your hair without inverting your head: root clips. Clip your roots up so they dry with a little bounce. 
Diffuser: you can sit and diffuse. Just make sure you have some lift and pull the strands up a bit with the forks of the diffuser."
Ladymistery,p4y62o,"I have vertigo - so I feel your pain

what I do is scrunch all my hair on top of my head, then wrap my drying apparatus around it (I just use a towel)"
MaiziexH,p4y62o,I find that if your hair is only wavy not tippibf upside down works better for me so I don't have bits that stick the wrong way. I tend to tip section my hair into 4 bits. Split into left and right side and then back and front and diffuse those bits. Takes a bit of time to figure out how to scoop each section but that works well for me. And once the hair is a bit drier you can just scoop random bits whilst tilting your head. Hope that helps.
MrsE2010,p4y62o,"I've seen some youtube videos where people put a towel on the bed and lay their hair on the towel and then just lay the hair dryer on the bed with the diffuser pointed at their head. Seems like a nice way to support the neck and head and be able to sit while drying. 

Like this... if you skip to 5:25... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PhXGcB6j4-8"
Rhythmicka,p4y62o,"Curly Girl Method of hair drying without bending over...&&&I have POTS and if you know anything about it, bending over is not my friend. Today’s wash day was especially rough. Any tips for drying my hair without completely inverting my head? I try to at least half dry it before i let the rest air dry&&&ty!! even if i don’t end up doing it that way all the time, that’s a great option for flare ups!!"
WeAreStarless,p4y62o,"bear with me during this incredibly embarrassing video, but i diffuse like [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WtqFuhXT6Qo)! i listen to a podcast while i do this for about half an hour, and rotate every time i start to get uncomfortable"
Yoga_Tea_Dogs,p4y62o,I have fibro and serious back issues. I've taken to drying my hair in the living room where I can sit in a chair with support. I dry leaning my head left or right. Sometimes I do a little upside down if I'm feeling good but mostly I dry right side up just tilting either way.
charlie2-10,p4y62o,"I don't have pots but I get bored incredibly easily when drying my hair so I sit on the floor in front of a fan so my hands are free to do something else :) You can plop first or use something with a heavier hold if you want more definition. It gives more of a beachy windswept look which is what I'm after anyway, just remember to turn around to get the front."
doodollop,p4y62o,I don't like the way my hair looks when I bend over so...I don't bend over at all. I tilt my head to the side as I'm scrunching then scrunch/dry with a cotton shirt or microfiber towel.
doveinabottle,p4y62o,I have blood pressure issues and bending over can make me remarkably dizzy. I never invert my head and my hair looks fine. I may slowly tilt and I will clip my roots for added volume.
jessicaclones,p4y62o,just wanted to say thank you for asking this!! i'd been wanting to ask a similar question (i have chronic back and pelvic floor pain so being bent at the waist is not great for me) but never got around to it so thank you!! very much glad to have a thread of resources bc i haven't figured it out yet either
missappleshape,p4y62o,"I don't have POTS or any other condition (and tbh don't really know what it is, so forgive me if I suggest something inappropriate) but my hair doesn't come out right with upside down styling so I've been playing around with right side up styling. 

I just wanted to let you know that if you're curious about the bowl method, I've had great luck doing it it right side up!
You need a massive, lightweight bowl (I use a plastic baking one) but it's definitely doable by lifting up the bowl up and simultaneously tilting and lowering your head into it from each side and the back. I diffuse right side up as well.
I have fine, kind of ""limp"" hair and it's the only method that last me more than one day!"
okiieee,p4y62o,"I have pots too. I like to microplop. I only tilt my head to sides and back a bit. Then air dry. If I diffuse, same thing."
thefiercestcalm,p4y62o,I lean side to side (you could do this while sitting if needed) and squish the water out with a microfiber cloth.
wutwutsugabutt,p4y62o,"I diffuse without bending over. I load the hairs on each side in the diffuser cradle and bring it up to the scalp and turn on the diffuser at that point. 

Back of the head takes a little stretch but if I bend over and get up too quick I’ll get a head rush."
yarmsicle,p4y62o,"I also have POTS and found that the upside down thing didn’t really make a huge difference on my hair, so I just tilt to the side while scrunching."
Old-Neighborhood-792,p4vsp8,"Constant breakage&&&I can finger detangle my hair it breaks. Brushing with a gentle brush starting at the bottom sometimes breaks. Strand test done at the hairline it breaks easily also at nape of the neck barely stretches. Used the hask argan oil repair mask 2 weeks in a row. I used healthy hair tri wheat leave in everyday which has protein. So what am I missing? Why is my hair still breaking???&&&Everything I have as a little bit of protein. Protein free I have Maui moisture conditioner, the shampoo has protein. All my leave ins have protein. Styling protein free I have curlsmith curl defining styling souffle. Never thought of protein overload cause all I have is the breakage. No extra tangles my hair doesn't feel like straw. My hair is growing out from dyed in Oct. last yr. Just cut a inch and half off a couple weeks ago. Any recommendations of a shampoo I can get at Walmart that's protein free and cgm approved????"
sno98006,p4vsp8,If your hair doesn’t stretch at all and then breaks you may have protein overload. Try quitting all protein products for a while to see if your hair becomes more balanced and elastic.
HryUpImPressingPlay,p4v1o7,"No no, it’s not the effort, it’s where you have to go that day lol. Nowhere?  Best hair day ever!  (I kid) Looks great!"
SuchLongth,p4v1o7,"Surprisingly good hair day at my parents house.... using absolutely minimal, 10 years out of date, drug store products&&&&&&No idea my hair type. It just had a mind of its own and apparently the less effort I make, the nicer it looks 😆"
geezluise,p4v1o7,"i always thought meh shampoo cant go bad but i def wouldnt do it, after i read on some threads what it can lead to."
whit_flinn,p4v1o7,Surprising I’ve had similar days where I used like super cheap motel shampoo and con and then my hair looked great. But also I’ve had the opposite where when I came home my hair looked a lot better... I don’t really know what else to think besides less is sometimes better andalso hair just appreciates a change once in awhile. You might have clarified with the other shampoo at your parents. Maybe just try using it for awhile and see what happens?
chemicalvillain,p4t22g,Beautiful!
fuxkyachickenstrips,p4t22g,"2nd wash with product!&&&&&&•complete wash process upside down•
Shampoo/conditioner: love, beauty & planet argon oil and lavender. 
Brush conditioner through with wide tooth comb, rinse. 
Apply not your mothers curl talk curl defining cream, prayer hands, squish to condish. 
Apply not your mothers curl talk mousse, squish to condish. 
Regular plop with 100% cotton tshirt to about 90%. 
Diffuse until fully dry!"
littlest_lemon,p4t22g,looks fantastic!
Smart-Cable6,p4r1n3,"Product fail and mixed feelings&&&&&&Hello, I need some help!
I have very fine, low porosity, barely wavy hair.

My mum has wild, dry 3c curls so I bough her Treluxe supreme curl and she loved it. I wanted to try it on myself so badly even if I knew this would be too heavy for my hair. I was right, my hair went greasy, heavy and ugly, but with some waves here and there. I washed everything down  the other day with a regular low poo (ihsani mint shampoo) and conditioned it only with a bit of leave in (khadi wonder hair tonic). Once it dried, I couldn’t believe my eyes, my hair started to curl like wild - I’ve never seen my hair like this before. 
The next wash day it didn’t occur and the overall quality and feeling of my waves went worse and worse with every wash day - like something would weight them down more and more (I was using still the same products I mentioned earlier).

I could still could smell the treluxe cream even after 5 wash days, so I decided to clarify (kinky curly come clean) but it didn’t help! I still had that weighted down feeling, no waves or curls. Flat. As a last resort, I used my bentonite clay mask and that finally helped and my hair started to slowly go back into some shape.

So my question is - how is this possible? Treluxe supreme cream contains a little bit of protein and my hair loves it so maybe it acted like a mask/treatment? Shoud I sometimes use the cream as a pre-poo? What ingredient could create this effect?

When doing stretch tests, my hair show mostly as too hydrated or balanced, so the need for protein could be the answer to this weird thing. 

Thank you for your suggestions!&&&Oh thanks! At what part of the wash should I do the rinse?&&&Yes it does contain borh oils an butters and it is too heavy. But that didn’t explain the sudden increase in my curls the next was day, does it?&&&But why did my hair curl like wild the next wash day? I already know I have to be very careful with moisturizing products and conditioners alltogether but I didn’t know there are dofferences between smallee and bigger proteins. Thanks!"
nettasaura,p4r1n3,"I agree with the others. This is EXACTLY what happened to me with too many very moisturizing products. Flat and sad and wouldn't hold a wave to save anything, but shiny and silky feeling to the point of being too silky. I never quite reached the ""mushy"" stage thank goodness. I got myself a protein-heavy sulfate-free shampoo (wash out products only for me because my hair gets overloaded easily apparently). Things are perking up. My conditioner does not have any protein at all. And I'm going a few wash cycles without styling (just diffusing) so I can really get a feel for how my hair responds to the proteins in that shampoo. It'll help me figure out frequency and/or conditioner amounts to have a nice balance before I go adding back in styling products. Just keep in mind that some people's hair likes bigger proteins and some people's hair prefers smaller amino acids. You'll have to figure out what yours prefers."
neverseektotell,p4r1n3,Try rice water rinses to see if the protein helps without weighing your hair down
sushimagpie,p4r1n3,It might have been too heavy for your hair. Does it contain any butters or oils?
Annmaren,p4l63p,"Had a good wash day today and feel like a mermaid, this sub has helped me so much!&&&&&&Routine: Shampoo with Shea Moisture Curl and Shine shampoo, condition and detangle with Shea Moisture Intensive Hydration conditioner. After rinsing condtioner out completely, apply 2 quarter size amounts of Kinky Curly Knot Today Leave In, glaze and then scrunch. Then apply a 1-2 teaspoons of Jessicurl Rockin Ringlets Styling Potion, then 2 teaspoons of Kinky Curly Curling Custard glazed and scrunched. Plop in perfect haircare towel for 20 min then diffuse until 70% dry, then air dry rest of the way. Sotc with 2 drops of jojoba oil. 
Hair Type: high density, coarse strands, medium-ish porosity&&&Thank you! I’ve been having some hair loss and dryness issues lately due to my autoimmune disease and I’ve been using Olaplex and deep conditioning like crazy so you’re comment means a lot!&&&Thank you 🙌🏻!"
Snoo-10032,p4l63p,Wow 😍
StackedRealms,p4l63p,Sotc? Wow your hair 👀 !!
_xtines,p4l63p,This is the dream!
eebyak,p4l63p,Definitely mermaid status reached 🙏
roundy_yums,p4l63p,Gorgeous. It looks so healthy!
WeAreStarless,p4kxui,"check out the stickied post on top of r/curlyhair called [""start here! beginner info""](https://www.reddit.com/r/curlyhair/comments/p2ydd9/start_here_beginner_info_weekly_no_question_is/) and that will get you started on the curly girl method!"
rheasylvia81,p4kxui,"Looks like my hair as a teen!

 Don't despair it can look really nice. Read the newbie advice and here's my tips:

 Get good products that work for your hair. Trial and error do get some samples.

Minimal heat. Diffusing is ok on medium.

Try different ways of styling. A lot of people swear by upside down , dripping wet etc but that's not for me.
I wash and condition, then he towel dry, apply products and diffuse.

Consider moisture vs protein treatment. If your hair is high porosity maybe do a protein one"
throwsadisc09,p4kxui,Where do I even start?&&&
cowsaysmeow14,p4koq2,"Annnnnd this is why I didn't realize my hair was wavy for so long...&&&&&&Sending you hair twin laughs! I definitely tried the silicone serum back in the day too, but just wound up going from disheveled longhaired kitten fur to wet cat in an instant 😂&&&Lol.... to be clear I am not hating on my hair, just this is why I thought it couldn't be kept long for so many years, because what even is that second photo? Crouching Tiger, Hidden Waves. Styling products are amazing!"
sno98006,p4koq2,"Saaame. When my hair is product free and air dried it’s just a shapless puffball of frizz. No wave, no clumps, no definition. I’d just brush it out and slap some silicone heavy serum to tame the frizz."
whitcantfindme,p4koq2,"You literally have my dream short hair. The shorter I go the poofier I get, but you have such great volume/wave without the poof. Loving it!!!"
Historical-Reward660,p4kfh9,"First wash day vs 3 weeks in CGM&&&&&&Routine:
Wash with suave naturals sulfate-free shampoo

Condition with Cantu Shea butter hydrating cream conditioner, brush with wet brush with conditioner in to remove all tangles, then squish to condish

Leave conditioner in while doing other shower stuff
Rinse out conditioner, finger detangling any extra snags that occur while rinsing

As I Am classic leave-in conditioner, glaze and rake it on then brush it through with wet brush to make sure every strand is coated 

Not your mothers curl talk curl mousse, apply GENEROUS amount with wide-tooth comb, add water, scrunch it in until most of the dripping stops

Add water, emulsify Aussie Instant Freeze Gel in hands and glaze in with praying hands, add more water and squish in until no longer sticky

Micro-plop most of the drippage out to get extra scrunching in

Plop for ~20-30 minutes (my hair doesn’t go crazy with too much plopping so I sorta just leave it on til I don’t feel like wearing it anymore)

Air dry completely

Scrunch out the crunch and fluff"
Sthebrat,p4kfh9,I admire how the second photo your hair looks so moisturized. It looks happy and healthy.
blueydoc,p4h9x6,"Homemade refresher&&&Been embracing my natural curly/wavy hair since last summer but still figuring some of my routine out. I’m hoping you guys can help!

I’ve read here and over on the curly hair sub that some of you make your own refresher and I guess I’m looking for advice on what to put in it?

I get good hair on wash day but then the following few days it’s a mess. I also struggle with my hair matting from not being brushed. 

All advice welcome"
4atiL,p4gomc,"Sounds like me. I like how mine looks w mousse, but then just brush it out for day 2 cause I don't like how it feels. Gel & curl creams have just pulled out all the wave due to heaviness. I have to clarify maybe once every week or it gets heavy/limp and won't hold the wave. I do like a leave in sometimes that seems to help keep frizz at bay."
josiefolland,p4gomc,I definitely would recommend mousse. With wavy hair often we have problems with definition and getting weighed down. Mousse still defines your curls without weighing them down like a gel does.
rand0m00100,p4gomc,"Advice for 2b thick hair&&&I’ve got a lot of thick, low porosity hair and am looking for some good products to define it. 

I think it’s around 2b and is quite frizzy but I’m stuck as what to get

Any advice is appreciated&&&will it still give me hold?"
Mirrranda,p4eb0e,"Me! I order most stuff on Ulta or Target. My local H‑E‑B has a surprisingly good selection of products for curly hair though, like uncle funky’s and blueberry bliss. Pretty sure mine has Aussie hair gel which is affordable.  I’m sure you know different H‑E‑Bs cater to different demographics based on who lives in the area, so checking out different ones in your area might yield different results."
SammysLogic_101,p4eb0e,"Anybody from Texas?&&&I just joined and I’m looking for some help! Since H‑E‑B is a Texas thing, I’m having a bit of trouble finding products that are ‘cheap’ and available. I‘ve googled for lists but I can’t find anything and searching up almost every product on the aisle hasn’t been helpful, haha! Can I get some help? 
❤️"
Bumblebee-Flying,p4e2r9,"Would you consider letting your hair dry in a loose ponytail? The curls seem to do better in clumps. I have gotten similar results to the last 2 pictures by putting my damp hair in a ponytail and twirling it so all the curls go in one direction. It takes longer to dry this way and obviously you're handling the hair more and it might require brushing while wet/damp but should give you waves similar to what you're looking for without waiting a whole week. 
Not sure how bad this is for your curls in terms of disrupting curl pattern. The first pics look very different compared to the last ones so it's hard to say. Hope this helps!"
Cdn_Nomad,p4e2r9,"My hair is a similar length to yours, and my go to lately is to braid it loosely when wet and let it dry that way. (Usually over one shoulder so it stays out of my way when sleeping.) Sometimes overnight. My result is similar to your goal pic."
HryUpImPressingPlay,p4e2r9,Can you get by with dry shampoo so you don’t have to wash out your big curls so often?  And have you tried cowashing or a low poo so you’re not resetting with every wash?  I also 2nd braiding or a denman brush to help the clumps find each other.
Kat-2793,p4e2r9,I actually put my hair in a low ponytail to dry as it helps me reduce frizz and insane volume. I notice my curls (which are very similar to OPs) dry better - but I’ve never considered twirling them! I’ll have to try that next wash day.
laCrocsbItch,p4e2r9,"My hair is quite similar to yours, more curly when I wash it, but became more loose if I don't refresh and let them be for several days. I personally prefer the tighter curls on me, but I know the manageability and consistentcy of the loose waves is much easier lol. I think both look great on you!

My advice would be to try to style it with a round brush or denman brush while wet, maybe with some mousse for a light hold (I use Pantene's curl mousse), or put it in a loose ponytail and finger curl/twist, as the other comment suggested.

All that being said, I do think you have more naturally curl hair than wavy. Given the coils in the first two pictures, your natural pattern seems like 3B/3C (though I'm not an expert). You might have better luck managing your hair with help from the r/curlyhair subreddit, since they would be better equipped to recommend products and styling, if you'd like another opinion on your routine."
throwaway_28894,p4e2r9,"I have a similar hair length too and have considered braiding, do you use any products in your hair when you do this?"
wavynotcurly,p4e2r9,"Whenever I wash my hair I get lots of little waves/curls that don't last, I want big waves like the second two pictures! Advice?&&&&&&I'm nervous about the dry time, but willing to try! How do you keep the twist in place in a ponytail? 

I feel like my curl pattern is all over the place, drives me nuts! I kinda like the look of the first one of it was neater, but it just doesn't last.&&&I haven't tried any mousses, I'll give it a go! I also haven't tried a deman brush despite hearing so much about it. My curl pattern is so varied which I struggle with. Here's a funny picture showing my curl pattern struggle.  http://imgur.com/a/D0vhgw5&&&My routine is varied since I'm trying not getting the results I want. I find that i generally get very similar results like the first two pictures no matter what I do when I wash, but then it loses all the curls the next day and it's just a mess. After not washing for several days it will revert to what I think it naturally ""wants"" which is those bigger waves. 

Some products/techniques I've tried: not your mothers tahitian gardenia flower mango butter cheek defining shampoo, herbal essence aloe and mango curl definer, NYMs curl masque, la looks gel + scrunch out the crunch,  Cantu curl cream, dessert essence coconut soft curl hair cream, Shea moisture hydrate and repair leave in, and most recently, some non curl regular shampoo/condition that achieved basically the same results as all those. I've scrunched the crunch, pineappled, plopped, used praying hands, everything. But they all five me these small clumps that are more dense that last several hours before totally falling apart into a frizzy volume monster. 

The big waves stay for a long time and I like them! Once they appear they are worry free, I just hate that washing my hair destroys them and makes me wait a week+ for them to reappear. Any tips??"
Historical-Reward660,p4dilp,"First really good wash day since starting CGM&&&&&&Routine:
Wash with suave naturals sulfate-free shampoo

Condition with Cantu Shea butter hydrating cream conditioner, brush with wet brush with conditioner in to remove all tangles, then squish to condish

Leave conditioner in while doing other shower stuff
Rinse out conditioner, finger detangling any extra snags that occur while rinsing

As I Am classic leave-in conditioner, glaze and rake it on then brush it through with wet brush to make sure every strand is coated 

Not your mothers curl talk curl mousse, apply GENEROUS amount with wide-tooth comb, add water, scrunch it in until most of the dripping stops

Add water, emulsify Aussie Instant Freeze Gel in hands and glaze in with praying hands, add more water and squish in until no longer sticky

Micro-plop most of the drippage out to get extra scrunching in

Plop for ~20-30 minutes (my hair doesn’t go crazy with too much plopping so I sorta just leave it on til I don’t feel like wearing it anymore)

Air dry completely

Scrunch out the crunch and fluff 😁"
