index,id,comments
ImManbat_,q0xb1g,"Have you tried sea salt spray ? My pattern always gets tighter and more defined after being in the sea so I got sea salt spray and mousse and seems to do the job really well for me. 
(My hair is a bit of all wave patterns)"
bigmisssteak7,q0xb1g,"Hair product suggestions? Nothing works to help bring out my waves (more focused in the back)&&&&&&This picture all I used was leave in conditioner, but usually I use Trader Joe’s tea tree tingle shampoo/conditioner, then Honest Company’s leave in conditioner, some oil on my roots. When I attempt to make it more defined I use Herbal Essences mouse and Marc Anthony strictly curls. I try to plop it and it never turns out well - I’m just so stuck on what to do!&&&Hair is STICK straight in the front which is always cute"
inthebuffbuff,q0xb1g,What are you currently using?
smallanimals123,q0xb1g,"my hair looks similar, what is your hair type ?"
FoxyFreckles1989,q0wlrm,You look amazing!
Jomato_Soup,q0wlrm,"Beautiful!! I’ve slowly added one, then two layers in my recent cuts. This has inspired me to go for more next time!"
SekkiGoyangi,q0wlrm,Wow idk if it's just me but you remind me of Scarlett Johansson 😍
Snowstig,q0wlrm,"And Angela from ""The Fit Curls"" on YouTube!  Your curls are gorgeous!"
SprinkledDonut88,q0wlrm,"My waves were starting to get stringy and fall flat at the ends, so I got a trim and added layers.&&&&&&No, I actually just went to a regular stylist.&&&I've been having a lot of bad hair days lately. My waves would stay in tact closer to the root, but I noticed my ends were starting to fall flat and my hair would often look stringy. After some frustration, I finally realized it was probably because my hair needed a trim. I'm thinking I was right. I can't even believe the difference. My hair is finally looking healthier and more defined again.

I got about an inch cut off, but my stylist also added in a bunch of layers. The layers really made a huge difference in my hair! 

The second photo is from a wash day. I shampooed and conditioned with Pacifica Pineapple Curls, applied Moroccan Oil curl cream, squished to condish, plopped for 10 to 15 minutes, and then diffused.

The last photo is from another wash day. I used Cantu Curl Activator cream and then As I Am curling jelly, squished into my hair for a couple minutes, plopped for 10 minutes, then air dried."
Theemperortodspengo,q0wlrm,"Wow, not only did it completely refresh your curls, but the shape is perfection for your features!!"
Throwaway814111736,q0wlrm,"Wow, that's amazing. The new haircut really flatters your face shape too"
a_diddle,q0wlrm,"Omg this is the inspiration I needed to do a reset cut! Your hair looks fabulous!

Edited for terminology"
adm0210,q0wlrm,That haircut transformed you into a literal Raphaelite ingenue
airam105,q0wlrm,Wow you have beautiful hair!That cut is so flattering on you and really just pulled your entire look together. Lovely!
cdeeezy,q0wlrm,"The cut looks so great! I’m wondering, did you go to a stylist that specializes in curly cuts? I’m new to embracing my waves/curls and nervous my regular stylist won’t be able to cut my hair in a way that accentuates the curls."
iambuzzlightbeer,q0wlrm,I was getting some strong Peyton Sawyer vibes.
inthebuffbuff,q0wlrm,So pretty 😍
invertednipples,q0wlrm,"Thank you for posting.  Your before is my now.  Your experience is very inspiring,  POST SAVED!"
ohlucency,q0wlrm,I got young Tori Amos!
shinbosuru,q0wlrm,I love your hair! The difference is huge.
GiveVegansMeat,q0twux,Bros go them waves&&&
Longjumping-Size-762,q0qtdy,"Two hair types in one?&&&Two hair types in one?

Is this a thing? I have always had wavy hair - both my parents do. But there seems to be two distinct hair types - one is finer and straighter, and interspersed all throughout is hair that almost looks kinky and texturally feels different. Like if I pull a handful of the hair away from my face you can clearly see both. I’ve had this “double hair” as long as I can remember so I don’t think it’s due to a dietary or health issue … Anyone else with this? It makes it difficult to style and it responds to product unpredictably"
throwaway_28894,q0qtdy,"My hair is like three different textures. I don’t have any advice but I can sympathize, it’s super annoying!"
Ceast31,q0mkab,"First attempt&&&&&&Thanks! It’s definitely got some wave in the back. I haven’t figured out how to get the top layer that frames my face to hold.&&&1. Neutrogena anti residue gentle shampoo
2. As I am leave in conditioner
3. Shea moisture curl enhancing smoothie
4. Garnier gel"
throwaway_28894,q0mkab,You hair looks absolutely beautiful!
jasmineindaeyo,q0j5uu,"2 weeks since I got a perm. (And yes, it's been colored too) Pretty good washday! 🤍&&&&&&I have thin, 2a-2b (i think), high porosity hair!

Routine:

Shampoo & Conditioner: Herbal Essence Argan Oil (Not CGM friendly but I'm on a student budget XD) 

Curl Cream: Cantu Curl Activator (1-2 drops mixed into full bottle of water spray) 

Mousse: Cake the Curl Whip Mousse

Gel: Gatsby Water Gloss (Also not CGM friendly) 

I co-washed today, applied conditioner and detangle my hair with a wide tooth comb. S2C (tried to) the conditioner and wash out. Sprayed on the curl cream and S2C again. Plopped for around 5 mins. Applied mousse (about a handful) upside down, prayer hand technique and microplopped, added gel (about a dip of 4 fingers, emulsified) also prayer hand and microplopped. Added a little bit more mousse (1/4 of a handful) and then airdried. 

Also, I'm looking out for any budget friendly gels that are available in the UAE ☺️ and any techniques to get more defined waves!"
GuinnessGirl50,q0h0gb,"Has your hair fully dried? If so, then try using less gel next time and see whether you can still get some hold without the stickiness."
littlefiddle05,q0h0gb,"1) make sure you’re not using too much. A small amount goes a long way

2) I personally find it best to put product in when hair is still soaking wet, then use “prayer-hands” to really make sure it’s evenly distributed. If I think I’ve added a little too much, I can even rinse just a little. It prevents the product from clumping so much, and gets it more evenly distributed. 

3) once the product dries, I hang my head upside down and scrunch it everywhere (place my hands below the ends and push up towards my head with a slight squeezing motion). Sometimes this disrupts the gel enough to soften it

All in all it may be a bad product, but assuming you can’t return it, it may be worth giving this a try :)"
mum_mom,q0h0gb,"Gel made hair sticky&&&First day of CG method. Got really pretty curls. I was shocked at just much my hair did curl. The only issue is that even though I never got gel cast, the gel made my hair quite sticky. I don’t have a diffuser yet. Could that be the issue? What’s the solution now? Re-wash?&&&Yes - and as I'm reading more review, it turns out this gel does tend to make other people's har sticky as well. Oh well, what should I do now? Wash again? Refresh?"
Blackberries11,q0g2zd,I have to do no products or at most one product or my hair looks disgusting
Jeschalen,q0g2zd,"Waves can be so easily weighed down, a one-product routine is optimal for me as well."
KaylaxxNichole,q0g2zd,"My waves started air drying so much better w/ a one product hair routine&&&&&&Thank you!&&&Same!&&&Thank you!&&&I have been using mane and tail shampoo and conditioner. I put my hair up in a microfiber towel for 30-60 mins then take it out and add garnier sleek and shine leave in, comb through, then scrunch with a T-shirt, then let air dry. 
I refresh in the mornings with water and sun bum styling cream&&&Thank you!&&&That’s so sweet! Thanks!&&&Thanks!!"
corgisoulpower,q0g2zd,Ohhhh the product has amodimethicone in it (and pretty high on the ingredients list!). I’m def gonna pick some of this up next time I’m at Target
encouragemintx,q0g2zd,Such beautiful waves!
ggstalks,q0g2zd,It looks so beautiful!!!!
oatbevbran,q0g2zd,"Oh my goodness I want to try this. I’m a month into this natural approach and it feels like the multiple products are just too much my hair. I want natural looking waves and I feel like I get sticky, heavy Shirley Temple curls. Looks cute on others, but looks ridiculous on me I think I’m going to give the one product plan a try. Your hair is beautiful."
palecoconuts,q0g2zd,Mine is almost identical to yours and you’re right - one product routine was the secret!! Looks great!
pepperup22,q0g2zd,My dream hair!!!
roundy_yums,q0g2zd,"Wow, it looks great!"
EmptyBoxOfPizza,q09pk3,what’s my hair type ?&&&
IndignantLemur,q08sxv,"Last year, last week (still damp), and today!&&&&&&Hair type is 2b, low porosity, coarse and on the thinner side of medium thickness. Very bare bones routine at the moment! My hair was about four inches longer, but it was badly damaged and provides by both heavy and difficult to untangle so my SO very nervously chopped the ends off.

1. Reset wash with Neutrogena anti residue shampoo

2. Cowash with Tresemme botanique nourish & replenish

3. Conditioner with same, comb and part with shower comb

4. Blow dry roots on low heat for less than three minutes, unleash the frizz, regret my life choices, allow to air dry.

I'll be tracking down a diffuser and more products later, since I'm in the middle of moving right now. Even so, this is great progress!"
Cjocelynn126,q06l7j,Yessss after I got mine it was a game changer!! My skin has never felt softer too as an added bonus!
CountessDeLessoops,q06l7j,"To anyone looking to get one, make sure it’s real silk and not polyester satin. Tons of misleading sellers on there looking to rip people off."
Pond913,q06l7j,"Finally got a silk pillowcase! It feels so nice on my face! Tonight will be the first time using it.&&& I saw Swavy Curly Courtney's vid on her nighttime routine from a while ago and I'm hoping my hair will be more curly underneath eventually. I'm sleeping with it up in a bun/pineapple. I'm keeping my fingers crossed bc the satin scarf was not comfy with bobby pins and would fly off without them.&&&I can be leaning my head against a pillow on the sofa and I get up and my hair is poofed and nest like. So my second day hair is even worse. I'm hoping the pillowcase helps keep the poof away.&&&My routine is 
Wash and condition with love beauty and planet.
I leave conditioner in for a couple minutes then rinse.
I use curlsmith leave in conditioner and use a wet brush to get tangles out. Then I scrunch and then use praying hands to put the curlsmith hydro gel in.
I micro plop with a t shirt and let air dry or diffuse if I have time.

At night I put in a bun and that's it, but now I've got my new pillowcase!
My hair is medium porosity and my hair is 2b/c"
TheHammerIsMy,q06l7j,I’m a big fan of silk pillowcases! I didn’t realize how big of a difference they make until I stayed at my sister’s and slept on her cotton pillowcase and woke up with so many tangles near my neck
karenmcgrane,q06l7j,"I just added a silk pillowcase to my Amazon cart and this might be the post that gets me to make the purchase, thanks!"
Cheshire_Cat8888,q02j1u,"Curl talk mousse from not your mother’s (like 8 bucks) and on the more expensive side of your range Uncle Funky’s Daughter Curl Stimulator (like 13-15 bucks where I am . You can get it at target and as well as cvs I think.)

I like to pair it together a lot too."
Doot24,q02j1u,"Seconding Uncle Funky's. I was not prepared for the amount of HOLD this stuff has but man, my hair needed it. Very lightweight too, easily scrunches out into a soft texture once dry (I have low porosity 2b hair)."
Eccentric_Tango,q02j1u,"The strictly curls mousse is quite nice, I wouldn’t say it’s light weight but it doesn’t weigh my hair down - it definitely gives some grit and good hold"
Emoooooly,q02j1u,Are you talking about the curl refresh foam? Or do they have another curl foam I don't know about?
HyperbolDee,q02j1u,Curls Blueberry Bliss is my favorite super light leave-in conditioner. That and NYM Curl Talk mousse are my current favorite products!
agalthatlovescoffee,q02j1u,"Herbal Essences Totally Twisted Mousse and Aussie Instant Freeze Gel are both relatively lightweight and super cheap!  I have fine 2B-3B and those both work for me.  I also like the NYM Curl Talk mousse and gel (although I haven't seen the mousse in a while, maybe they don't make it anymore).  Those are both relatively cheap as well, they're a bit heavier so be careful with the amount, but they have protein which is nice.

Have you tried skipping the leave-in and using a cream instead?  I never use leave-in because it weighs down my hair.  Cream might help you with frizz, but wavy and curly hair will always have a bit of frizz, that's just the nature of textured hair :)"
fluffysuccy,q02j1u,"I recently switched to aussie mousse, I love it Way better than the gels I have used in the past.  My sister uses the NYM curl mousse and she loves that, I might try it next time"
ginja_snaps,q02j1u,Cantu wave whip is my go too. Super light weight and cheap.
lvndrbrwn,q02j1u,Have you tried Kinky Curly Knot Today? it's around $13 a bottle around here but a little goes a long way with me. I've had one bottle for probably 3 months now and it's only half way empty.
rosegoldpizza,q02j1u,NYM curl talk curl foam is $9 and great for fine wavy hair. Most curl foams should work.
saberwolfbeast,q02j1u,"I make flax seed gel its light qyite conditioning and you can make it lighter or thicker by ypur needs.  I found that if you boil water and add t to tge seeds then mix around makea a nicer clearer gel rather than boiling it, its also faster and easier."
sammyk1082,q02j1u,"Does anyone have lightweight hair product recs around 10-15 dollars or less?&&&My curls are always weighed down by my leave in conditioner so i think i need lighter products and a gel because if i put too much leave in conditioner it’s weighed down and if i don’t put enough it’s frizzy. my hair type is around 2b and my routine is the emerge leave in conditioner and marc anthony strictly curls curl defining lotion&&&i used to use nym gel and i loved it so thanks!! i usually use leave in and that’s weighing my hair down for sure&&&thank you all for the suggestions! i’m probably gonna start using the not your mothers curl line or the hask curl line because i used the nym before and it was great in my hair, specifically the gel and the hask line i just started using and i love it so much although i will still be using a leave in conditioner since that just helps but i’m gonna only use it on wash days since i have the best results with that."
agalthatlovescoffee,q00h46,"Do your products have any protein?  My hair tends to fall flat/lose some wave/curl if I don't use any products with protein.  If your products are too heavy and/or moisturizing for your hair, that might also cause your hair to drop by the end of the day.  You also also try a stronger hold gel or spritzing your hair with hairspray before diffusing!"
yeslikethecountry,q00h46,"Hi all! Excuse my gross mirror but I wanted to get some advice. This is the best wash day I've had since starting to embrace my natural texture. I was so pleased but it dropped significantly by the end of the day and I haven't been able to achieve this since. Any suggestions or advice?&&&&&&Routine:

Shampoo with Noughty wave hello 

Condition with Noughty wave hello and detangle using a tangle teezer with conditioner in

Add further conditioner into soaking wet hair and squish to condish upside down - rinse conditioner upside down. (I think this day I had used all my Noughty so used the shea moisture deep conditioning mask for this step)

Scrunch Noughty gel hey curl gel into soaking wet hair and plop for 10-15 minutes 

Scrunch in umberto Giannini curl whip and diffuse until dry

Scrunch out the crunch with umberto Giannini curl serum lotion"
ReturnOfTheFox,pzztdm,"I've been using CGM for over a year now and always let my hair air dry until today. The weight of my wet hair always pulled the curls down as they air dried. Used a diffuser for the first time today - game changer!&&&&&&Routine: Ouidad Advanced Climate Control Defrizzing Shampoo, Shea Moisture Bamboo Charcoal Balancing Conditioner, Verb Curl Leave In Conditioner, Ouidad Advanced Climate Control Heat & Humidy Gel put in using praying hands method, then squish to condish. Used a diffuser to dry it."
Superb_Monitor_3097,pzzsms,I tried K18 and it wasn’t nearly as good for my hair as Olaplex is. It made my hair soft but did nothing for the curls/waves.
khajiithassweetroll,pzzsms,"Yooo I keep seeing this. I know Olaplex actually rebuilds bonds in your hair, but idk about this one. I really really wanna know but I can’t find answers either!!!"
miss_kay4,pzzsms,"Has anyone tried k18 molecular hair mask? Is it better than Olaplex?&&&
If you’ve tried k18, what did you think? If you’ve tried Olaplex, how do they compare?

I don’t have color damage, only heat damage to the top layer of my hair. I’m trying to decide between k18 hair mask and Olaplex. Maybe I’ll just buy samples of both. But I’d like to hear some opinions before I buy larger sizes as they are both pricey. 

https://www.k18hair.com/products/leave-in-molecular-repair-hair-mask-starter-size?variant=31969917796421"
Beansidhe0,pzwyz1,"Product recommendations for color treated hair? (Not blonde)&&&Hello! I'm looking for recommendations for shampoos for color treated hair. I've done some curl scan research, but could use first hand accounts. I was previously using Acure Wave and Curl Color Wellness Shampoo, but it weirdly got very runny and stopped being functional.&&&I've been doing it for about two years."
agalthatlovescoffee,pzwyz1,"Depending on how fine your hair is, you could try out some nicer shampoos for fine hair (vs something specifically for curly hair).  I have fine wavy/curly hair (2B-3B) and used to use Living Proof Full shampoo.  I'm now testing out the Innersense Pure shampoo after a recommendation from my stylist.  Both are color safe and worked really well for me."
guacaflockaflames,pzwyz1,Have you looked into the curly girl method??
vatheperson,pzwyz1,I dye mine copper red and use Pacifica Pineapple Curls. My color stays put as long as I use lukewarm/cool water.
Deej1387,pzsln0,"OP does not have 2c hair. I have 2c hair, and have a lot of ringlets and large corkscrews, and a lot of very deep waves. Even ringlets don't mean you have 3a; 3a patterns start from the ROOT, meaning you wouldn't have waves that come from the root and then form corkscrews as it goes. The typical hair charts have been extremely white washed, and a majority of people overtype their hair as a result.

OP has more like 2a/2b hair, but they definitely don't have 2c or anywhere near 3a."
LadyAugustina,pzsln0,"Some new products and a bit more patience while diffusing. I don't really know what kind of hair I have, just that it is wavy with some nice baby curls at the bottom. I used to think that my hair was thick but I'm beginning to doubt myself, not that it matters to much in my routine.&&&&&&You're hair is amazing. On washdays the curls are probably closer to 3a but they tend to go limb quickly.&&&Thank you&&&It's just so boring. Can't really list n to music or do anything else during.&&&My routine today:

Shampoo: Flora and Curl Coconut Mint

Conditioner: Flora and Curl Organic Rose and Honey

Leave in: Imbue Serum

Mousse: Umberto Giannini Color Foaming Orange Rosemary

Did the whole squish to condish routine with the conditioner and then detangled with it in. 

Put the serum into very damp hair and the mousse afterwards. Plopped in a shirt for around 20 minutes and then diffused for what feels like ages. It's still wet and although I'm not sure about most things I am very sure that I have high po hair, as it takes ages to dry."
OatmealCookieGirl,pzsln0,Your hair pattern looks like mine (2c/3a)
badumdumdom,pzsln0,that is not 3a hair. looks more like 2a hair.
talks-like-juneee,pzsln0,Your hair is beautiful! Totally understand not wanting to wait all the time to diffuse. I know I would get better results but just air dry most of the time.
ydnas618,pzsln0,Goregous waves!!
