index,id,comments
FieryGhosts,n3ky6m,"Can I still get wavy hair if I wash every day?&&&I tried skipping days between washes, but my hair gets so oily and gross, especially since it’s getting warmer outside. Maybe I could go back next winter, but for now I need to wash everyday.

But it’s definitely made my waves a little flatter. Has anyone else had success with wearing their hair wavy and washing every day?"
Illustrious_Basil917,n3ky6m,"I am in exactly the same boat. This has always been an issue with strict cgm method. 

I will be returning to the gym 3 times a week and I hope to work out/physical activity  2 other times during the week, so washing hair is completely necessary.

I wonder any wavy girls out there are washing their hair daily and if they have tips."
Marijkiki,n3ky6m,Personally I get oily hair and I’ve tried to go longer between washes but it hasn’t panned out for me. I also find that by the second day my hair falls flat and so it’s necessary for me to wash everyday to maintain the same volume for my waves
RubyJD,n3ky6m,unless your hair starts to get dry then yes
adynn,n3ky6m,"I also prefer washing my hair daily, and I’ve been having good results alternating between low poo and co-wash."
chai-means-tea,n3ky6m,"Of course you can! I’ve tried it on my wavy hair and can go 4 days before a wash from doing it alternate days.  
 
There are plenty of articles online too 

https://www.healthline.com/health/beauty-skin-care/hair-training&&&I think people use a dry shampoo between washes, but these are women with really curly hair who wash once a week . Ive never found one that works well for me though.&&&The hair getting oily is normal, it tries to overcompensate the dry scalp after a wash by becoming more oily .   

You need to train your hair to last longer between washes but I’m not sure how well it works for the summer 🤷🏻‍♀️

You could try looking up a dry shampoo though"
davideaglemann,n3ky6m,"You can't train your scalp. You should wash according to your scalp needs. If it's feeling like it needs to be washed everyday, then it should"
domifc,n3ky6m,"I have the same issue as well. Recently noticed my hair getting wavy after giving birth and now want to take advantage of it. I wash every other day or everyday when I'm working out because it's a must. I can't use dry shampoo because they all make my scalp itchy for days afterwards, even the ""natural"" ones."
manilagaloshes,n3ky6m,"Yes of course you can! I switch it up and wash with no regular schedule so I don’t have any great tips, but I love @wavycurlychronicles on Instagram. She’s a daily washer with beautiful hair and tons of content about how to do it and get great results"
neverseektotell,n3ky6m,Wash with a light conditioner instead of shampoo in between.
EstablishmentNo3780,n3kiid,"Woooowwwq, it's a dream to get my waves like yours 🥺✨

Also, if you don't mind, what's your haircut? I want something similar too for my hair once it's grown upto mid waist length"
MemphisGalInTampa,n3kiid,I think it’s very pretty ❤️🖤❤️
Nervous-Ad2534,n3kiid,Your hair is so pretty! I want my waves to look like that
Savannamanda,n3kiid,Your hair is so thick and healthy looking! Beautiful! 🤩
TeachingHuge2787,n3kiid,Gorgeous!
ameliabw,n3kiid,It’s usually described as U-shaped layers if you’re going to a hairdresser :)
lordenkenspenk,n3kiid,Your hair is SO shiny!!! I love it
musigalglo,n3kiid,"Getting More Movement in My Waves&&&&&&Aw thanks!

I cut my own hair, but I'll try to explain with these pictures:

Step 1:
https://drive.google.com/file/d/1B8K5MAZUjkaEM6Ql8zjyI-zEHJjeL4MH/view?usp=drivesdk
Split your hair in the back and bring each half over your shoulder. I use my natural part. In the picture, the red line shows the top surface of the hair, and the purple shows the underside. Use your fingers to pinch the sheet of hair and turn it as shown to cut straight across the bottom. This will create the curved shape in the back. You can pull these pieces together in the middle in the front to make sure they're even lengths after you cut both sides.

Step 2:
https://drive.google.com/file/d/1B4rXGxWuYPmJSEhVQYMLQuK7DV9HVL9m/view?usp=drivesdk
Section off however much hair you want for your outer perimeter thickness. I usually do a little over my ear as shown by the green line. The hair below this line will hang free and will not be cut. Gather the rest of the hair above the line into a ponytail right in the center of your hairline on your forehead. Make sure that all your hair is smooth along your head going into this ponytail. Trim the hair to match the shortest hairs pulled from the back - this will layer the hair in front.

Step 3:
https://drive.google.com/file/d/1B6F0eOOxvzS9DCYbrEr1q3HPLXNlhWvW/view?usp=drivesdk
Section off the crown of your head and release the hair below the second green line. Gather the hair at the crown again into a ponytail in the same place as before. Cut another inch off that ponytail.

It's like a double unicorn cut, but I hated the v-shape that gave me when I first did it, so I integrated the other perimeter technique to keep the u-shape I like instead.&&&Today I used the Mop Top Clarifying Shampoo, the Mop Top Light Conditioner, and Aussie Instant Freeze Gel (new formula)

I ran water through my hair with my head tilted back, brought the hair over my shoulder on one side and smoothed the gel over it, switched it over the other shoulder and did the same. Then I parted my hair roughly in the back (too precise of a parting makes the back look less natural) and brought each half forward over my shoulders. I brushed the gel through my hair with the perfect hair care brush, and then I separated each side into two halves: ears forward and ears back. I coiled each section around my finger (following the natural curl) and squeezed as much water out as I could by pressing the coil between my palms.

Then I got out of the shower and used my t-shirt towel to scrunch out additional water. Next, I hover diffused on high - with the ears forward sections in front of my shoulders and the ears back sections behind my shoulders. When everything was 80% dry, I tilted my head in all directions in a big circular movement back and forth a few times and let my hair air dry the rest of the way.

After I was fully dry, I smoothed over the hair using praying hands with Raw Curls Anti-Frizz Spray to break the cast.

Medium-high density, medium porosity, medium strand thickness.&&&Thanks!&&&So sweet - thank you!&&&Thanks! Deep conditioning every week helps - I use a mix of the JessieCurl deep conditioner and the Hask keratin deep conditioner.&&&Thanks 😊&&&Thank you 💚&&&Thank you 💚&&&Thanks! 😊"
plaidbirdbean,n3kiid,GORGEOUS! Wow! Dream hair right there
roundy_yums,n3kiid,That is gorgeous! So shiny and healthy looking!
wixkedwitxh,n3kiid,I’m obsessed with those waves
djdanger12,n3k6q1,"What products to use???&&&Hey everyone, I’m at the start of beginning my wavy hair journey! I have a good layer of natural wavy hair, but I’m looking for products to help speed up and bolster the process. My research has shown a sulfate and silicone free product is the way to go. Any help on suggesting a product or tips will be much appreciated!!"
itsalwayssunnyonline,n3k6q1,"Welcome!! Do you know details about your hair like your curl pattern, thickness, porosity, density, etc? These will allow people to recommend products to you more helpfully."
crushedredpepper_,n3k0gp,Was told to look for help here!&&&
jo_bani,n3k0gp,"So, first thing, the gentlest way to do detangling is with conditioner in your hair. So instead of brush AFTER she's out of the shower, use the wide tooth comb in the shower, with the conditioner still in. The idea is that the slipperier the hair, the easier it is the loosend the tangles. 

Next, it sounds like she's got very fine hair? If that's the case then I'd guess the shea moisture curl smoothie probably doesn't do her any favors. I have coarse, lower porosity hair and I had the same problem. I'd try using a lightweight leave in conditioner instead. It's not a ""styling"" product, but it's a second shot of moisture and again will give the hair slip, which will reduce frizz.

As for the dandruff, it's hard to say because if it's a serious case of true dandruff then you kind of need the H&S. But, if it's not too severe or isn't ""true"" dandruff, As I Am has a scalp care line with tea tree and olive oil that I think is pretty decent. I have some minor scalp issues and started using the cowash and it's the first cowash that I've used that I like for my hair. But they also have a regular shampoo, conditioner, etc in the line, so it doesn't have to be cowash if that's not her thing. 

Beyond that, things like not using regular terry cotton towels on your hair and sleeping with a silk/satin pillowcase/bonnet/scarf go a long way."
OkProfit3111,n3jsz0,"Diffuser Help *Please*&&&I used my brand new diffuser attachment for the first time last night and it was an absolute disaster. PLEASE give me tips (I have 2A hair) because clearly I have no idea what I'm doing. (for context, I ended up with frizzy, half bone-dry half sopping separated waves, and somehow a quarter of my hair ended up nearly straight).&&&pixie diffusing is what i did last night :/ but i think attempting when im less rushed might help&&&oh my god thank you so much.... this is exactly what i needed. i \*definitely\* need to try hover diffusing, kinda considering washing on day 1.5 just to try this out tonight"
littleprojects,n3jsz0,"Here’s what I’ve learned after a few months: it helps to hover diffuse before pixie diffusing to ensure that you get a good cast to form. This means holding the diffuser ~3-6 inches from your hair and, without touching or moving your hair, move the blow dryer around to get your styling product(s) to form a cast. I usually do this for about ten minutes—a few minutes upside down and a few minutes with my hair flipped to each side. I’m typically REALLY gentle as I move from side to side. If your hair doesn’t form a good cast after doing this, you may need to use more product/different product, or your hair may be over moisturized. You’ll know if your cast isn’t good enough if lots of strands are blowing loose from your curl clumps as you’re hovering.

Once the curl clumps feel hard to the touch and still a little cold (telling you that they’re still damp), switch to pixie diffusing or some modified version of it. Cup the clumps to your head with the diffuser and blow them on low heat for a minute or two. Not everyone turns off the dryer between sections, but it can help keep your curl clumps in tact and prevent frizz. Do this all over your head, gently flipping from side to side and upside down to upright until the clumps are no longer cool to the touch. I usually get impatient by the end and blow the clumps on high heat and high power, but I’d only recommend doing that if you really trust the cast you were able to form. 

I’d suggest trusting your instinct and not trying to restrict yourself to certain rules. If your curls are separating, you’re either not using the right product, not using enough product, or you’re not being gentle enough during the drying process. If your hair is dry in places and wet in places, try to use the diffuser to hover dry or cup the sections that are wet—my hair tends to dry at the ends and the roots first, which means I have to awkwardly cup the mid-sections to dry them without over-drying my ends. Trust your gut. I’m not sure what to suggest about the straight sections because I have that problem as well. I’m starting to think it’s just my wave pattern."
madamepicklepuss,n3jsz0,"Have you looked into pixie diffusing? Mine used to turn into a HOT mess when I diffused until I started doing the pixie method. There's tons of videos on youtube to show you what to do. I've also found that for me, starting upside down is a horrible idea, so don't be afraid to experiment with your technique."
Kate_The_Great_414,n3etyc,"I have layers, always have.   I have a lot of fine hair and look ridiculous without layers."
OkProfit3111,n3etyc,"Not quite the same, but I have fine, high density 2a hair and had that exact haircut and it never felt quite right. Getting layers was the perfect fix and I love it 10x more."
gardensnail101,n3etyc,"Layers or blunt haircut?&&&What's your hair type and which do you prefer? I have fine, low density 2A hair and its currently a blunt cut just past my shoulders. Debating doing layers next time"
itsalwayssunnyonline,n3etyc,2a and I always get layers!! They look awesome on wavy hair
pseudofruit,n3etyc,"I have 2/3 borderline hair. I just got layers cut into it ranging from bottom of my ears to my shoulders and LOVE it. It looks a little messy/windswept and definitely added a bit of volume/roundness from the shorter waves getting a bit curlier, but I like how that looks a lot. I haven't exactly had a blunt cut though (my current hair length is a result of growing out buzzed sides and a very short top over quarantine) so can't really compare."
Animalslove1973,n3ajvg,"Morning frizz hair help&&&&&&My routine this morning was to spritz with water when I wake up my hair is rather poofy but there’s not much curl. I do this medusa clip thing that I saw someone talking about where I use jar clips to pin up parts of my hair during the night.

Put the picture on the left is what I’m left with. It’s pretty frizzy. I think I have low porosity hair but I’m not completely sure. What would you add to my morning routine to help with this for us? And to sort of help with the curl a little bit more. I’m only a few weeks into bringing out my curls I’ve been coming straight for years. Well, my whole life.&&&I have fine, thin hair so:
a light leave in conditioner 
Light mouse 
Jessicurl rockin ringlets and spirulicious"
AnnMcKenzie,n3ajvg,Silk pillow case put it in a style before bed.
Cannunu,n3ajvg,"I have had the same problem before, until I designed those special hoodies, with border hoods to keep a perfect hairstyle and satin lining to retain moisture and prevents frizz. I hate the general hood which presses my hair all the time. Hope it can help you too. www.cannunu.com"
pluperfecthell,n3ajvg,What products do you use at night/the day before?
21stcenturyschizoidf,n39ru2,"This has has been slept on and unwashed for days and it’s still popping. Never thought this was possible pre-cgm!&&&&&&Some (poorly applied) red-tinted lip balm!&&&Thanks!&&&Oh I just looked her up, she’s gorgeous! 🥰🥰&&&I think I have 2a hair, medium porosity, med-high density. 

Last wash day I used Zoto’s low lather cleanser, Jessicurl too Shea! Conditioner, Jessicurl rockin ringlets, and Garnier structure gel. Diffused. 
My hair has more of a “barrel roll” curl on wash day but it doesn’t last long! 


For damp refresh I get my hair damp with a spray bottle and squish in herbal essence totally twisted mousse (or LUS all in one wavy if I’m frizzy). For full wet refresh I get wet in shower, use my homemade spray gel (Garnier gel + cantu curl enhancer + water), and diffuse. 
I sleep with my hair down on satin sheets.&&&Thanks 😊&&&Thank you 😁"
Asleepy0-0,n39ru2,Why you have to be so beautiful??? 🥺
DaydreamerJane,n39ru2,Your hair is fantastic but imma need that red lipstick name and brand stat
EstablishmentNo3780,n39ru2,You look gorgeous. Woah✨💯
The_13th_reason,n39ru2,Your hair is so pretty!!
lovelyeufemia,n39ru2,"You're giving me some Rachelle Lefevre vibes, and that's one of the highest compliments I can give! You're rocking it!!"
wixkedwitxh,n39ru2,Looks amazing!
AnnMcKenzie,n35mmm,Have you thought about using the Denman brush to Detangle with in the shower when you have conditioner in? It gave me really nice results I have a very similar hair type to you.
telekineticm,n35mmm,"literally cannot believe this was day six hair&&&&&&I posted my routine in a comment! Good bot!&&&This was day six!!!!!!! 

On wash day, I oiled and massaged hair til greasy before getting into the shower.

In shower: 

1) Finger comb to detangle more fully.

2) Wash with shea moisture honey, fig, and baobab shampoo, only really using it on scalp. 

3) use shea moisture honey fig etc. conditioner. Detangle under running water

4) reapply conditioner, leave in while washing body, etc.

5) squish to condish, maybe stick head under for some extra water before turning off shower.

6) apply shea moisture coconut hibiscus curling smoothie (just a bit, maybe a teaspoon or two?) and garnier honey treasures leave in, and a bit of jojoba oil and a pea size amount of gel. Apply with praying hands, brush into hair with denman brush.

7) denman brush sections as the spirit moves me

8) clip up with claw clips, trying to keep curl shapes intact more or less. Let hair dry, with the help of occasional hair dryer bouts as I feel inspired to do so.

I did a wet refresh pretty much every day this week--twice I reapplied conditioner or leave in or jojoba oil, but otherwise the only styling products were put in last Sunday on wash day.

This was yesterday's day six hair--in the shower I avoided getting my scalp wet, but got the rest soaked and conditioned. I did four huge sections and did a lazy denman pass, then clipped up, hairdryer dried a bit, and then about an hour later took it down and it looked like this!! 

I'm really impressed how, since I started styling my hair wavy, my hair has waaaaaayy more volume and gets greasy much slower. Very cool."
maybelletea,n30ui1,"Last two wash days have not been good :( today and wednesday, but the first two pics are from today. Last pic is from a good wash day, Monday. I just started doing this a couple weeks ago and I'm like did I already forget how to do it?&&&&&&Hmm not too much, got cloudier/maybe rainier

Ohh okay. Yeah I'm using sulfate shampoo (aussie miracle curls)and ordered a sulfate free one to alternate out (curl talk).  Does aussie still act as a clarifying or should I every couple weeks use a clarifying shampoo 🤔&&&Omg maybe it is because I did the styling upside down this time because I've seen others do it that way. I think that was the main thing I did differently

Wednesday's fail I'm not sure tho&&&Shampooed and conditioned with aussie miracle curls, did the squish to condish thing in the shower. The curls seemed to clump well?? Then rinsed out the conditioner, and scrunched in herbal essences totally twisted mousse on very wet hair for a minute or two, and applied totally twisted gel with praying hands.

Then plopped for maybe 25 min, then diffused a little bit. But the wet waves out of the plop were already stringy/not what I'm used to."
rmg1102,n30ui1,"You’re always gonna have some meh periods with wavy hair! 

When 
 in a rut and this early into wgm some things I would consider are:
* clarify wash (using a sulfate shampoo ~1x month to remove buildup)
*  product amounts and application - maybe you used more/less shampoo, conditioner, styler, etc? And maybe applied differently 
* hair cut, if I have longer hair w straggly split ends my hair starts to get wonky"
thots_nprayers,n30ui1,"Is the weather different? Sometimes my usual favorite styling products won’t work depending on the dew point (especially if they have glycerin in them). It makes a huge difference between a good wash day and a bad wash day.         

Another possibility is product buildup. Perhaps consider washing with a clarifying shampoo and see how your hair reacts. If you get your waves back you’ll know that you need to clarify regularly."
