index,id,comments
jeiay,rpezx1,My hair gets 'curlier' the more days I don't wash it so yea
kyondayo,rpezx1,"yup. often times, my hair gets curlier/more ringlets after the first day and on."
ladyofthegreenwood,rpezx1,"Ever gotten a weird day 2 ringlet that wasn’t there on wash day? (No refresh)&&&&&&Routine: Wash twice a week with As I Am Dry & Itchy Scalp Care, flip upside down and squish to condish with Maui Moisture Heal & Hydrate + Shea Butter Conditioner, rinse upside down with cool water. Squeeze out water, squish in Not Your Mother’s Curl Talk Mousse, and plop for 20-30 minutes. Diffuse on low heat until 75% dry, air dry.

I got a massive haircut a few weeks ago that’s done wonders for my waves! I think it’s still figuring out how to react to it though."
Human-Reflection-176,rpds5n,"Combing to detangle dry hair&&&Hi,
Does anyone else detangle when your hair is dry instead of in the shower? I’ve always done it dry, but tried the wet detangling as recommended by CGM, I find that I lose much less hair when I comb it when it’s dry instead of doing it wet with conditioner."
iamawarrior_,rpds5n,Yes! I brush my hair gently while it's dry before I take a shower and then rake my conditioner in soaking wet hair in the shower!! :)
bumphelpplease,rpd24c,"I did a acv salt scrub on my scalp, then normal routine afterwards (low poo, conditioner, primer gel etc - do what you normally do) and then when I was putting my hair in a wrap I clipped as much as I could up to the top of my head. 

I swear I looked like a lion the next day once it was all dry. Biggest volume hair of my life. I only do the scalp scrub once month at most as it can be harsh on the skin I think but definitely helped with buildup on the scalp."
floweringfemininity,rpd24c,"Fixing triangle hair: how to get more definition and volume at the roots?&&&I have had triangle hair my entire life - the hair at my scalp is always flat and frizzy with no definition. What are your tips to help fix it?&&&I’ve heard of ACV rinses before - I really think clarifying might be at least part of the solution to my problem. Good to know root clipping actually works for wavy hair - I always assumed it was just a curly girl thing! Thank you for the tips, I’m saving this post for reference!&&&Thank you! I’m sometimes hesitant to scrunch all the way up because I’m scared of build-up, but that’s what the clarifying is for right? I appreciate your help!"
forevermediumm,rpd24c,"Clarify, scrunch all the way up to the root when styling, and root-clip :)"
Cloverflagg,rpcnt9,Your hair is incredible
FamousOrphan,rpcnt9,It was the headbanging that did it for sure.
Flayrah4Life,rpcnt9,Your hair looks so soft and bouncy! How did you go from #3 to #1? Do you get your layers done in a specific way to maximize their lightness and bounce?
I-am-a-sleeepy-Jew,rpcnt9,Your hair is glorious 🤩 it looks sooo soft and silky and the curls are divine
ImaCoolMom1974,rpcnt9,Lovely!! 😍
Puzzleheaded-Room990,rpcnt9,"I love your hair cut, whats it called?"
TaraFairy,rpcnt9,I think it's perfect!
clicker_yt,rpcnt9,"I had bangs like that. You could grow them out and they will blend with the rest of your hair and while they are growing just keep them out of your face. I used clippers or something similar to clip mine on the left and right side (the middle was empty). Also, since I no longer have bangs that were touching my forehead, my forehead acne cleared up (and the irony was I was wearing bangs to cover the acne...). After they grow out you can cut them a little bit shorter than the rest of the hair (but again, keep the middle part empty, cut just a few hair strands at the sides). If you have really curly hair it will shrink a bit and form a nice curl like on photo #1."
elrineswag,rpcnt9,"wanted to share how well my hair journey is going :) very happy with how my hair looks today! hope this inspires some of yall. I know it isn't perfect but makes me happy!&&&&&&routine: not the best routine so I'm not sure I recommend it...lol

shower: r+co shampoo cassette to top of head and massage scalp only, rinse, comb in r+co bel aire into mids and ends of hair and let sit through end of shower. rinse. 

after: squeeze out some of the water, but have hair pretty saturated, finger comb in hairitage curl cream. now it's weird. I head bang 5 times to get my hair loose and Broken up. then I take aussie gel and glaze it over my hair, upside down, and scrunch with shirt. I scrunched hair after flipping to sides, plopped hair in t shirt for awhile. after awhile I took it out, and put just a bit of hairitage foam in my hair, upside down. then I waited until my hair was dry, put some hairitage Aryan oil in it and broke the gel cast, and shook up my hair. 

and somehow that made my best hair day???&&&as long as I keep it put up for a bit and use gel it does stay up! my hair tends to fall quickly when it's wet, so the scrunching and plopping does help. I'm very lazy too so that's why I just throw products in, squeeze it, and tie it. I don't have the patience to diffuse it for so long like other people do 😅 I did start using nicer hair products and it costs about the same because now I can use so little compared to before. the conditioner also doesn't weigh my hair down and make it feel built up like with the cheaper ones (I would use SO much)  I wish you luck! my technique breaks like every rule in the book so I may not be the best to ask 😅 good luck :)&&&thanks! I got a modified shag haircut. I didn't want the layers as dramatic as with a shag, but I love how it can bring out the wave at the top of my hair&&&getting the chunky layers has totally helped, before the layers I got cut were minimal at best. I also used to brush my hair all day. that has been such an adjustment for me! it's just a habit for me to mindlessly comb and touch my hair. otherwise for me, it's been about trying to find holding products for my hair. my hair looks amazing wet, then falls as it dries. so it's been a long progress of that. I think at pic 2 I was using gel, but I wasn't scrunching my hair upside down, no over the top headbanging, and no plopping. pic 3 I just used oil and combed my hair down all day.&&&VERY low porosity, fine strands, high density hair"
mum_mom,rpcnt9,I needed to see this today
mycatzorro,rpcnt9,"Looks amazing!!! My hair looks a lot like your “before” picture from a year ago and it sounds like we have a similar hair type… I’m curious, if there are ever days where you aren’t able to use gel and foam to help hold your natural wave pattern, does it look much different from the “before” photo? Only asking because I’m personally verrry lazy and I don’t know that I’d be able to do it consistently, but hoping plopping and using nicer shampoo/conditioner than I used to will slowly make a difference over time too!"
salamipope,rpcnt9,wowowowow i wish my hair was like yours
shmelidadorsi,rpcnt9,How did you get your bangs to change from pic #4 to #1? I currently have bangs and hate them and they are straight and on my face like in your fourth picture. Please help me learn how to get my bangs from straight and flat to curly and out of my face like that!
tehbggg,rpcnt9,"Wow! That is huge progress! Your hair looks beautiful, and I love the cut/style too."
vanyali,rpcnt9,"You can refresh your hair in the morning without washing and all that by spraying it with some water and scrunching it again.  That re-activates the stuff you have in your hair (whatever it is, gels, conditioners, whatever) and makes it look styled without so much effort."
A_Carmine,rp3rln,"Day 3 hair!&&&&&&Thank you! But it doesn't look like this every time. That's why I'm postig this 😂&&&My routine on wash day -
1) Shampoo with Cantu cream shampoo
2) Decided to try Gliss Protein 4-in-1 mask 
3) Scrunched in some Cantu Curl Revitalizer 
4) Scrunched in some mousse
5) Diffused upside down. 
 
It turned out to be such a disaster. I guess my hair didn't like protein at all. But I still have no idea about porosity or how to tell what my hair needs each time. 

Next day I just put my hair in bun. 

Today (day 3) I decided to try to refresh my waves. My routine today - 
1) Dry brushed my hair
2) Used dry shampoo on roots
3) Mixed water with some Keracare leave in conditioner
4) Sprayed my hair in sections until it was damp
5) Scrunched in mousse in sections 
6) Diffused switching sides (not upside down) until dry. 

So happy about the result! I actually didn't believe it could turn out so good!&&&Douglas styling mousse. It's just a regular mousse from my local shop, I don't know if it's possible to buy it online. (I live in a small country in Europe)&&&Thank you 😊&&&Thanks! I was impressed as well!&&&Thank you! 😊 I actually decided to try refreshing just because we had family dinner planned and I didn't want to go out in a bun second day in a row 😅 I hope this is not the only time it works out 😅"
Frenchfam07,rp3rln,Agreed! Lol!
ImaCoolMom1974,rp3rln,"Love it!!! 😍Hair goals! And I love how you said your wash day was a disaster but after putting it in a bun you were able to make day 3 look at this lovely, gives me hope."
Sharp-Analysis-7736,rp3rln,This is so refreshing!
_a_v_a_123,rp3rln,"Ugh 😒 Your hair is literally PERFECT. And here us other mortals are, not even capable of making something out of wash day. It’s very unfair 😅"
babababish,rp3rln,Wow. Just wow 😍
especiallyknot,rp3rln,"wow your hair is gorgeous, absolute hair goals"
graytub,rp3rln,Which mousse do you use?
inshort53,rp3rln,What brand mouse do you use?
AestheticNatti,rp2wu7,"Has anyone tried Loreal Paris Elvital Dream Length Wave Mousse?&&&I'd like to know if it works for wavy hair and if its CGM approved.  


The ingredient list:  aqua / water, glucose, isobutane, butane, propane, niacinamide, decyl glucoside, ricinus communis seed oil / castor seed oil, sodium benzoate, hydroxycitronellal, limonene, benzyl alcohol, benzyl salicylate, linalool, alpha-isomethyl ionone, carrageenan, geraniol, citronellol, coumarin, hexyl cinnamal, glycerin, parfum / fragrance.&&&Thank you for the info!&&&Thank you!!"
AggravatingSector189,rp2wu7,This has been my list for checking as of late https://curlscan.com/approved
Economy_Education521,rp2wu7,"If a product is not listed on curlscan, which the other commenter recommended and I prefer as well, you can copy/paste the ingredients into [curlsbot](https://www.curlsbot.com/) and it will tell you whether it’s CGM approved.

The difference between the two sites is that curlsbot will simply look for non-CG ingredients and give you a yes/no answer, and if applicable, what ingredients are not CG approved. Curlscan not only tells you whether or not it’s CG, but also lists hot-button ingredients like aloe, coconut, protein, etc, that are helpful for finding products with ingredients you like, and without the ones you don’t. The advanced search on curlscan is also super cool; you select the type of product you want (conditioner, styler, leave in, etc), and you can select what ingredients you want, and which ones you’re trying to avoid

Edit; curlscan’s downfall is that it does not have all products in its database. This is where curlsbot’s ingredient-based setup is helpful; it doesn’t need info on every product out there, just what ingredients aren’t CG"
Puzzleheaded-Room990,rovv1u,Consider using leave in and gel?
SuspiciousMidnight74,rovv1u,"VERY thick wavy (?) hair. Need advice on how to sleep with it.&&&&&&Hadn’t thought of that. do you put it on wet and do you have any recommendations?&&&for shampoo and conditioner I use giovanni deeper moisture and then I use l’oréal total repair protein recharge on the ends. That’s it. Wash it once a week and sleep in two loose side braids. 

I think my hair counts as wavy but I have loose ringlets if I scrunch it. I always end up with frizzy matted hair or S waves (if I braid it overnight) on day 2.&&&Do you put the gel in and scrunch when it’s damp? I’m very new to hair care so sorry if this is a dumb question. Do you tie it up and then put the bonnet on?"
subaquaticsubatomic,rovv1u,"If you're not liking the look from braids and pineappling, what about a bonnet?

I wash at night too, and my hair is too short to pineapple. If I leave it loose, I wake up looking like Yahoo Serious. I tried wrapping with a scarf, but it kept falling off, so I found a satin lined bonnet to try and it's been amazing! Mine is from Goodnight Hair Bonnets.

Also, I second the recommendation for leave in and gel. A little bit of hold will make a big difference in longevity. I like Not Your Mother's Curl Talk line, the curl cream and gel work really well for me."
AutomaticYak,rotmol,"Most people have some wave. If you have a light wave, you can probably change your routine and get some more out of the rest. 

I recently started caring for my hair to increase the waves and the more I do, I’m finding I have downright curls in there!  Never would have considered my hair “curly” until recently. 

Can you provide a pic of your hair or something you see on the internet that is similar to yours?  Is the hair itself thick or thin?  Do you have a lot of hair?  Does it feel healthy or dry, heavy or staticky?  Is there much humidity where you live?  I had to start answering these questions before I could work out a better routine."
MsKitty227,rotmol,"What's your hair routine?? I want to start seeing if I have curls or not, someone directed me to this subreddit. I have thick hair, alot of hair it's very long, and humid where I live most of the time lol"
lovingtype,rotmol,"Not entirely sure if I have wavy hair or not&&&Until recently I thought I might not have wavy hair since my hair seems kind of straight but the right side of my hair curls and faces to the left. My hair has never been perfectly straight but its not really noticeably wavy nor is it really frizzy. Ive cut my hair prettty short so the only thing thats been really noticeable for me is my bangs and hair framing my face curling left but the right looks straight. Im trying to figure out if its straight but kind of just weird and fucked up or is wavy and I should maybe look into changing the way I wash my hair. I’m asian so my mom’s always washed it as if I have straight hair so if my hair really isnt Id like to start looking into a different way for washing it that fits my hair type.&&&My hair looked like this when it was long! https://naijasuperfans.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/02/Asian-Hair-1024x682.jpg In the past I had one strand of hair that was completely curled naturally by itself but only that one little spot.

  
I’d say my hair is maybe more thick? When I went to the salon sometimes I’m told my hair is really thick and one person had someone else finish cutting my hair since they said it was really tiring for them with how thick it is. Though like it doesn’t look like it’s thick to me tbh. I think my hair feels more heavy but oily it gets really oily fast. I don’t think there’s much humidity where I live since I’m in Cali! That’s also really cool changing how you take care of your hair had caused more of your curls to come out!"
LongTallSalski,rosjmh,"Not technically a treatment, but I really liked Glow Lab Hydrating Conditioner, it has Keratin in it and is cg approved. I use it every few washes to get a little bit of protein regularly. It’s a NZ brand, but widely available in Aus. 


Don’t pay full price for it though, it’s regularly on sale at Woolies (at least once a month). I think Glow Lab have a hydrating mask in that range too so maybe check that out when it’s on sale too."
pepelezoo,rosjmh,"Favourite protein treatments - australian products please! and if it’s ‘drugstore’ even better (like coles, woolies, priceline, etc.)&&&"
tellmywifeilovedher,rosjmh,"Idk if it's a protein mask because I'm new to all this, but my favourite hair mask of all time is affordable and from Chemist Warehouse. It's the My Organics Goji Miracle Mask. Nothing else makes my hair feel so silky, strong and yet not weighed down, and it has a really lovely smell (I'm very sensitive to chemical fragrances, but this one is more natural). I've been bleaching half my hair for coming on 2 years now and it's done an amazing job at keeping that damaged hair strong, soft and healthy. They say to use it in a hot towel or wrapped up, but I just put it in at the start of my shower and rinse it out after 10 mins and it's fine. Their hair oil is also a win from me, honestly all their products have been great so far.

I also love hair masks and have tried a lot of different brands, and none have compared to the results I get from this one. It really is a miracle mask."
Accomplished-Tackle2,romuvn,👋🏼
Botanisosurus_Rex,romuvn,Happy Holidays Wavy hair community! Santa brought me a great hair day!&&&&&&I washed my hair upside down with a mixture of NYM moonstone shampoo and shampoothie coconut curl. I then conditioned upright with herbal essence naturals birch extract and finger combed my hair out. Finished the rest of my shower then rinsed the conditioner out by scrunching it out under running water. I put in a dollop of NYM curl gel by praying hands then scrunching. I micro-plopped with a cotton t-shirt then applied herbal essence totally twisted curl mousse by the same technique and let air dry!
MrGretzky9966,romuvn,Still look good with wavy short hair
caroper2487,romuvn,Fabulous glasses too!
Environmental-Gate75,roifxe,Say it with me: more gel!
GreyDiamond735,roifxe,These are great results for your first wash day!
LoopyDev,roifxe,"You have way better results than I had on my first curly/wavy wash day. 

It took me a year to get to a stage where I get consistently nice results without too much effort, and throughout, I often found myself wondering if my hair really is wavy and if it's worth it to continue with all the fuss. I'm glad I persisted, though, since my hair is now the longest and healthiest it's ever been and I have plenty of volume which I looove. 

We seem to have similar hair, so feel free to check out my posts for recommendations and good luck on your journey!"
hazeloffice,roifxe,I think it looks really pretty!
kingofdoofus,roifxe,my hair looked a lot like this when i started- try a mousse! i didn’t listen to anyone but now i’m just using a lil bit of gel and lots of mousse when it’s super wet and it’s my new go to
superdeeluxe,roifxe,"Often “curl creams” are too heavy for wavy hair as they’re meant for thicker and dryer curly hair types and not finer, more easily weighed down waves.

You have a lot of experimenting ahead of you. This would include possibly a stronger holding gel, using a mousse instead, different application methods (micro plopping, etc.) and diffusing vs. air drying.

Because your hair is color treated you’ll likely want to add in some protein and a bond repair like Olaplex in the mix at some point.


I think your hair looks great though."
tea_and_infamy,roifxe,"First official wash day. Mixed results&&&&&&Thanks! I was just hoping for a bit more volume and definition. hopefully next time!&&&-Washed with sulfate shampoo

-Conditioned with Kevin Murphy moisturizing hair mask (I think this might have been the problem, I think it weighs down my hair)

-detangle with tangle teezer

-rake through Evo liquid rollers

-style with denman brush

-scrunch in giovonni gel

-air dry

It's not awful but I'm not loving the results compared to the test section I did a few days ago. I think the Kevin Murphy is too heavy for my hair and I might have used too much curl cream and I didn't let it dry quite enough (I need to invest in a blow dryer...). 

Trying not to get discouraged, I know it's a journey :/&&&Yeah, I was worried about that (or that the reverse is true and that only my bleached hair will wave/curl 😬). I'm trying to grow out my natural color but it's frustrating. I'm trying to talk myself down from a pixie or short short cut reset.&&&Thank you! I guess I was secretly hoping it would just all work perfectly right away instead of being a progression 😢&&&I'm so afraid of using too much 😂 this was I think a little more than a quarter size amount?&&&I actually tried just mousse the other day and it gave me really polished beachy waves but not enough hold or definition (hair was suuuuuuuper bouncy though). 

What order do you apply them?&&&Thanks for the encouragement! This definitely had me wondering if it's worth the fuss, glad to know it does eventually get easier/quicker. I'll def be clicking through your posts for tips!&&&Ok, I just had a quick look and your hair is gorgeous!!!"
themilkyone,roifxe,"I'm having the same ""weigh down"" issue with my hair. My hairstyle is fine 2b and put a curling cream in my hair after rinsing, and I think that's the issue. I have read that mousse really helps combat that but haven't tested it myself."
wombatilicious,roifxe,I agree. Bleach nixed my waves. I bleached for so long that I only just realized that I have wavy hair - after not bleaching for about a year.
zolamolly,roifxe,you would probably have curly hair if your hair wasn't bleached. I had curly hair and after I bleached my hair it looked exactly like yours. bleaching breaks the disulphide bonds which is what holds your protein structures together and gives your hair it's shape/waviness/curliness.&&&also I've noticed if hair is over moisturized it looses definition. considering your hair is chemically treated and lacking definition I'd try focusing on protein
BananaMartini,rofonh,"Also bleached and wavy. My hair seems to really like protein so I had weirdly good results with Viori solid shampoo and conditioner, I guess due to the rice content. I got frustrated and stopped using it because the shampoo bad eventually broke into too small pieces to use effectively and it’s very expensive but my hair has been worse on everything else I’ve tried. But I still have a half conditioner bar left so may spring for another shampoo and the bamboo holder. I got the garden terrace variety and it smells delightful. Would sometimes supplement with a variety of mask samples I have for extra oomph and so I could add in toning drops."
Bussy-Eater,rofonh,is it sulfate free etc.?
VitalityVixen,rofonh,"Shampoo/conditioner for wavy bleached hair?&&&&&&I used to use boots own brand conditioner and Co wash once a week or every 2 weeks. I recently made the change to blonde a few months ago and my hair is VERY prone to turning yellow (it's meant to be cool toned) so I use loreal series silver Shampoo and conditioner, problem is the day I wash it's soft but super poofy and then it gets dry and Tangley. I used my boots conditioner today but now it's going yellow again.

Any cowash products for dry blonde hair?

No idea on my hair porosity, I would say and I don't have a lot of hair but maybe thicker stands?"
