index,id,comments
DarthPandaSocks,pn6aok,"I’d say so. I think there are just naturally going to be different results from different styling products. When I leave my styling routine at a leave in conditioner I have soft, kind of fluffy waves- kind of a loose 40’s 50’s style. When I use gel, I have more definition and some ringlet curls but my hair certainly feels a bit less soft and a bit more producty. I like both looks and I like how versatile waves can be."
MrsE2010,pn6aok,"Yep. I am struggling with this too. Trying to balance healthy hair with waves/curls that actually hold too. 

Some products hold my curls really nicely but leave my hair feeling really product-y and sometimes dries my hair out. 

Leave in conditioners weigh my hair down but they do make it really soft and shiny. 

I'm playing around with multiple routines and trying to prioritize health over getting my hair as curly/wavy as possible."
RatmiIk,pn6aok,"Could it maybe too much moisture weighing down your waves? Do the products have a lot of silicone? I know sometimes when I use products that are a little more silicone heavy and make my hair super silk soft, it pulls out my wave quite a bit. It doesn’t make my hair straight but like…a lot less wavy. You might also just need a protein treatment like aphogee"
floridameerkat,pn6aok,Having enough protein and moisture in your hair will keep it soft. Innersense has protein. Using only that probably overloaded your hair with it do it felt rough and dry. You’re supposed to use a mixture of protein and non-protein products in your routine to prevent this from happening.
hannrt,pn6aok,"Soft OR Wavy, can we have both?&&&I used to have 2c hair that’s now more like 2b on a good day. Recently I switched products to Davines renewing shampoo + replumping conditioner from previously using innersense for a couple of months. My hair is the softest and healthiest it’s ever felt but as there’s no protein in the products my hair has absolutely no wave (using all of the same styling products). I liked my results with innersense we’re great but my hair never felt soft or smooth. I’m wondering if fine hair just can’t have both softness and defined waves??

Has this happened to anyone else?&&&Protein heavy products seem to dry my hair out like crazy I have yet to find any that leave me balanced! It seems I am always either in moisture overload or protein overload and no in between :(&&&They dont have silicone but they are definitely more moisturizing than the innersense products. I am just so shocked that shampoo and conditioner would make this much of a difference since I am using the same styling products!&&&Thank you! I am going to repurchase the innersense products and try to maintain a rotation. Hopefully this will solve the problem"
lolo_liita,pn6aok,"Yes, I can keep my waves with light weight products and scrunching. Anything with too much moisture weighs my hair down. I’m currently alternating between Giovanni 50:50 s&c and their olive oil s&c. Then I apply their weightless leave in. Leaves my hair very soft and frizz free, and encourages my waves. Out of everything I’ve used, these products have given me the most consistent results. They’re protein free, and the leave in is also glycerin free."
HonestlyRespectful,pn2qi1,Flash drying? Look it up. Swavy Curly Courtney has a video on it.
tivvyl,pn2qi1,"Curlsmith Products&&&So I would love the results of the styling soufflé but it always felt kinda wrong in my hair. When I would style (soaking wet hair, leave in condish, then soufflé) my hair would immediately lose slip. Is that bad?? Has anyone experienced that or recommend any other curlsmith products??&&&That’s definitely it! Thanks."
-germanisette-,pn1l1m,">Not sure if this could be my hair products? 

>I've had an allergic reaction from a skin product (or shampoo, we don't know) that landed me in urgent care

Seems obvious to me that this is a possibility, or what’s your question?"
WeAreStarless,pn1l1m,"patch test your products on your arm. if your eyelids and jawline are reacting to it, your arm probably would too, and then it should be easy to find the culprit"
alexisseffy,pn1l1m,"Rash on my face and idk if it's my hair products or smth else&&&Since yesterday, I noticed my eyelids were a bit puffy and red and rashy, so I put hydrocortisone ointment on them and it went away in a few hours. Just now, I noticed my jawline was rashy so more hydrocortisone ointment. Not sure if this could be my hair products? I recently switched to v05 silicone and sulfate free shampoo, and LA looks extreme hold gel. But idk if this could impact my skin since I only apply it on my hair. Anyone have experiences with their hair products causing a adverse reaction? I've had an allergic reaction from a skin product (or shampoo, we don't know) that landed me in urgent care so I don't want that to happen again&&&I mean it's a possibility... But I'm also taking medication that could cause it but unlikely (should've mentioned that sry) just wondering if others have had adverse reactions to these products&&&I should do that next time. Thank you!"
HeyLeili,pn0y2o,"Both pictures - product free and air dried. Left 3 weeks ago, right - today. Btw, today i started to think maybe I don’t even have wavy hair, so this was surprise for me. I just want to say - DON’T GIVE UP!&&&&&&Washed with noughty “hello waves” and air dry."
GardenAutumn,pmyylu,"My hair is about the same. What has helped me is a LOT of conditioner, leave in conditioner, and gel on sopping wet hair. I use Garnier for Curly for the conditioners and LA Looks gel. Also, Swavy Courtney has great videos about care for wavy hair. Search this sub and you’ll find a lot of tips. Good luck on your journey! 👍"
MsSureFire,pmyylu,"I recently discovered [Sheamoisture Styling Jelly](https://www.sallybeauty.com/hair-care/shop-by-product/hair-styling-products/creams-and-lotions/curling-gel-souffle/SBS-476315.html?utm_source=bing&utm_medium=cpc&utm_campaign=SC%20Shopping%20-%20Brand%20%5EPLA&utm_term=4581183917409954&utm_content=All%20Products&gclsrc=3p.ds). I put just a tad in my hair while wet, and it has cut down my frizz halo down by half, even on days two and three."
jenniferroseannewang,pmyylu,"Reducing Frizz&&&Hi all,

I recently discovered that I have type 2a wavy hair. After a shower I find my hair to be rather dry, poofy, and frizzy. What recommendations do you all have on how to reduce frizz?"
reddmead,pmyylu,"So I'll probably get deeper into this with a post when I'm totally certain of my routine, but I also have 2A hair that I know is coarse and lower porosity. I've found scrunching in just a few drops of beard oil before styler really helps with frizz. I'm honestly so excited about this beard oil I got. It's like I discovered a secret."
bravelilinstantpot,pmym3o,Recommendations for stylist in Chicago?&&&I recently moved to Chicago and am in need of a haircut soon. Does anyone have any recommendations for wavy/curly stylists? I live near Lincoln Park but willing to travel if needed. I always get nervous looking for a new stylist.&&&Thank you!!
catskittenskitties,pmym3o,Penny Lane salon in Logan Square specializes in curly/wavy cuts!
phoenixrose2,pmym3o,Thank you!
Annmaren,pmwrwj,"I already see a big difference, looks great! I’ve been wondering if I should try a deva cut and I think you’ve convinced me!"
Helpful_Slice,pmwrwj,I recommend you stop using Deva Curl right away- they’re facing a class action law suit because of hair [loss](https://www.npr.org/2020/02/15/806366035/devacurl-faces-class-action-lawsuit-alleging-hair-loss).
HonestlyRespectful,pmwrwj,"It doesn't look too much different. I'm glad you like it, though."
Notimeforalice,pmwrwj,Have you looked into deva curl?
Shona3,pmwrwj,It looks lovely!
tangertale,pmwrwj,"Got my first deva cut and I love it!&&&&&&I read about deva curl causing hair loss but this is the only time I used their products and it’s because that’s what the stylist had at hand. I have other products I use at home&&&Really? I see a clear difference between the straight cut and the layered cut, as well as additional volume on the scalp&&&The routine that the stylist used:
- Volu shampoo
- Their own conditioner mix
- Deva Curl Volumizing Foam
- Deva Curl Gel
Then she clipped my hair up near the scalp & dried under a professional dryer&&&I read about deva curl causing hair loss but this is the only time I used their products and it’s because that’s what the stylist had at hand. I have other products I use at home"
SprinkledDonut88,pmwh7k,"I think if you cut at least a few inches off and add some layers it will look great. It will give your hair a little more volume so it's not so flat, and it might even help your waves come out more."
yumyumtempehtantrum,pmwh7k,Should I cut my hair?&&&
Ayirki,pmwg0f,How to take care of bangs ?&&&I have 2a type hair and recently got curtain bangs. Also I'm trying to fix my waves. Any tips or routines that I can follow ?
AmazingAmeliaa,pmw81a,What's your routine after you shampoo and condition?
squibble_squabble,pmw81a,"need some general advice&&&&&&so my hair is pretty damp here, I have problems holding and pattern integrity past being wet and honestly idk what to do about it"
Automatic_Net_5107,pmv3kp,Your hair is GORGEOUS 😍
HonestlyRespectful,pmv3kp,"I think those are called kinks. I'm 2c/3a (caucasian, not that I think that really matters), too, and was someone who thought I had weird frizzy straight hair... until I went to a hairdresser who told me that some of my hair was kinky. She was African American, so I asked her what she meant, as I truly didn't understand. She said kinky hair has weird bends to it, basically. They aren't waves, curls or spirals, they kind of bend back on themselves, like a kink in a wire or hose, for example. Hope this makes sense."
ImpressiveExchange9,pmv3kp,"Same. If my hair looked like this, sure! But it doesn’t lol. It looks like a pile of frizz."
Red_cat_nap,pmv3kp,This is refreshing! What a great hair day for you and your trip looks so fun
SavannahInChicago,pmv3kp,Hope you had fun in Chicago!!
_hailelujah,pmv3kp,"Sometimes letting go and hotel shampoo (gasp!) is ok too!&&&&&&Thank you! And that makes sense. I'm sure your hair is beautiful 😊 

I actually have a lot of zig-zaggy/random squiggle hairs in my under layer too! I never found the right word for them or any internet pics that looked the same 😅 but I actually have an undercut under all this hair, which buzzed most of those ones off. I lost some overall curl, but it's much less likely to get tangled now, so I can get away more non-cgm cheats&&&My usual routine: 
-Johnson&Johnson baby curl care shampoo 
-Pantene curl nourishing conditioner (as both conditioner and leave-in) 
-(sometimes) blueberry Bliss curl control jelly (I only use this when I have time to diffuse, otherwise I go product-less as my hair tangles much quicker with gels)
-plop then air dry 

My travel routine: 
As little time in the bathroom as possible!! (Hotel shampoo and conditioner, towel dry, pray to the gods ❤️)"
bionicmoonbeam,pmv3kp,"Your hair is gorgeous and you are stunning! I wish I could use hotel shampoo, but my hair is 2c (but instead of waves, I have weird tight zig-zags that I don’t see often on other people) and the sulfates make my hair look like I stuck my finger in a socket lol."
crha26,pmv3kp,This was needed! Thank you 💛
jackaroo1344,pmv3kp,"Wow, is that your natural hair color?  That is such a pretty deep red!"
nemesiswithatophat,pmv3kp,"Blasphemy! How dare you use the forbidden sulphates&&&This is sarcasm, in case that wasn't clear lol"
owntheh3at18,pmv3kp,Princess Ariel!
scummy_shower_stall,pmv3kp,I love everything in your first pic!  But please tell me where this was taken? It just fascinates me!
throwmywholeassaway,pmv3kp,you’re so pretty. like marvel lead female actress pretty.
Cucalope,pmtbaq,It is your lovely hair with a wave pattern. It looks very nice.
RoyKeanesTherapist,pmtbaq,I believe it is some kind of human hair on an adult female
Stubbs76,pmtbaq,Looks like 2a wave
doveinabottle,pmtbaq,LOL
floridameerkat,pmtbaq,I don't understand the question. Are you asking what type of wave you have?
swagatronmate,pmtbaq,anybody know what this is? it’s just air dried with only shampoo and conditioner&&&&&&yes sorry english isn’t my first language
Bulky-Mango-6677,pmqo2h,"Difference in NYM shampoos and other recommendations for fine wavy hair?&&&I've been looking for a new shampoo for months now and can't find one that's not too drying. I don't live in the U.S. so a lot of the recommendations on this sub just aren't available but recently I found a store that offers Not Your Mother's but I can't pick between the pink and dark blue bottle. The sea kale is supposed to be the lightest of the two but I've seen some reviews saying it was too dry. Anyone's guess on which would suit me the best?

Some info:
I have 2b-3a waves which are very easily dried out but since it's also very, very fine I can't handle any weight whatsoever. So no shea butter, coconut oil etc. Also no silicones.
After trying a million options I finally found a HG conditioner, the Ouai conditioner for fine hair, but their shampoo was way too dry and I lost all semblance of having curls. I don't want to change conditioners because it took me 2 years to find one that's not heavy.
I've tried most, if not all drugstore shampoo options at this point. I've tried a few options from Bumble and Bumble, and I've tried Aveda's Rosemary Mint, Invati and Scalp Benefits which are supposed to be their mildest options. But after the first inches of my roots everything is just quite dry (ftr I only put shampoo at my roots) and I lose definition, so it's just a frizzy mess. That's also with a leave in-conditioner btw.
I've tried cowashing (Matrix) which gave me pretty good results for the ends but the roots were immediately way too greasy.

So any help would be greatly appreciated!"
doveinabottle,pmqo2h,"Aveda’s Rosemary Mint is clarifying and strong. You could try the Be Curly line by Aveda - my hair is the same as yours (fine, 2A-2C, can be dry) and my hair loves it."
pjj165,pmqo2h,"I really like the NYM matcha green tea shampoo in the green bottle, it’s like right in the middle of the line for the moisture level for all their products. It’s a good place to start and then move in either direction if you decide you want something lighter or heavier. For reference, here are all their products organized from lightest to heaviest 

https://www.instagram.com/p/CLCjOIaFOZs/?utm_medium=copy_link"
tabbycat,pmqo2h,"I have wavy hair and use the pink NYM. My hair ranges from fine to course and it works great! The shampoo feels really nice, not drying at all. 

I do a stripping wash every now and then bc it can build up a bit after a while. I’d say every 3-4 washes for me but YMMV. I use plain v05 for that and haven’t had a problem."
BoxOfChandeliers,pmpmiw,"it's absolutely pretty! you have lovely hair! certainly you're a 2-something, it's not very curly so probably just 2a or 2b. i hope you can come to like your waves!"
CharacterNo2948,pmpmiw,"The back/underneath looks curly! The front/top is probably more damaged and if you pull it back in a ponytail often it's stretched out then. If you want to give cgm or a modified version of cgm a go you could definitely see some improvements I think. Worst case scenario you just get really healthy hair.

I'd start really basic and just focus on a technique or two to start out. It's really easy to get overwhelmed if you jump into all the ins and outs etc."
cricket_1221,pmpmiw,Yes! It definitely looks like you have some beautiful natural waves in there! 🙌 Have you tried using any styling products? Perhaps try a curl cream to encourage curl formation (I like Not Your Mother’s Curl Talk Curl Cream) and then a gel (I like Not Your Mother’s Curl Talk Gel) to seal and hold it all in. You may need to experiment with different products and techniques as you find what works best for your hair. And look at some before/after pictures on here. It’s so encouraging to see other people’s progress in their wavy hair journey!
ishii3,pmpmiw,"My hair with no product, plopped and air dried. Idk what to do or if this is considered wavy. Maybe 1c? It has a mind of its own. Is there hope for me to have pretty waves? 🥲&&&&&&My routine: I use sulfate free shampoo and conditioner. For these pics I brushed only in the shower. Scrunched and plopped for ~20min then diffused until 50% dry. After that air dried while I took my dog to the park, took the pics after coming home a few hours later. Normally I blow dry my hair 50%, never fully. And brush afterward, but decided to try this way to see how my hair would react. My hair usually has some frizz and poof. Front is always straighter than the rest 🥲

Not sure what my hair type is since I recently learned about CGM, but wondering if it would be good for my hair? I live in Japan and my hairstylist said I have some natural waves but 🤷🏻‍♀️&&&Thank you! For waves, I’ve only ever tried a mousse/foam I found here once. It made my hair kind of sticky and didn’t hold through the day though. Other than that, nope. I think I’ll try gel next. Or a combination? They only sell a couple kinds of gel at my local store, hard and super hold, so I’ll experiment.&&&I didn’t know a ponytail could do that! I sleep with my hair in a ponytail/bun a lot, and pull my hair on my no-wash days (I wash every other day). 

I would be extremely happy with that worst case scenario! I was thinking about dyeing or bleaching my hair for my friend’s upcoming wedding, but I don’t think I should risk damaging it even more than it is haha.&&&Thank you for the heads up! I’ll look into a deep conditioner and se did that helps. Why do hair patterns have to have minds of their own lol.&&&Thank you! I hope so, too. Gotta get it healthy first haha"
lostinlactation,pmpmiw,"I’m in Japan too, the humidity here is ROUGH.

My hair looks very similar to yours. Kinky in the back and almost straight in the front. I just ordered a bunch of hair products on iHerb to try and bring out my waves, so I guess we’ll be embarking on our CG adventure at the same time. 

I made a gelatin/acv wash on my hair the other day while I wait for my hair products to arrive and it really did wonders.

Good luck. If you come across and good Japanese products do share!"
mencryforme5,pmpmiw,"The front looks more 1C, but the back is def at least 2A. It's normal to have different hair patterns, for instance I have 2B front and 1C-2A back. So this could be your hair pattern. 

However, it does seem as if all your straighter bits coincide with a balayage/ombre. So if it's damage that's straightening it out, you can look into deep conditioner/protein treatments.

Give CGM a try but I'll be straight with you: it kind of sucks and won't make your hair healthier. It's very time consuming and expensive. You might be a unicorn for whom it works really well, but you may find yourself with scalp health issues, flat hair, straighter hair. If that's the case don't just do sunken cost fallacy. Just try to find products that work for you without worrying about rules. Plenty of wavies brush out their hair because they prefer the softer look and it won't ""destroy"" your wave pattern."
HonestlyRespectful,pmj7ap,"Yes, I agree. You need a mousse or gel to hold your curls. Then we'll know more about where your type is at to this point. With care, you can get curlier, or not. Hormones can also cause changes. Curl type isn't important. Porosity and technique are the main things. And possibly density and hair stand thickness."
Mah_Rod,pmj7ap,"What is my hair type (2a, etc)? I can't figure it out. These pictures were taken hours apart; waves won't hold, plus there's always so much frizz. My only routine is shampoo and a basic conditioner for wavy hair.&&&"
Routine_Charity_5760,pmj7ap,Your hair looks like mine used to before I started taking care of it and mine is 2c/3a. Try scrunching in a lightweight curl enhancing product and/or a mousse on wet hair and see if that helps. Don't brush it dry either it'll only enhance the frizz
Screambloodygore87,pmj7ap,I would try to get an argan oil conditioner and shampoo. I had the same problem. I would also try layers. It seemed to make my hair less frizzy
gardenvarietymagpie,pmj7ap,I’ve just started using Matrix Curl Please Frizz Ease curl gel and it’s very lightweight and working well for my frizz!
Mufinmoma,pmiu21,"Visiting my grandma and did her hair, I had no clue her hair was wavy like mine because she always straightens it!&&&&&&My daughter and I are visiting from out of town and I asked if my grandma wanted me to do her hair. I French braided it out of her face and was scrunching in some leave in (blueberry bliss) and realized her hair is wavy like mine! She always brushes it until it’s dry so it’s straight but I scrunched in some gel (Aussie instant freeze) and some mousse (herbal essences) then differed until it was about 70% dry. Not a perfect job but she looks lovely. And I adore the way her hair looks highlighted. It blew her away how it sprung up and she loved it. This will be a moment I’ll cherish for the rest of my life :)

I’m not sure what shampoo/conditioner she uses but I think it’s herbal essence bio renew."
BooknerdE,pmgksx,Cute and sassy!
Erzulie_Dantor,pmgksx,You look great!
Jolly_Figure_3819,pmgksx,Cute cute!!
Kiwikid14,pmgksx,I love it. I'm assuming that's your natural color and it is gorgeous!
Marshmallowboats,pmgksx,It looks so cute and bouncy! You rlly suit it
MrGretzky9966,pmgksx,Suits you beautifully and your glowing too. I never go long again. #shorthair4life&&&Looks gorgeous and it suits you beautifully
Sir3Kpet,pmgksx,You look even prettier with the short bob.  It shows off your beautiful eyes and cheekbones more!
SleepyBri24,pmgksx,"Update: I chopped my hair off!&&&&&&My routine is:

Upside down:

1.	⁠Shampoo with Denorex and use maxsoft brush to loosen plaques on scalp.
2.	⁠Apply Aussie Miracle Curls leave-in, S2C
3.	⁠Comb hair
4.	⁠Use Aquis wrap to partially dry hair
5.	⁠S2C 2 palmfuls of instant freeze gel
6.	⁠Part hair and let dry down.
7.	⁠Once hair is fully dry, break cast.&&&Yes, I’ve never dyed my hair. In the summer it gets sun streaks and in the winter becomes a flat mousey blonde/brown."
Snoo-10032,pmgksx,It really suits you. So cute!
bitfairytale17,pmgksx,It’s so good!!!!!!
gynanyg,pmgksx,Very elegant! I love it
littlebombshell,pmgksx,"This looks incredible! You’re beautiful, and that cut really suits you"
mrsredfast,pmgksx,Looks great. I always feel fresh and sassy when I go that short. Enjoy it!
nervestajane,pmgksx,Super cute!
roundy_yums,pmgksx,"Oh, you look great! That’s awesome!"
wutwutsugabutt,pmgksx,"Super, duper cuteness!! I love it!"
NeinPothos,pmasl6,"I rub a walnut-sized amount of gel in my wet hands, which does the trick for me."
alexisseffy,pmasl6,"Diluting gel with water for fine hair? What ratio of gel: water?&&&I have fine hair, but a lot of it. I notice that when I scrunch with gel (LA looks extreme hold) it's too heavy and my waves stretch out and feel gross and sticky. But when I dilute it with water, I get more waves and it doesn't feel nasty. I don't know the ratio of gel to water though, like 2 tbsp gel: 1 tbsp water? Idk. I'd I use too much water and not enough gel my waves aren't very defined, but too much gel and not enough water my hair feels really heavy. I've heard of other fine haired people on this sub diluting their gel, and I'm looking for advice on what ratio works for you. Thanks :)&&&I've been considering mousse! Might get some in a few wks. Just trying to use up the gel since I bought a huge tube of it. At first I thought I needed MORE gel to get definition but I feel like I really need light products for my fine hair. Thx for the recommendation :)&&&That's a good idea! I think I use too much water and I need to mix it and let it sit a little. Ty :)"
ants-in-my-plants,pmasl6,"I haven’t tried it yet myself, but you might want to look into using the bowl method. You can find YouTube videos about it, but basically you scrunch your products into soaking wet hair over a bowl and keep dipping into the diluted-product-y water. May be worth a shot."
awcurlz,pmasl6,"Well this will be hard to replicate because it is far from exact, but I coat my hands in the la looks gel and then kind of just wet my hands with a little splash of water or two and rub hands together until it feels less sticky and more smooth. You'll have to just play around with it some to find the right ratio for you."
blckrainbow,pmasl6,"Could try a mousse instead, it's way easier to distribute and less chance to add too much/too little! When I used to apply gel, I'd apply it to almost dripping wet hair, but yeah it was pretty difficult to get the amount right - I'd usually apply too much and end up with crunchy, dry hair even after scrunching it out."
kyondayo,pmasl6,"Same. I mis a little styling cream in mine. ‘Tis all done in the shower. But same, use too much or little = bad."
misitic999,pmasl6,"When I dilute Eco stlye I do about 50/50 but it's a much heavier gel, honestly you'll probably have to test different ratios.

I find it easier to keep a small bowl in the bathroom and just mix with my fingers, eco style does better if it can sit a few minutes after stirring in water to thoroughly absorb the water."
HonestlyRespectful,pmampo,"I love silicones. My hair is just as curly with them, if not moreso."
mks93,pmampo,"Sometimes I do use silicones, and yes my results are usually great when I do 😅&&&&&&2b, low density, fine, medium porosity 

Washed with Cantu Cowash and conditioner with V05 strawberries and cream 

Styled with blueberry bliss leave in, herbal essences totally twisted mousse and gel. Defined front and bottom pieces with a 7 row denman-like brush. Air dried and scrunched."
mrsjllanes,pmampo,"I am also a silicone fan. I fell way off the cgm bus 😉
 Your hair looks great!"
roundy_yums,pmampo,Can’t argue with results like that! You look awesome!
