index,id,comments
Masters_pet_411,pw51wh,"I gather mine in a scrunchie to protect my root volume, then wrap leggings around my head 😂. They stay put better than a silk scarf"
MrsE2010,pw51wh,Medusa clipped and a satin pillowcase
Ok-Attempt8183,pw51wh,"How do you put your hair up to sleep?&&&in a bun? wrapped in a pillowcase, t-shirt or cap? silk or cotton? plopped or loose?"
Yoga_Tea_Dogs,pw51wh,"I do a loose pineapple with an invisibobble. I find sleeping stretches my waves out no matter what method I use. Bonnets and silk scrunchies never stay on all night. Since my waves are gonna stretch no matter what and I prefer my hair up at night, I started using the invisibobbles. I also sleep on a silk pillowcase (silk not satin. I hated satin)."
awcurlz,pw51wh,"I generally do nothing because nothing seems to help. Sometimes I plop in a silk scarf and sometimes I try a silk pillowcase 

My hair is very fine and gets misshapen very easily. Scrunchies, pineapple, bun, and even just laying on my hair all makes the curl loosen and frizz. 🤷‍♀️"
bucketofardvarks,pw51wh,Mine is above my shoulders now so I just sleep on it and assess the damage in the morning
sundrop_flower,pw51wh,"i keep mine pretty loose personally, with a scrunchie so there's not a dent in my hair in the morning. tie it at the nape of my neck&&&i also sleep with a silk pillowcase!"
fckinglies,pw3012,"Dressing up and wavy/curly hair.&&&Am I de only one who LOVES dressing up and having her hair all wavy and big and beautiful? 
I used to straighten my hair every wash day, I felt polished and it was easier for me to manage (as I didn't knew how to take care of it). But now I wear in its full potential. 
The other day I had to dress up (unusual in me) and once I diffused my hair, with my outfit already on, I felt so badass. It's almost like a straight hair is what everyone expects when dressing formal... But I think the ""contrast"" we are (sadly) not use to of dressing up and big hair is such a look! 
They even sent me photos of that day and not only did I felt confident but also I radiate it. 

Much love guys, and always love who you are."
nitogenesis,pw2u75,"Product feedback recommendations for 2b frizzy hair&&&Hi! I have been doing some research to find my routine and I have a lot of doubts I would like to receive some feedback about...

So, I have wavy, medium thickness, medium density hair. Not sure about porosity, as the glass and Water spray tests show low porosity but I have been ironing with heat my hair almost daily during 10 years and it gets frizzy even in dry weather (with humidity it's just untreatable) so I'm still pretty sure it is high porosity...
I also have seb derm so I'm following a modified cgm as I need to clarify a bit more often 😅

I'm looking for a routine moisture-protein balanced and I also want to avoid glycerin and humectants (if possible) cause I've read some hair react to It and gets frizzy, I don't know if that's my cases but I'm trying to avoid these just in case.

My actual routine is:
 - Wash with rituals ayurveda shampoo every 3 days, condition with LOVE Curls + valquer Curls leave In + cantú Custard

 - Clarify once a week with Neutrogena clarifying shampoo + ketoconazol shampoo (for seb derm) + Maui Moisture moisturizing mask + cantú Custard

(I've tried devacurl mousse for styling but it definetely doesn't have enough hold and I get some frizzy non-defined waves when I use it.)

After doing some research I think I'm going to test these but have you got any feedback or better alternatives for my type of hair? I'm also looking for some protein / Moisture Deep Treatments to use occasionally when needed.

1. Shampoo - Giovanni 2chic FRIZZ BE GONE SHAMPOO

Aqua (Purified Water), Decyl Glucoside, Lauryl Glucoside, Sodium Lauroyl Glutamate, Sodium Cocoyl Glutamate, Butyrospermum Parkii (Shea) Butter Extract, Prunus Amygdalus Dulcis (Sweet Almond) Oil, *Macadamia Ternifolia Seed Oil, *Argania Spinosa Kernel Oil, *Adansonia Digitata (Baobab) Seed Oil, *Moringa Oleifera Seed Oil, *Simmondsia Chinensis (Jojoba) Seed Oil, *Cocos Nucifera (Coconut) Oil, Fragrance, Glycol Distearate, Hydroxyethylcellulose, Polysorbate 20, Citric Acid, Phenoxyethanol, Ethylhexylglycerin

2. Conditioner - Jessicurl Island Fantasy Too Shea Extra Moisture Conditioner

Aqua (Water), Cetearyl Alcohol, Butyrospermum Parkii (Shea Butter), Simmondsia Chinensis (Jojoba) Seed Oil, Persea Gratissima (Avocado) Oil, Behentrimonium Methosulfate, Aloe Barbadensis (Aloe Vera) Leaf Juice Powder, Lecithin, Hydrolyzed Oat Flour, Equisetum Arvense (Horsetail) Extract, Mentha Piperita (Peppermint) Leaf Extract, Rosmarinus Officinalis (Rosemary) Flower/Leaf/Stem Extract, Laurus Nobilis (Bay Laurel) Leaf Extract, Ocimum Basilicum (Basil) Leaf Extract, Urtica Dioica (Nettle) Leaf Extract, Arctium Lappa (Burdock) Root Extract, Althea Officinalis (Marshmallow) Root Extract, Origanum Vulgare (Oregano) Leaf Extract, Cymbopogon Flexuosus (Lemongrass) Extract, Thymus Vulgaris (Thyme) Leaf Extract, Salvia Officinalis (Sage) Leaf Extract, Cinnamal, Citral, Eugenol, Geraniol, Citronellol, Limonene, Linalool, Benzoic Acid, Dehydroacetic Acid, Phenoxyethanol

3. Leave In - Kinky Curly Knot Today Natural Leave-In Detangler

ORGANIC MANGO FRUIT EXTRACT, ORGANIC SLIPPERY ELM, ORGANIC MARSHMALLOW ROOT, ORGANIC LEMONGRASS, CETYL ALCOHOL, BEHENTRIMONIUM METHOSULFATE, CITRIC ACID, PHENOXYETHANOL AND NATURAL FRAGRANCE.

4. Gel - Giovanni LA Hold Gel

Aqua (Purified Water), VP/VA Copolymer, Hydroxyethylcellulose , Tocopherol (Vitamin E), Citric Acid, Phenoxyethanol, Citrus Grandis (Grapefruit) Seed Extract, Fragrance, *Aloe Barbadensis (Aloe Vera) Leaf Juice, *Helianthus Annuus (Sunflower) Seed Oil, *Glycine Soja (Soybean) Seed Extract, *Betula Alba Extract, *Malva Sylvestris (Mallow) Extract, *Achillea Millefolium Extract, *Chamomilla Recutita (Matricaria) Flower Extract, *Equisetum Arvense Extract, *Lavandula Angustifolia (Lavender) Extract, *Rosmarinus Officinalis (Rosemary) Leaf Extract, *Salvia Sclarea (Clary) Extract, *Thymus Vulgaris (Thyme) Extract, *Tussilago Farfara (Coltsfoot) Flower Extract, *Urtica Dioica (Nettle) Extract


5. Oil - Curls Blueberry Bliss Hair Growth Oil

CERTIFIED ORGANIC SOYBEAN OIL, CERTIFIED ORGANIC SUNFLOWER SEED OIL, CASTOR SEED OIL, CERTIFIED ORGANIC BLUEBERRY SEED OIL, CERTIFIED ORGANIC OLIVE FRUIT OIL, CERTIFIED ORGANIC POMEGRANATE SEED OIL, CERTIFIED ORGANIC COCONUT OIL, CERTIFIED ORGANIC GARDENIA FLOWER, CERTIFIED ORGANIC SHEA BUTTER, CERTIFIED ORGANIC JOJOBA SEED OIL, CERTIFIED ORGANIC ARGAN OIL, AVOCADO OIL, CERTIFIED ORGANIC GRAPE SEED OIL, TOCOPHERYL ACETATE, TOCOPHEROL, FRAGRANCE

Thank youuuuuu!!!"
Eccentric_Tango,pw2tty,"Co wash is less stripping than any shampoo, and the itchy one is quite nice and refreshing. Shouldn’t cause any damage but depending on your hair type, it may not be cleansing enough… ex. If you’ve been exclusively co-washing for a while and are now itchy, it could be due to build up rather than scalp issues.

Zinc in hair products is relatively safe to my knowledge - look at how popular head and shoulders is. I’ve also never heard of zinc causing lightening or flattening"
WeAreStarless,pw2tty,"i've never tried the cowash, but i adooooore the shampoo! i don't find it to be stripping at all, nor does it flatten, lighten or damage my hair. it's just really helped clear up my dry and flaky scalp"
nettiemaria7,pw2tty,"Does As I Am Dry Itchy cowash make hair flatter or damage in any way&&&Hello.  On my road to hair wellness the itchy scalp from contact Derm is still here post 2 weeks.  Just wondering if this cowash (love cowashing) will flatten hair or cause lightening or damage (zinc).  

Also eyeing shampoo ...but heard its stripping and have high porosity.  Thanks so much.&&&Aww you guys are awesome.  Thank you.  I wash where needed.  Nope definitely not build up.  My whole scalp was completely stripped."
Longjumping-Size-762,pw16n3,"Girl it’s probably a little due to coloring, after my balayage I have the same texture. Your waves are pretty, they just need a little definition. The first pic you can really see all that wavy goodness. I had a good experience using Shea pomade."
WeAreStarless,pw16n3,what is your routine?
sushilovingrhino,pw16n3,"Help with waves?&&&&&&Thanks! I’ll give that a shot!&&&I don’t really have a routine. I just use Olaplex No.4 Bond Maintenance Shampoo.

I really know nothing about waves!"
COTAnerd,pvzoe3,"Wow, it's glorious!"
JosieP13,pvzoe3,"Best hair day so far ☺️&&&&&&I never had shiny hair, so this is really exciting 😄&&&Thank you so much!! I’m still trying to figure out what my hair likes, so I don’t have a set routine yet, but lately it’s been: Shea Moisture Miracle Multi Benefit Shampoo and Conditioner, Kinky-Curly Knot Today Leave-In, plop with a microfiber towel for 15 mins, Cake The Curl Whip Mousse, diffuse on medium heat, and then scrunching out the crunch. I’ve been clarifying and deep conditioning twice a month. 😊&&&Today’s Routine:
-Washed with Suave Daily Clarifying Shampoo
-Deep conditioned with Garnier Fructis Smoothing 1 Minute Mask w/ Avocado, squish to condish
-Applied the Kinky-Curly Knot Today Natural Leave-In and distrituted it with my Denman brush, squish to condish
-Plopped for 15 mins
-Glazed and scrunched in Cake The Curl Whip Mousse
-Diffused on medium heat for ~25 minutes
-Finished by air drying and scrunching out the crunch"
Ok-Attempt8183,pvzoe3,Beautiful!
goggles-for-safety,pvzoe3,Wow it’s so shiny! :D
hotrobot11,pvzoe3,"I would love to know your routine, because your hair is gorgeous!!"
mdimaline,pvzoe3,Lovely
Feelsliketeenspirit,pvwpst,What's sillier is I used to get my hair permed straight... And then at some point I really wanted waves so I got a wavy perm... And it literally looks like what my natural texture is now (though with a perm it was less frizzy and more evenly distributed)
Jeschalen,pvwpst,"Its like skincare - we analyze ourselves and nitpick every single flaw or imperfection in the mirror, when most people passing us by on the street wouldn't notice. I think frizz is one of the main culprits in the haircare world."
Scipio0404,pvwpst,same
Wavyhaircare,pvwpst,"Very true! I think it's a combination of us just being more critical than we should be to ourselves, but also us paying too much attention to our hair. We nitpick every little detail, while others are more likely to just take in the overall look. So we see every teeny tiny piece of frizz that nobody else will ever notice, and things like that."
anotheroneyo,pvwpst,"Yes! When I'm getting frustrated with my hair I just think of all the years my hair was referred to as a ""lion's mane"" and suddenly I'm not as worried lol"
bucketofardvarks,pvwpst,"A reminder our standards are higher than those around us&&&I went out last night with natural styled waves (I have a few ringlets in the front and waves in the back) and I wasn't really feeling it tbh. In the bathroom all I could see was a head of frizz, and one of my friends had her hair done that day cut to a similar length with hairdresser heat curls/waves completely perfect. 


But then I was at the bar and someone asked how I style my hair, not realizing this was my natural hair texture! She thought it was curled and asked if I could teach her how to do it herself! And later my hair was referenced as the desired thing. I still saw the frizzy mess when I went to the bathroom again, but I realized that I have high standards for my hair that others aren't necessarily looking for. 


A mediocre hair day to you might well mean you're looking GREAT, and don't forget it"
justukyte,pvwpst,"I've literally seen several natural texture curlies and wavies. I saw one with exact same frizz type as mine, and their hair looked spectacular despite the crown frizz and overall dryness. Not too crunchy or stringy, just bouncy and coily. But then again, there is no single person without frizz. Those who don't have it mask it with strong hold products."
mayqween,pvwpst,"That's such a good perspective to have! 

I struggle with being overly self-critical, and I'm in the early stages of my wavy hair journey. I'll definitely have to remember this. Thank you for sharing!"
pixiepeanut,pvwpst,"Agreed. I went out on Friday night and it was super humid all day, I had what I considered to be a huge frizz halo! I was not feeling my best.

The people I was out with could not believe my hair was natural and were so complimentary I was surprised. We are always our own worst enemy when it comes to appearance."
pizzabagelblastoff,pvwpst,"Yeah I'm always surprised how many straight haired people think I style my hair, etc. When all I do is wash it (albeit using the curly girl method) and then let it dry natural, or sometimes braid it. I rarely use heat or products to actually get it to curl."
weird_question_mark,pvwpst,"How funny is it that nearly all my life I was suffering to make my hair straight, whereas at the same time there are people who want to turn their straight hair wavy. At the end of the day, we all have to be content with our natural texture, cause it won't change lol."
hazelnuthoe,pvw279,Your hair looks almost exactly like mine and I’m 1c and fine too. I just bought Verb volumizing conditioner and it’s amazing. Gives me lift and body. I’ve also been using Bondi Boost Procapil and I don’t know if it helps with hair loss (I have loss but I’m using Minoxidil for it) but it gives my roots tons of volume. Doesn’t look like you need a trim imo. If you want to bring out waves try mousse.
inthebuffbuff,pvw279,I just got the Curlsmith Bouncy Strength Volume Foam and it's amazing. It's much more lightweight than mousse and gives so much more body. My hair HATES mousse and just goes stringy and gross but this stuff was perfect.
ladykiller1020,pvw279,"Can anyone help me figure out what kind of hair I have? It's suuuper thin but also wavy and kinda curly at the ends?&&&&&&Will mousse make it crunchy? I can't stand that wet look that some have given my hair. Maybe I'm putting too much? Do you recommend putting it on wet or dry hair? 

I'll look into those products. I only buy cruelty free so it's made it a bit tough to find good hair products just because they're not the super common brands. I should probably ask this on r/veganbeauty too&&&I'm just now starting to embrace my hair after keeping it super short for a long time. I shampoo about 2-3x a week with an anti thinning shampoo and have just now started only conditioning my ends and combing through with a wide toothed comb. I try not to brush it at all otherwise but is this even the right method for my hair? I occasionally will use sea salt sprays for some extra volume and definition but my hair gets so oily that I try not to use product too often to avoid buildup. I haven't had a haircut since January. Should I get get trim?"
t41ss4,pvw279,1c
LoveIsTrying,pvnaqg,"So, my hair is also “fine, but a lot of it”. Because it’s fine, any type of cream/oil/butter just makes it look greasy and stringy. Personally I’ve had most success with a gel. I apply it on wet hair, as a previous comment said. I shampoo, condition, rinse out completely. Then brush through with a wet brush. Apply gel with praying hands (still experimenting with upside down or right side up), scrunch a little, flip right side up if I was upside down, then microplop with a T shirt. Air dry completely, then scrunch out the crunch. 

I tried leave in conditioner and mousse before, but both of these were too greasy for my hair."
WeAreStarless,pvnaqg,"have you tried applying styling products on wet rather than damp / patted dry hair? you have to get ahead of the frizz, because once it's there, you can't take it away anymore"
jarvisismycopilot,pvnaqg,"My hair starts to frizz the moment I step out of the shower. Need help, more info in the comments!&&&&&&I have gel sitting around from when I tried the curly method, but I never tried it on really wet hair. I'll give this a shot! I'd try anything at this point, really.&&&Wow, thanks! You pretty much got it, my hair is drier than the Sahara. It's been a fine balance of 'use moisturizing hair products but not too much'. I've not tried styling my hair without at least patting it with a towel first. 

I'll have to give this a shot. God knows I have enough gels and mousses sitting around that I tried and failed with that I could try with a new method.&&&This is my hair that's been washed, patted dry, a little curl mousse, scrunched, and left to air dry. 

But I am really not kidding in the title- by the time I start to put in the curl mousse on damp hair, my hair is already starting to frizz. My usual stylist says I have thin hair but I have a lot of it, and even though she can tame the frizz, I obviously can't replicate the stylist method and battery of products in day to day. I tried the curly hair method, and it made me look like a wet frizzy poodle instead of a dry frizzy poodle. 

I'm pretty sure my scalp psoriasis just destroys my attempts at non frizzy hair. Or something. Without any product it's a zero definition ball of frizz. I had it in a pixie cut or mohawk for ten years, and now that I've grown it out down to my shoulders, I'm beginning to remember why I chopped it all off in the first place. 

My routine right now is shampoo and conditioner every 2-3 days, and a ponytail. I gave up for a while there. I'm going on a trip in a week, and I was planning to go to a new salon right before, but I don't even know what to ask for- 'hi, my hair is literally hot garbage, just do whatever you want because I'm out of ideas' is pretty much my first thought. Have the feeling the stylist wouldn't be fond of that approach, though. 

So, I mean, I'm kind of torn on what to even ask. The light products do little to tame the frizz, as seen in photo. The heavy products just make my hair look wet and gross. I know that I don't have the patience for a long and complicated hair routine. Is there any hope, or should I just straighten it and have emergency ponytail holders at the ready?"
leeggoeggo,pvnaqg,"Does your hair feel dry as well as frizzy?

For me managing dry frizz is all about managing wet frizz. I continue adding moisture to my hair when it is wet until I no longer have webbing or wet frizz. Only then do I get out of the shower and style. 

Techniques that are helping with this are squish to condish and the bowl method. There are tutorials on YouTube. I also do not plop, only micro-plop, and use the LOG method (leave in, oil, gel). I also do smasters when I am about 80% dry with a tiny bit of curl cream applied with wet hands via praying hands technique. 

[here is a great video about wet frizz and webbing ](https://youtu.be/JX594pnjUsI)

I have fine hair with a lot of it, and I have to
Keep my hair SOAKING WET UNTIL IT IS FULLY STYLED, otherwise it is frizzed out. So when I am out of the shower and applying products I am using a spray bottle to keep putting water back into my hair. 

Also try a denman brush to help curl clumps
Form? 

The routine will feel like a lot at first while you are experimenting but as you get used to it, it will streamline and feel faster."
MsSureFire,pvi0cv,Beautiful!
dreadlocktocon,pvi0cv,Ohh very pretty !
oatbevbran,pvi0cv,Results of my 1st time with gel&&&&&&2a/2b…I’m a newbie. Still getting used to the feeling of not shampooing every other day. I posted earlier about adding gel for the first time and having it feel very dry very quickly. I think I salvaged it with curl cream. Not sure of my porosity yet. You can see I battle frizz. Used a Denman brush to style…vertical sections. I think I might need smaller sections? The curls and waves turned out kinda random.  Is this feeling of being totally clueless about ones own hair common at the beginning of the journey?  I don’t even know me!!&&&OMG you are too kind….I feel like a goober! 🤪
Astrophobica,pveyyx,"Your hair looks so pretty!

And it has so much more shine now!"
Lady_Lethargy,pveyyx,"Got a haircut and ditched the shampoo&&&&&&My hair was clarified on Thursday. I washed it with Renpure cleansing conditioner yesterday including scrubbing my scalp. Today I only conditioned the lengths of it. I used to use clarifying shampoo daily, so not washing it is new to me and I’m loving the results already! My hair is so much softer and bouncier!&&&Thank you!&&&Thank you!&&&My trying to establish a routine, but what I did today is condition the lengths and use a wet brush to get all the tangles out. I don’t think this was necessary, but I’m used to be hair always being tangly. I used a lot of Renpure conditioner for this. I microplopped with a t-shirt, applied LA Look gel, but I think not enough. Then I scrunched a lot, plopped for about five minutes, then attempted to diffuse. I’m new to drying/diffusing my hair so I was really unsure and only dried to to maybe 20%. After that I air dried while chasing a toddler and going to Costco. Pictures were taken after that.&&&My scalp is naturally oily and occasionally flaky. I’m now on day 3 without shampoo and my scalp feels great."
Ok-Attempt8183,pveyyx,"Beautiful. 

I’ve thought about making a switch away from shampoo. I’m just worried about how my oily scalp would react. Is your scalp naturally dry/oily?"
nettiemaria7,pveyyx,Looks very nice.  I was behind a pretty lady at post office today and wanted to tell her about CG.  Really makes a big difference.
GardenAutumn,pveu2q,I learned how to diffuse by Swavy Courtney on YouTube. Watch a couple of her videos - she gives good tips and instructions!
HonestlyRespectful,pveu2q,"The bigger the hair, the harder they stare.... The bigger the hair, the closer to God/Heaven. Since you're in Texas: Everything's bigger in Texas lol 

 I'm sure that there are more sayings, but they all mean volume is AWESOME! My hair is very similar to yours in all aspects, and I embrace the volume, it's part of wavy/curly hair, just like frizz. It looks lovely."
InspiredBlue,pveu2q,"We have very similar hair! It looks great!! I haven’t used a diffuser in quite some time, but I do love the results."
Jeschalen,pveu2q,"If you want less volume at the roots, hover diffuse rightside up - this will dry them without giving any additional volume that diffusing upside down or side-to-side will."
Kat-2793,pveu2q,"I finally feel like I know how to use my diffuser. Now if I could only reduce some of the volume at the roots!&&&&&&Aw, thank you! I get self conscious about it. So many people always comment on how big it looks and I'm never sure if it's meant as a positive or negative.&&&Ahhhh thank you! The grass is always greener I suppose 🙂&&&My routine is as follows:

\- Wash once a week with shampoo

\- Condition 3x a week & brush hair in shower with wide tooth comb

\- After shower, wrap hair in microfiber towel for 5-15 min

\- Apply M Moroccan Curl Cream, LA Looks Hair Gel & brush through with a wide tooth comb again

\- I usually leave my hair to air dry, but it almost always gets frizzy no matter how much gel/product I use

Today I tried diffusing for the millionth time. Usually my hair ends up HUGE and frizzy, but today I went slow and only turned the dryer on once my hair was already in the bowl. After moving to a different section I simply turned it off and repositioned the next section. I think that approach actually helped me combat frizz the most! Edit to add: I have thicker, dense hair. Low porosity. There's just so much hair?!?!

I love my hair and trying to embrace it in all it's big Texas-like glory, but I do wish I could figure out a better way to reduce some volume. No matter what I do I feel like it's always ready to touch the ceiling!

Feeling proud & pretty today :)&&&I will try this out! Thank you so much!&&&I think the very top layers surrounding my face are the ones I tend to be most critical of for the same reason you mentioned! They also tend to curl the least. I’ll try diffusing the roots from the top down though to see if that helps a bit 🙂&&&I’ve tried diffusing on and off for probably 5 years? Every time I’ve tried literally until today it just got big and messy. I will say I never really tried TOO hard nor did I watch any videos. Today I applied my usual products (the curl cream and then gel) and then just sectioned off parts of my hair and diffused. Really it wasn’t looking too hot until I started turning the diffuser off, filling the bowl with the next section of my hair, and then turning it back on. I also used a low setting but still with heat. In all it took me maybe 20 min? I did make certain sections wet again if I thought they were too frizzy and tried again.&&&Haha thank you! I think I’m so used to seeing people with “flat” straight hair that I think mine will never look like that. One of those “the grass is greener” things, you know? I appreciate your kind words!&&&Thank you!!! How do you usually style your hair? Most days I let mine air dry and then use a wand to curl flat areas&&&I’m happy to hear I’m not totally alone on my opinion 🙂 thank you! I’ll try diffusing standing right side up next time."
Mombod666,pveu2q,This is like hair goals. Today just the left side of my body looks sort of like this
MoneyAndMargs16,pveu2q,"You have the volume we all want! I totally get it though. Especially those front pieces having too much volume can make you feel like a bad 80s picture... As someone already mentioned, diffusing the roots while  right side up should help. If not, try not loosening the roots from your scalp after you shower (as in flip your head back and fourth or dont loosen it with your fingers while tipped over). Your hair is absolutely gorgeous though!"
Perspex_Sea,pveu2q,Reduce... volume?!
acogs53,pveu2q,"We have the SAME hair type, including porosity. What products do you use??"
cactusflower4,pveu2q,"Girl,  I always want volume at my roots.  There's nothing worse than flat hair.  Yours looks great!"
chalked_stove,pveu2q,"Looks great! How long did it take for you to get used to diffusing? How was your learning curve?

&#x200B;

I tried it first time today, following the tips I've seen on YT and my hair was an absolute mess about 3 minutes in. I had to completely ditch the process and re-wet my hair and just do damage control."
dcourtney25,pveu2q,why would you want to reduce the volume at the roots. its beautiful the way it is
dondee9si,pveu2q,I wish I could get volume like that!
gobbliegoop,pveu2q,"Reduce root volume - said nobody but OP. 

For real, looks great! I wouldn’t change anything."
jbei9981,pveu2q,What!?? I've never heard anyone say that want less volume at the roots. Your hair looks amazing! The volume is perfect
katbreit,pveu2q,"I agree that I think your volume looks good, but I had the same issue where I wanted a little less root volume and I was getting flyaways at the top of my hair. Plus styling and  diffusing upside down would cause my hair at the back to fall weird and not hold a curl

I switched to styling and diffusing right side up and I love the way my hair lies now! It’s got waves but is much smoother and less frizzy for me"
kyondayo,pveu2q,beautiful hair. what's wrong with the volume. i honestly strive for the largest of volumes lol.
misjessica,pveu2q,Love and want the volume!! Gorgeous!
rlh1987,pveu2q,I love the root volume
spanglish_,pveu2q,I LOVE the volume!
taradactyle_,pveu2q,Love the volume! It looks beautiful
theyellowdart94,pveu2q,I freaking love the volume. Your hair is gorgeous.
Eccentric_Tango,pve096,That hair is heat styled. Some people have natural waves that are similar but if that’s not your curl/wave pattern the only way to replicate it is with heat tools
Jeschalen,pve096,"I can achieve waves sort of similar to this by brushing out my waves once they've dried, but it looks less uniform and slightly frizzier than doing it manually with a heat tool."
Longjumping-Size-762,pve096,"Omg this looks like the spitting image of Cliff Burton, a complete doppelgänger"
Original-Entry4510,pve096,"Look up the tshirt ring heatless curl method, its been trending in tiktok but you'll be able to find the videos without the app. Its easier to sleep in than sock curls"
Snoo13109,pve096,This looks like my day 2+ hair after most of the curl falls out. But I thought it was a bad thing 😆
Subtlety87,pve096,"Typically yes, although I can approximate it (with a little more frizz/flyaway) by putting my hair in buns while slightly damp and letting it dry overnight"
_Tiny_Penguin_,pve096,"Is this hair only possible by using heat?&&&&&&Do you do two buns at the top of your head? And do you apply any other products? Thanks!&&&Is this the same method as robe curls? I’ve seen that on YouTube and that was what pushed me to finally order a robe lol&&&Omg no! If your hair looks like that just know that most other people will think it looks beautiful and very soft. I think when I first started understanding that my hair was wavy I really wanted a consistent wave pattern and would push for a tighter pattern but when I see hair like his I think how beautiful it looks and it clicked that I don’t need to have a super defined wave for my hair to look pretty. I had to see it on someone else to realize it is just as beautiful as tighter curls, if that makes sense.&&&Ah ok, I’m looking forward to trying that. Should I apply gel? I feel like it won’t hold otherwise and my hair gets frizzy in the humidity. However, it feels like a bad idea to sleep with wet or damp hair especially with gel in.&&&Thank you for the suggestion! I will look into that, but I’m going to try robe curls first and see how that goes&&&I’m in awe of this hair. I love the soft waves and almost nonexistent frizz. Is that only achieved by heat styling? I’m pretty sure the actor has naturally wavy hair so what kind of product and techniques could I use to get my hair to look like this?&&&Yes, that does make sense! It sounds uncomfortable to sleep in though. Also, was your hair damp when you did that? 

And I just started watching the show for the first time! Is it worth it?&&&I searched up who that was, and it really does&&&Sounds so pretty!&&&I wish that worked for me, my hair just looks like it has dents in it and super dull. But glad it works for you!"
clamchauder,pve096,"I used to have these kind of waves in high schools. I would put jojoba oil in it as a leave-in after showering. 

Then I would twist the top half and clip for volume. The remaining bottom, I'd twist up and kind of open up the top claw clip to also clip the twisted bottom hair. The result in the morning would be what you see. Frizz-free curls at the bottom like I ran it through a curling iron or something.

Sorry if those instructions made no sense 😅 Anyway, my curl pattern must have changed as I aged because now when I do it, I just get messed curls/kinks.

Side note: Versailles 💕"
dcne210,pve096,"I cut my hair recently after having my baby, but when it was long I was achieving something similar to this by doing ""robe curls"". You can find videos on YouTube about how to use the belt of a robe by wrapping your wet hair around it, securing it, and sleeping on it through the night. Nice wavy curls with no heat damage."
guacaflockaflames,pve096,Sock curls!
hoitytoitygloves,pve096,Also just FYI that is a wig. You can tell by the hairline.
lambibambiboo,pve096,I can get something similar by braiding my hair in two pigtails while wet overnight. It won’t look as perfect but it’s the lazy way.
liae__,pve096,It depends on what your natural curl pattern is like! But probably done with a curling iron for some gentle waves. I always loved his hair in that show too.
nemesiswithatophat,pve096,"Completely smooth waves with zero frizz? Yeah, its only possible with heat. Also keep in mind that Hollywood puts lots of work in making people look good, even past the hair and make up stage. Lighting and camera work are huge."
neverseektotell,pve096,Mine looks like this but the curl goes all the way to the root with the front pieces
whatififififif,pve096,My hair looks basically like this on day two or three if I brush it out.
Eccentric_Tango,pvdq20,"Literally just try something else. Wavy hair can be pretty flexible with shampoo and conditioners, though SM is known to be too heavy for most wavy types."
TheFriendlyAmoeba,pvdq20,"HELP: excessive hair loss from Shea moisture products, itchy scalp from conditione? am i going crazy?&&&Routine Wash with SheaMoisture Manuka Honey & Mafura Oil Intensive Hydration Shampoo. Sometimes I condition with Shea moisture anti breakage shampoo OR hibiscus curl and shine conditioner, watered down.

Clarify monthly with suave essentials. my hair is mix of curly wavy

I stopped using their conditioner for one day, so far the itching has stopped.

However, I previously used Shea moisture manuka honey and yogurt shampoo and my hair has been falling out like crazy. I switched to the intensive hydration 2-3 week ago and I still notice hair loss. My hair feels lighter and I have noticed less hair on part of my head.

When used, the Intensive hydration shampoo is like a mild relaxer. It also smells like lye/at home relaxer kit. I am too scared to continue with Shea moisture. What alternative products do you recommend?

Edit: the itching has returned 2days later&&&is there anything specific from that line that you reccomend or have used?&&&I usually water the conditioner down. But may stop using it now.&&&No major illness, stressful events,  or surgeries (thankfully). I have been using the SM products for little over 3 years and the itching has just started now. 

Oh wow, I hope you are doing better now!

&#x200B;

o"
boontiebabie,pvdq20,Try Not Your Mother’s line
catsgreaterthanpeopl,pvdq20,Trader Joe’s Shampoo and Conditioner (tea tree) is good and cheap.
nemesiswithatophat,pvdq20,"I know J&J is not a great company but the curly hair shampoo they have for kids is nice and light, as well as very affordable. Forgot the name but it shouldn't be too hard to find.

I'm also trying out a Shea Moisture conditioner and oof, it does seem kind of heavy. Still in the experimenting with it phase though."
pinkordie,pvdq20,"Just saw this and wanted to add, did you go through any stressful events or have any major illnesses or surgeries about 3 months ago? The itching is definitely a product reaction but the hair loss might be related to that. 

When your body goes through a big event it usually sends a decent amount of hair into the follicle death phase which then translates to hair loss in about 3 months. It totally could be the products like what deva curl did to people but it could be something else.

Sharing since I lost sooo much hair 3 months after a surgery and was freaking out before I saw a Dr dray video where she addressed this specific type of hair loss"
