index,id,comments
Afura,mnr3mt,That color too!
NeoSuperconductivity,mnr3mt,"&#x200B;

Ooh-la-la!"
charliemismyname,mnr3mt,Oooooh that is proper mermaid hair. Wow!
gator_gang_girl,mnr3mt,"These waves have me dreaming of the beach!&&&&&&Routine:


-Shampoo scalp only with Carol’s Daughter Black Vanilla shampoo


-Scrub scalp thoroughly with finger tips under water to rinse


-Apply 3 pumps of Love Beauty & Planet Coconut Water & Mimosa Flower Conditioner 


-Flip hair upside down and brush with Wet Brush from end to roots


-Clip hair on top of head and cover with shower cap


-Do other shower things


-Part and brush hair again, apply more conditioner if needed


-Rinse with cool water


-Squish out excess water using praying hands


-Apply a small amount of Shea Moisture Coconut & Hibiscus Curl Enhancing Smoothie using praying hands method


-Apply Eco Styler Olive Oil Gel with praying hand, then apply a second time scrunching into roots


-Plop in microfiber towel for 10 minutes



-Hover diffuse until 95% dry



-Scrunch the crunch out"
1paperairplane,mnq7hm,I love that cut! It's so flattering and pretty!
DoctorJamesSanchez,mnq7hm,You're so beautiful
Eridium_Purple,mnq7hm,"I never comment stuff like this on reddit, but i really want you to know that you are stunning. Wow!"
Fresh-Attention-4538,mnq7hm,So pretty!!!!
Grateful_Breadd,mnq7hm,I love the haircut
Mrknowitall86,mnq7hm,"Well, I’m not an expert with hair, but you have a beautiful face"
Ravenswillfall,mnq7hm,"Loving this look. The hair, the color of your shirt, your brows, your lashes are all on point."
Roastots,mnq7hm,This is my dream hair. The color is darling.
SilverVixen1928,mnq7hm,A shag cut. It from (at least) the 1960s. Basically you pull the hair straight up and cut it all horizontally. Instant layers. Short enough to wear loose without all the hair in your face. Long enough to put it up.
TheAngriestOwl,mnq7hm,"You uh, got a what?"
babycow15,mnq7hm,Omg I love this haircut saving it!
innerlight42,mnq7hm,This is the haircut I want! It looks amazing!
kimmy_022,mnq7hm,"hair is looking amazing!! this gives me hope for my own waves and ideas for a cut myself, thanks for sharing!!!"
mandi-von,mnq7hm,Hair goals! 😍
michellevalentinova,mnq7hm,Looking good!
nemesiswithatophat,mnq7hm,Super jealous of these waves!
oniirica,mnq7hm,"Got a shag and ditched silicone, feel like my hair is reaching its full potential!&&&&&&currently i’m using johnson’s baby shampoo, garnier fructis coconut treat conditioner, and pacifica pineapple swirl curl cream.&&&thank you so much! 😊"
swiftoliverapt0r,mnq7hm,Malin Akerman vibes but you blow her outta the water!
xmryld,mnq7hm,How do you style it? Can you tell in detail? I really need some styling advice for natural waves :/
zolamolly,mnq7hm,getting a shag was the best thing i could do for my waves/curls. the short layers gives them so much freedom to pop up
Wavyhaircare,mnpgda,"This topic can get controversial to some degree, people who are strictly CGM will disagree with those who aren't strict CGM on this subject. I personally believe that you don't need a sulfate to remove silicones but that concept is kina anti-CGM I guess. Here's a blog post that lists various cleansers that can remove silicones, many of them are ones we commonly see in low poos. 

[http://science-yhairblog.blogspot.com/2016/05/detergents-which-remove-silicones.html](http://science-yhairblog.blogspot.com/2016/05/detergents-which-remove-silicones.html)"
jo_bani,mnpgda,"Clarifying vs strong ""low-poos""&&&I did a search and wasn't really able to answer this question satisfactorily so I was hoping to get some thoughts.

I'm noticing that some shampoos being recommended here as ""low-poos"" and others as ""clarifying"" both seem to have some ingredients that  in the ""stronger cleanser"" category (according to curlscan.com) but are not sulfates. For instance, I bought NYM Matcha and Apple Blossom shampoo a couple weeks ago as a low-poo, and generally like it, and it contains the ""stronger cleanser"" sodium lauroyl methyl isethionate. I just realized this week that I had unwittingly used a product with silicones and thus was considering clarifying and was doing some research on good clarifying shampoos since I didn't care for the sulfate shampoo I'd used before. I found several recommendations that I was interested in, including Kinky Curly Come Clean, Trader Joe's Tea Tree Shampoo, and Noughty's Detox Dynamo... and none of them have sulfates either, but some other ""stronger cleanser."" 

So... what's the difference? Should I just not worry about getting a separate clarifying shampoo? Does adding an ACV rinse accomplish the same thing?? I've done 50:50 ACV in the past so I tolerate it fairly well. Or do I need to be targeting a shampoo that for sure has sulfates to get the full clarifying effect? It seems like the shampoos labeled clarifying tend to have some chelating ingredient, but I don't think I have particularly hard water so I don't know if that matters much for me, but I don't know for sure. 

And I have seen Mel's video about how sulfates/silicones are not inherently bad, but I'm in the phase of trying to figure out which ingredients and methods work for me so I'm trying to be consistent with keeping silicones out of my hair for now. 

Thanks in advance, I know that's a lot of questions and the answer seems likely to be ""just try some stuff"" but any thoughts are helpful!&&&This is great, thank you! Basically exactly what I was looking for. It looks like the NYM Matcha that I have contains a detergent labeled here as ""mild"", while the clarifying ones contain a couple that are not considered mild. Good to know!

I suppose I'll just use the one I have until I feel like it's not doing what I need."
neverseektotell,mnpgda,"I’ve read somewhere that things like cocamido-whatever betaine can remove silicones. I’ve not used a sulphate in two years, I find the Pantene sulphate free does the job of a harsh cleanser easily for me."
puppersandmeow,mnnuob,"I may not have slept but at least it's a good hair day&&&&&&I'm new to not brushing my hair straight so still figuring things out. 

Routine:  wash roots with NYM green shampoo, rinse. Condition all over with NYM green conditioner. 
Jessicurl spuralicous gel while hair is dripping wet. Scrunch out water. Scrunch in herbal essence totally twisted mousse. 
Plop in microfiber towel for however long (typically 20ish min but, kids).
Let air dry trying not to touch or let 1yr old touch. 

As for the sleeping, baby is teething and preschooler drank too much water before bed."
Sylvss1011,mnnlpu,Love it!! So pretty!
cncld4dncng,mnnlpu,"Best hair day so far! My hair was desperately lacking protein. Used a Hask deep conditioning mask and the results were amazing!&&&&&&Thanks! ❤️&&&Thanks! :’) I thought it was kind of frizzy but I guess not :)&&&Routine: put some coconut oil in my scalp about 5 minutes before hopping in the shower. This helps my dandruff/dry scalp in Utah. 

I normally shampoo with the ColorProof SuperRich shampoo, but today I used the Matrix So Silver shampoo to brighten up my balayage and give more of a deep clean. 

After that, today I deep conditioned (used some pray hands then squish to condish action) with Hask Keratin Protein treatment. Let it sit for 10 minutes or so. Then, I brushed it wish a WetBrush for thick hair. 

After I gently rinse it out, I applied Not Your Mother’s curl cream to my soaking wet hair. Then applied the NYM mousse for the first time!! I applied both products with prayer hands then squished. After that, I plopped in a t-shirt for 30 mins, then let it air dry. I’m hoping to get a microfiber towel and diffuser soon!

I have 2A hair, with amazing waves in the back and struggle waves in the front. But!! These front waves are looking better each day! I have no clue what my porosity is. I keep forgetting to do the test, but I’m guessing it’s high porosity. My hair is hella thick though (each strand is thin, but I have tons of it). Takes like 4 hours to fully try."
entropic_emma,mnnlpu,"So pretty, and basically no frizz!!"
pulang_panda,mnnlpu,Gorgeous waves!! I hope to have hair like yours someday
justHopps,mnn8m1,Wow you’re using some seriously heavy conditioners (honey and mafura oil).  How is your protein and moisture balance? Have you used a chelating shampoo if you live in a hard water area? All your products seem super moisture heavy and heavy in general. You should consider doing a protein treatment and use another styling product on top of the custard.
whatififififif,mnn8m1,"I think diffusing kills my wave?&&&I'd been really struggling with my waves looking limp and sad or flat out just straight, and was so confused. Was it the hard water at my new place finally catching up with me...? I finally put two and two together.... I think it's diffusing? This is confusing because while I've heard of people getting bad frizz from diffusing, I've only heard that diffusing tends to increase definition and curl tightness, not... kill it. I was diffusing on low speed, low heat or cool.

Does anyone else find that diffusing makes your hair sad and straight?&&&My hair: Low Porosity, thick in terms of hair density, medium in terms of strand thickness. Likes a good amount of protein.

My routine: shampoo at least once a week. I have a sulfate shampoo I clarify with, and gentler shampoos for regular use. Condition with one of my five options, haha. Currently using SheaMoisture Manuka Honey and Mafura Oil conditioner mostly. Detangle with fingers and wide tooth comb. Rinse hair under spray while scrunching water in. Use praying hands to apply SheaMoisture Low Porosity Leave In (my fave product). Use Denman brush. Praying hands then squish in gel - currently using Kinky Curly Curling Custard. Then scrunch out water with microfiber hair wrap thing. I have stopped plopping, it's bad for my underlayer of waves which are the curliest layer."
allu-jallu,mnn0qk,"Really bummed that my hair looked so good after a nap with nowhere to go&&&&&&Well, I'm sorry to hear that but you're not alone lol&&&Washed using Deva Curl no poo, treated with As I am coconut leave in and styled using Pantene curl mousse. When dry scrunched, styled further with Cantu conditioning cream and more mousse. Medium porosity, medium thickness, low density."
trenchcosmo,mnn0qk,Holy snap ive never seen someone so close to my hair type
EdgeCityRed,mnmrbp,"Maybe some layers wouldn't go amiss. (I've done a long shag and am doing it again to lighten up a little because I'm at the longest length ever thanks to fewer cuts during covid times). 

You waves look great, though? I think you're being too hard on yourself when your hair is actually bangin'. 

I mix curl cream like Shea Moisture or Marc Anthony with a BIT of Eco Styler, like 3:1, and use that, and my hair is high-porosity. I scrunch and just air dry, and use a velvet scrunchie and silky pillowcase (it's actually just a cheap poly satin one, but the point is that it's slick) at night to keep the frizz away. 

I refresh the next day with an argan oil spray for shine, but that might be kind of heavy for your hair and there are lighter shine sprays."
Hk1222,mnmrbp,honestly I think your hair looks rlly good
arihkerra,mnmrbp,"Please help! Journey from Sept-Now; Haircut? Layers? Products? I’m at a total loss and it’s horrible for my depression too. Should I just give up? (Long tale in comments sorry)&&&&&&You’re sweet, thank you. I have a looooong way to go! It gets very matted and stringy- I hate it. I’m in Canada and usually shop at Walmart/superstore and if I happen to be near a mall I might pop into shoppers or Sephora. I’ve heard great things about the NYM but I can’t seem to find it in town!! Also I use microfibre turbans LOL- got the 5-pack on Amazon and love em. After the plop do you air dry? That’s always the worst for me- air drying and diffusing. I get convinced that my hair will flatten if I move while air drying and diffusing is sooooo hard for my little trex arms!&&&Thank you! Coconut specifically? I read another user mention Aloe really helped her in the dry Canadian climate too... it’s so hard to find budget friendly products without all the extra crap- plus it gets expensive doing trial & error.&&&TL;DR: I’m a wavy failure and need help.

I posted a while ago and was feeling okay about my progress. I keep notes on the pics I take when I remember to try and keep track of success/fails. I wear my hair up 100% of the time because a) I drive school bus and b) it’s quarantine and c) I hate my hair.

I clarify with Cantu Shampoo and have been cowashing with the As I Am coconut. I learned recently my hair might be over moisturized so I did a good protein treatment the other day and tried to reset it. I’m in Canada, on a strict budget, and am super low-maintenance. Below is a list of what I have at home:

Wet Brush, boar bristle, pick, wide comb, nice hairdryer w/ diffuser.
Cantu Shampoo, As I Am Cowash, Shea Moisture protein thingy (can’t remember offhand the type but I learned about it from here), HE Totally Twisted Mousse, L’Oréal Curl crap (never use it), some salt sprays (they’re so drying so I don’t use), Marc Anthony Yellow Mousse (?), Hemp leave in, HE Spray Gel, Aussie Max Hold Gel, Dippity Do max Hold gel, Aussie SPRUNCH Mousse... I think that’s all for now. 

I want a haircut- will layers help? I love a good shaggy mullet tbh... I think my hair might be 2a and VERY fine- but thick thick thick esp the underneath. It’s frizzy a LOT and although not dyed or heated for AGES I think it’s quite damaged. I know it’s dumb but I’ve tried so many things and I’m so discouraged... how do I get larger clumping? Does my hair not work like that? I also think it’s HIGH porosity which made my hunk it was too dry so I went crazy with moisturizing products which led me to realize maybe I was screwing it up....

Any and all help would be so so so appreciated- my mental health is taking a downturn and my hair is one of my favorite parts of myself- until now. I’m sorry for the wall of text!!!"
josetheconquerer,mnmrbp,"Dude your hair is gorgeous! My 2a hair is fine, thin, and greasy. So I don’t think I can help that much. Have you tried using a curl creme and then wet-plopping into a microfiber towel or tshirt? I use the not your mothers curl talk creme and gel, then plop for 20 min right out of the shower. It cuts down in frizz and brings out more curls."
kastanjebruin,mnmrbp,"Just wanted to say that my hair really hated the as I am cowash, and gave me flat, stringy hair. Might be worth it to kick it out/try a wash without products with coconut"
kiwidoc71,mnmrbp,"Your third pic, after your cut, looks just lovely - maybe your hair is a bit too fine and lightly wavy to cope with the longer length? That length is really versatile too as you can still put it up easily. I think it's pretty as it is; if you want more curl you could try 'curl training' the straighter pieces - just twist them when wet/damp. Fine hair generally copes better with fewer and lighter products - avoid products with heavy butters and oils etc, and just use one styler (if you want to use one at all). Your are so NOT a failure!"
more_chz_plz,mnmrbp,"I have no advice, because I'm new and still figuring out what's good for my own hair. But, I just want to say your hair looks great! You got some great waves!"
whit_flinn,mnmrbp,"First off, you’re not a failure for not getting perfect waves. You’re just trying your best and learning along the way! It’s okay to have a shit wash day and put your hair up/brush it out, etc.

Skip the cowash. Do your reg shampoo (wash it twice next time to really clean scalp) and conditioner for a couple days. Do an apple cider rinse if you can. 

Your 2nd day refresh back in September looks great. I would try and reset as best you can with what you have. 

If your hair is high porosity it is gonna want proteins. Your hair looks weighed down, so it is possible that it is coated or just limp from too much product and conditioners.

Try just a no products wash day day and then putting in 1 product in 2nd day. Stick with the HE mouse or Aussie gel. I also find that my fine 2a hair prefers flaxseed/aloe based gels.

If this doesn’t work it might be worth it to look at the ingredients in tour shampoo and conditioner. It’s very possible the Cantu shampoo and Shea moisture is weighing your hair down or coating it.

Honestly I bet if you grabbed like suave shampoo or something with sulfates, washed and then deep conditioned tour hair would bounce back. 

That’s all the advice I have🤓, take care 💖"
Pallavi-Shelar,mnm5ai,"how many times do uh guys comb your hair&&&After washing my hair I do get beautiful curls but after combing my hair all the curls gets vanished and my hairs are left with frizz😭😭
How many times uh guys comb your hair??&&&That means I don't have to brush my hair till next hair wash"
anonymous_here767,mnm5ai,"I only comb/brush my hair in the shower with conditioner in it, or I will rarely brush it out to put it in a french braid. I never expect to wear it down after brushing/combing."
jessacomposed,mnm5ai,"Yep, I don't brush (or even rake) at all after my final rinse. I just scrunch in products and then don't run anything through it until the next wash day."
neverseektotell,mnm5ai,I brush it in the shower when wet with loads of conditioner. And then never again until the next wash.
Aggravating_Oven_815,mnldky,"You're hair is absolutely gorgeous and our waves actually look pretty similar. I use flaxseed gel too and I find it's a great one-and-done styler. It's quite moisturising so I dont use a leave-in, but you might need one depending on your hair and its needs.

If your waves are looking limp it might be because you need some more protein to repair the structure, but its perfectly normal for your hair to look less than you would hope during the transition phase. There are multiple ways to find out whether your hair needs protein or moisture, like strand tests.

The best advice I can give you is to listen to your hair and know its type and needs. It would be super beneficial to find out your porosity and know what your hair likes/dislikes. For example, even though I have fine/medium, medium density loose waves, my hair likes a lot of heavier product in order to give it structure. It might take a while to understand what your hair likes and needs and will probably take a bit of research. I recommend NaturallyCurly and youtube channels like manes by mell and swavycurlycourtney if you want to research, but you could always find other channels and articles to look into too.

Make sure you have a clarifying shampoo on hand (containing sulphates if you wish), and a good conditioner. If you want to be strictly CG then silicone-free products would be preferable. Clarifying regularly is important for wavies as we are more prone to build up. Your hair not being cleansed properly could lead to limp and lifeless hair, among other things like an itchy scalp, buildup, etc.

Hope this helps <3

Edit: Sorry for the essay haha"
Baragwin2,mnldky,"Newbie here, any advice? :)&&&&&&I started looking into CGM a while ago but didn't really follow a routine, or didn't find what worked for me. I have super thick and dense hair, it's pretty wavy when wet. These pictures were taken after a shampoo+conditioning then using flaxseed gel, and a mix of diffusing and air drying. I was impressed with the shine, but the waves are pretty limp (although that's the waviest I've seen it so far). Looking for advice from experienced wavies so I can keep on improving my hair :) thanks!"
jessacomposed,mnldky,"I would agree with the protein recommendation--it always helps bring out my waves and give them longevity. I would recommend starting with a store-bought treatment, as I've heard many DIYs don't have proteins small enough to really penetrate the hair. The Hask argan oil or keratin masks both have lots of protein and are affordable!"
FlyingPurplePenguin,mnky05,"Hair type? Just starting&&&&&&Routine: low poo with love and planet shampoo and condition with love and planet. Cowash- as I am coconut. Leave in (not your mothers curl) while sopping wet. Plop to get some moisture out and then add uncle funky’s curl magic with praying hands. Scrunch while head upside down and plop in microfiber towel for 20-30 minutes. Let air dry. 

I’m still new (like 1 week) so any tips and tricks are greatly appreciated. I’m also trying to figure out what my hair type is. I know it’s low porosity, fine texture but a LOT of it. 

I feel like my hair is greasy, limp, and frizzy at the same time. I’ve also diffused and gotten pretty much the same results. My hair is also reviving from color and highlights."
whit_flinn,mnky05,"Looks 2a in these pictures. Try skipping the cowash and just doing your low poo. Also try adding uncle funkys while soaking wet and then microplop. If your hair is fine (it looks like mine, then plopping is just gonna make your waves weird.) I don’t recommend plopping. Just get the gel in your hair sopping wet and then scrunch out access water. You can air dry or diffuse after this. Good luck!"
Qwertyotum,mnkrj0,Could anyone recommend a decent no-junk hair oil in the UK?&&&
dinosaurholiday,mnh874,"Protecting my hair from ""the pollening""??&&&It's Pollen Season where I live and everything is coated in a film of yellow-green. I'm outside for a few hours a day between exercising and gardening (my p/t job as well as hobby). I've had to wash/cowash my hair every evening for the past three days and probably will do so today as well. Anyone have a good way to protect hair from the pollen menace without getting awful hat head and flattened waves? I have almost shoulder length hair with a few long layers - ponytail and hat would work but would probably mean straight hair before and after work. Or I guess I just wash or cowash daily until the pollen stops?&&&Oh, one other thing... I work at a school where the majority of students are Black and Latinx. As a cis white woman, I don't want to come across as culturally appropriating..."
justHopps,mnh874,I would wash/rinse regardless if the pollen issue is as bad as it sounds. Scarf or bonnets would technically work but it wouldn’t be a substitute to washing all that dust and pollen out.
kneesofthetrees,mnh874,"Anyone can cover their hair, don’t be silly. If you want to cover it while you work outside then cover it. Nobody has copyright on the headscarf. And it wasn’t so long ago that American women covered their hair to protect their bouffant and beehive hairstyles because they had their hair washed and restyled just once a week at the salon."
neverseektotell,mnh874,Buff/wrap? Can Chuck in the wash or even hand wash after
BruceBonds,mng2g8,Looks great !!! 👍
Csherman92,mng2g8,"Not bad for day 2 hair and sleeping on it.&&&&&&My routine is showering at night, then sleeping on it. I wash it with the ogx argon oil shampoo and conditioner. Sometimes I don’t put conditioner in my hair because then my hair is too oily. 

Then I just dry my hair with a turbine twist and let it dry in the turbine twist for like an hour. Then I put it up in a ponytail because I hate my long hair getting my shirt wet. 


I don’t put in any product at night. Then I sleep on it again, and don’t take a brush through it or anything because then it will get bushy. My hair is high porosity.  

My hair is also very thick. I will sleep on dry hair for a day or two and not style it. Yes. There are some days I just actually wake up this way.

When I don’t wash my hair and just shower, my hair is actually curlier but it doesn’t feel as nice. Last week I hadn’t washed it for 5 days and on day 5 it still looked pretty good."
Familiar-Marsupial-3,mng2g8,"Gorgeous! I'm well jealous, I wish my first day hair was this good."
Noufah,mng2g8,Your hair is fine 🥺not bad at all
Slammogram,mng2g8,"Yeah, my next day hair is crap.&&&Looks awesome.  :)

My next day hair never looks good.  :("
josetheconquerer,mng2g8,Gorgeous!
aejoam1819,mnfut3,"Curly cut for wavy hair?&&&I'm getting ready to get a haircut for the first time in a year, and trying to decide whether to get a regular cut with someone who is familiar with (2B) wavy hair or a full curly cut where they cut it dry. For reference, I'm attaching a pic of my hair on a less wavy day and then a good wavy day. Has anyone with 2B hair had success with one kind of cut or the other?

[less wavy day](https://preview.redd.it/vk01hnyb45s61.jpg?width=1616&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=e6ba973fbfc253ce4a6411fbd9cf8c2cc760f071)

[Good wavy day](https://preview.redd.it/pdtxwdg635s61.jpg?width=1616&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=b5aa3fa2f3c4d57234aaa3f07878de608df59823)&&&Current routine: Not Your Mother's Activated Bamboo Charcoal & Purple Moonstone Shampoo or giovanni tea tree shampoo, Tresemmé Clean & Replenish conditioner, then scrunch and microplop with Umberto Giannini curly jelly"
Istinline,mnb6zh,"This will really depend on the person. I clarify once a week because I’m prone to build up and I also use silicones in some of my stylers so it’s nice to just reset every time and my hair loves me for it. I hardly ever deep condition unless it’s a protein treatment like Ecoslay matcha boost or gelatin mask but that’s because I have low porosity hair that retains water easily so any extra moisture would just throw it into moisture overload. 

If head and shoulders was working for you, maybe go back to it and see how your hair reacts."
appyinthewoods,mnb6zh,"Clarifying??&&&How often do wavies need to clarify?
I've been on a modified CG method for about two months and I've made amazing progress! I recently changed my clarifying shampoo and it's led to my strands getting a bit more drier than usual?
I clarified with the Pantene Lively shampoo for the first time. Used to use head and shoulders diluted with water previously and it didn't really dry me out this much. Last time I clarified was about two weeks ago.
Just wanted to know how often do wavies clarify and also, should I use a deep conditioner after a clarifying day? what products would you suggest?"
blckrainbow,mnb6zh,"I clarify maybe once every 2 weeks but I wash my hair less nowadays so it's maybe every 4-5 washes, and my hair loves it WAY more than when I only clarified once a month. I am doing the CGM fully, never use silicones, so my hair doesn't really get build-up or anything, it just feels refreshing to do a sulfate wash every now and then and my hair feels so nice and light afterwards, shinier too! 

I clarify with the pantene aqua light shampoo and use the tresseme botanique nourish and replenish conditioner afterwards and let it sit for a while, on non-clariffying wash days I use the shea moisture daily hydration coconut shampoo and conditioner which is light enough for my hair not to get weighed down. 

I rarely use a deep conditioner, I usually just let the regular conditioner sit for about 30 minutes instead, be it after clarifying or otherwise."
michellevalentinova,mnb6zh,"I get henna done in a salon every 3 weeks which is my clarify. Maybe if I do olaplex I will clarify as I need to wash it out.

Yes, deep condition afterwards.

Frequency is mostly up to how you feel your hair."
Istinline,mn9td3,I think your hair looks really pretty! Since your hair seems prone to build up maybe try the reset wash or use another clarifying shampoo next wash day. How long have you been wearing your hair wavy? It could just take sometime if you’re still transitioning.
frodomaggins0,mn9td3,"Help please! I wasn’t sure if my hair was wavy or not, and now I think maybe it was just straight all along..&&&&&&Here’s my current process 

Every 3-4 days:
- Lowpoo/condition with Not your mothers natural’s royal honey and kalahari desert melon
- Scrunch with Not your mother’s Curl Talk mousse and then Goddess Curls gel
- Hover diffuse til about 50% dry, then flip head and diffuse.

I find my hair looks good the day I do it, but I’m having trouble with refreshing as it seems to turn into a mess while sleeping. I’ve tried pineapple in and wrapping my hair in a scarf with this haircut, but it’s so short that it just ends up getting creased at weird angles by the morning. If I use enough product to get a good result when I style, it also gets pretty oily and limp in a couple of days."
Osgood-Schlatters22,mn8dql,"Not a shampoo recommendation but this might help with hair loss. I used this after I stopped nursing, saw great results after 6 months of using half of the dose recommended for men: https://www.costco.com/kirkland-signature-hair-regrowth-treatment-extra-strength-for-men%2c-5%25-minoxidil-topical-solution%2c-2-fl.-oz%2c-6-pack.product.11501138.html"
Psyloo,mn8dql,"Oh my gosh what a beaauuutiful picture! And wow, your hair actually looks lovely. Wonder how thick/shiny it was before the hair loss! I'm sure you've read a lot of posts recommending hair products so here's an at-home solution. Us south-asian people love our natural oils so do try mixing a few drops of castor oil and almond oil with coconut oil. Heat till it's luke warm and massage it into your scalp for a few minutes. Leave it on for about 30 minutes and shampoo/condition as usual. This will save you money and you won't have to throw out the products you already have at home. Not to mention, it gives you some me time! All the best and lots of love to the baby and you!"
hubiwoobie,mn8dql,"Pantene isn’t horrible, and if you like it, you can keep using it. I use Pantene and used it the whole time I grew my hair out past my hips! 

Maybe look into topical melatonin and Ketoconazole in addition to minoxidil. Ketoconazole can be found in Nizoral shampoo, so it would be easy to try out at least."
jayrodhazlyf,mn8dql,"First time in 6 months I’ve worn my hair down , due to significant hair loss during and after pregnancy. I miss my full hair, but at least I’ve still got my waves. Any suggestions on shampoo/ conditioner/ combo? I’ve been using Pantene.. which I know is horrible...&&&&&&If I discontinue use after I get the results I want will the regrowth fall out ?&&&Thank you for this definitely gonna try it&&&Thank you 😊"
shez_bu,mn8dql,Kerastase genesis- ps you look fab together & your baby is so sweet x
stupid-mixed-artist,mn8dql,i started using Shea Moisture and i personally really like it! i use the Jamaican Black Castor Oil shampoo + conditioner :))
tubbybunz,mn8dql,"Andalou and Shea Moisture are good natural brands you can find in target and other common stores. Mill Creek is nice too, I usually shop at [vitacost](https://www.vitacost.com/)"
Beansnugglekins,mn6xqa,"Long, wavy/ curly hair that is very fine&&&Hi! I’m a lost beginner looking for advice. My hair is very frizzy and unstructured. At its best, it looks like silky ringlets sprinkled into many unstructured waves. Straight on top/ wavy or curly on the bottom. My hair can get oily pretty quickly. I’m looking for a simple, affordable hair care routine that will let me go out of the house in a very humid climate without turning into a hairball. Gel is way too heavy for my hair. Rn I’ve been using a little bit of Tresemme Tres Gel 4 with Aussie Miracle Curls Curl Pudding when my hair is wet. I’m a broke college student with no big cash to dish out but I’m out here trying to look semi-presentable. I think this has shown some improvement. Sometimes I use hair spray to try sprucing it up. I use dry shampoo on days I don’t wash my hair and a lot of times have been wetting it and re-crunching it with curl pudding to try to get it to hold. I was on L’Oréal Ever Strong sulfate free Thickening shampoo but then I ran out and am now on Honest truly calming shampoo/body wash thing. My conditioners come from the clearance rack at TJ Maxx or Marshall’s. I have matrix Biolage uplift conditioner, but when I’m done with that I have dippity do girls with curls de-frizz curl conditioner. Bruh at this point I’m like how did people do their hair in the olden days before all these products existed. I’m sorry but I’m not buying a diffuser. I’m here for practical tips. I live in a hot humid climate so I can’t change that either. I think air drying my hair and putting hair spray might have been more successful when my hair was shorter but now that it’s so long, especially around my neck and ears, it’s bound to frizz up. I apologize if you read up until this point and am disgusted by my lack of effort. I am too cheap and lazy to go on a high effort journey but if you can tolerate my $8 maybe every month for hair care budget, pls send help and thank you in advance for reading this novel.&&&Also I apologize if this came off as rude! I’m definitely willing to try new things but the essence of what I meant to say was I’m not in a position financially to go all out trying different products"
justHopps,mn6xqa,"If you’re really broke you don’t even need to spend $8 a month. There are routines that are way cheaper if you look around this subreddit and /r/curlyhair 

I like suave’s strawberry and creme conditioner which is $2. Study dew points and how it affects your hair. YouTube the topic and there are videos that go into great detail. This will be your key to having low frizz. Aussie instant freeze is glycerine free I believe which helps with humidity issues. Google high humidity products that are cg friendly and on a budget. There are lots of alternatives and information out there. Hopefully this nudges you in the right direction since no one can completely help you since we don’t know your situation. Good luck"
justHopps,mn3vkj,Just use a heat protectant for those areas and you’ll be fine. Incest in a good one like mizani or chi.
michiaball,mn3vkj,"Help - trying to stop using a curling iron&&&The top front of my hair is straight while the rest of my hair is 2a/2b waves. I really like how my hair looks with just some curl cream and mousse... except for the top front. So far I've tried braiding and pin curling that section but the results didn't match my wave pattern. (pin curls were like ringlets, and braid looked too tight and uniform). Lately I've been using a 1.5 inch curling iron because that gives me the best results, but I feel like their must be a healthier way. Any suggestions on how I can air dry my straight hairs to match my waves would be greatly appreciated!

side note: I know it's common for the top of the hair to look straight when its actually wavy. However, I've never seen this top section be wavy before, and no matter what I do it stays straight. I'm pretty convinced that it's natural texture is just straight&&&Thanks for the advice guys!"
neverseektotell,mn3vkj,I use a moisturising gel underneath and a protein gel on the top layers for this reason
rennatyellek,mn3vkj,"You could try the denman brush and a strong hold gel to help encourage a spiral in those sections. I will say I had the same problem and now that I am about 1.5 years into strictly CG method, those pieces are now some of my curliest I think because I had to give them more attention than the rest. Good luck!"
ImManbat_,mn3rfu,"Shampoo and conditioner bar recommendations&&&Hey guys I've recently discovered shampoo bars and found they work so much better than the bottled stuff. I've been using Honey I washed my hair from lush and it works great but has sulfates in so looking for something a bit gentler. Also conditioner bars too, I haven't tried any yet as was sceptical even of the shampoo bar but would love to now. 

My hair goes throughout the 2 spectrum but mostly 2b and 2c , verrrry thick and medium to fine diameter 

preferably products from UK but don't mind outside of as long as they're not too expensive&&&Brilliant , thank you. I love their soap had no idea they did shampoo bars too&&&Thank you I'll give it a go! Don't mind sulfates just wanted to alternate between the two"
at2614,mn3rfu,I've been using Ethique's shampoo bars for a while and love them. I think they do have sulfates though. The Sweet & Spicy and the Heali Kiwi are my go-tos. They are about $15 a bar.
visionsofk,mn3rfu,"Faith in nature do sulphate free shampoo bars, can get them from Holland and Barrett and some Boots sell them"
BigPooper20,mn2k7p,"Go into lush and ask them to hook you up with samples.  Seriously, changed my hair game.


Specifically, consider trying out revive.  

Another tip:   Blow dry at night, and put it up on your head in a ballerina bun.   Wake up to big loose waves and volume."
DancingPuppets,mn2k7p,What haircut is this? I would love my hair to fall like this!
essentialsucculent,mn2k7p,"Need help with my routine :(&&&&&&Hello wavies! I wash my hair daily (trying to fix that, any suggestions as to how are appreciated) and I shampoo with Cantu sulfate free shea butter shampoo, alternate next wash with a cowash. I use two conditioners, also alternating between to balance moisture/protein. I use shea moisture curl& shine, and a kirkland signature (Costco) sulfate, paraben and phosphate free conditioner. 
I am just a bit lost, and honestly after a year I just am not seeing results. I tried using a gel, but it was far too strong/heavy for my hair (I tried the Aussie instant freeze gel). The best product I’ve tried so far is an air drying IGK coconut oil styler for defining waves, but it didn’t do much other than just be an extra step in my routine. 
Some issues I am having is that I’ve lost a significant amount of volume, and my wave pattern is just at the ends of my hair, so it is super hard to style. 
I appreciate any feedback on my routine or product recommendations! I’m honestly just frustrated with how my hair looks&&&Oh thank you! I honestly just ask my hairstylist for shoulder length hair and she puts in a LOT of layers because I have really thick hair, and face framing layers (they start about at my cheek bones)"
salazarslocket,mn2k7p,A lot of wavies prefer to use sulfates. I wonder if you switch to a sulfate shampoo if you can go every other day?
whit_flinn,mn2k7p,"So my hair is shoulder length, and unless I use gel the pattern is mostly a big S even with squish to condish. It is possible that your pattern just doesn’t show unless you have longer hair?"
