index,id,comments
blckrainbow,pim3ja,"No experience, but came across this article on buzzfeed the other day, maybe it will give you some idea on how to use it (there's links within the article too)

[https://www.buzzfeed.com/hannahmarder/trying-brad-mondos-wavetech](https://www.buzzfeed.com/hannahmarder/trying-brad-mondos-wavetech)"
wander1262,pim3ja,Xmondo single styler?&&&Talk to me about the xmondo foam. I just bought some and am looking forward to trying it. I'm not sure if I should pair it with a gel or not.
Feisty-Sherbert,pilfsv,"Anyone have experience/suggestions for cutting their own hair?&&&I have always cut my own hair, back when I mostly wore my hair straight. I never had any issue with getting the correct shape or keeping it even, even when I was cutting a short bob. I have no idea how to cut wavy hair though. I’m not sure whether I should go for the cut-when-dry advice you usually hear for curly hair, or go for wet like I used to. My hair is mostly 2a-2b because of damage, but as I cut off the damage and do some treatments I’m hoping to get back to to 2c-3a again. I think a cut will help enhance the waves but I’m not sure what the best method would be. It’s mostly the same length all around except my bangs and I definitely need some layers. 

[Here are photos](https://imgur.com/a/hTn01Qg) with my current hair state and some photos with less damage. The last photo is the only photo that you can very faintly see the ringlets I used to have around my hairline before I started bleaching or dyeing my hair."
Masters_pet_411,pilfsv,I used manes by mel video. She had one about a pigtail cut and one where she taught her sister how to cut her own hair.
lvamc,pilfsv,Seconding Mel's video!
Daisyfay1414,pik0vk,Have you tried washing less or cowashing?
Lady_Sasa,pik0vk,"You could try switching to a non scented, non comodogenic shampoo. I have eczema on my face and scalp and struggled before and after starting CGM with itchy and irritated scalp. I recently switched to hair products by the company Seen as they are created by a dermatologist and they have non scented options and are formulated without Silicones, sulfates, and a lot of other stuff. Its a bit expensive but has drastically helped with the itching, im less oily at the roots and my hair has been shinier and much happier. Of course you can always speak to your doctor about it- scalp is skin. Oily roots with white flakes is usually dandruff aggrevated by fungus that can be solved with medicated shampoo, you could have eczema like me, and there are many other things a health professional can look at. And being a nurse myself there are no dumb questions so just ask your doctor:)"
LoveIsTrying,pik0vk,"Was your scalp not itchy before you started CGM? What were you doing then?

Another though: Is it possible that you have allergies or sensitive skin? I’m very limited in what I can use, because fragrance and many botanical ingredients irritate my skin, so I use Free&Clear shampoo, conditioner, and hair gel."
OwnMorning5251,pik0vk,"Cocamidopropyl betaine can cause itching to a lot of people even though it's a great mild cleansing agent, and it's a very common ingredient in low poos and stronger sulfate shampoos, so maybe try eliminating it and see how it goes. Also, do you airdry your hair? I've recently discovered that leaving your scalp wet for too long can aggravate the itchiness of the scalp. 

I've had the same problem, constant itchiness and painful bumps on my scalp, ever since switching to a low poo with a 5,5 ph without cocamidopropyl betaine and at least diffusing my roots if not the whole hair, the itchiness went completely away and my scalp feels so much better and healthier!"
justkiddingbutreally,pik0vk,"I have the same problem! Happy to know it’s not just me (but sorry you’re experiencing it as well). I tried a few different brands, and finally gave up and went back to my trusty Pantene shampoo. My scalp cleared up almost immediately!"
nettiemaria7,pik0vk," Most poos make my ends crunchy.  So I just cowash.  

  I just add some regular poo top of my head if need be while cowashing.  You really might have dermatitis.  I have it now or a scalp burn (I suspect the latter) (not from cg products).  I unfortunately am having to resort to nizoral for a little while...I dont know if can do it again though.  And have a prescription steroid ointment.  She did not know alot about dermatology but I questioned her about products to use and was told to do mild.  No scents, no essential oils etc.

But also coconut makes my scalp so itchy and red and some nuts.  It's in practically everything cg.  

Someone just suggested Dove moisturizing baby unscented shampoo as a low poo if you want to give it another try."
nitogenesis,pik0vk,"Have you talked to your doctor? If you have tried very different products and nothing worked, could be a fungus thing? I have
seborrheic dermatitis and have been using Ketoconazol (prescribed by the doctor) once a week for a few months and it's much better now. And products build up make it worse for me."
pixiepeanut,pik0vk,"I had the same problem after 2 years fully CG. I've gone back to using salon products with sulfates as well as an anti dandruff shampoo every few washes which has helped immensely.

Manes by Mel has a video which was a real eye opener for me about how CG products can also build up as they contain heavy oils and then you are not using a strong enough cleanser to remove them. This can cause scalp issues over time similarly how CG describes with silicone. 

CG was amazing for my lengths and curl pattern but nuked my scalp!! I'm trying to comment all over here so people are aware that this can happen as I'm still dealing with issues."
virgologic,pik0vk,"constant itchy scalp?&&&i've been doing the wavy version of the cgm for a while and i'm happy with the waves i'm getting but one problem i've had since the start that has never gone away is how itchy my scalp feels. every low poo shampoo i try just seems to strip and dry out my scalp or cause it to itch. I've tried expensive shampoos, cheap shampoos, protein-free and protein ones which are all cgm friendly and nearly all of them have given me an itchy scalp. At first I thought it was build up so I made sure to clarify a bit more but that didn't work either. I'm just so confused and I don't know why this problem won't go away. Any help on this subject would be really appreciated

Current routine:

Shampoo - Switched between Noughty Care Taker (this one is actually not that bad itch wise and is probably one of the better ones I've tried) and Flora & Curl Coconut Mint (this one I bought recently and has felt horrible)

Conditioner - Only Curls London conditioner

Mousse - Umberto Giannini Curl Whip

Gel - Umberto Giannini Scrunching Jelly&&&It's weird actually because before starting CGM I didn't really have an itchy scalp or anything. Occasionally in the winter I would get a dry or itchy scalp but apart from that I never really had a problem and that was when I was still using sulfates.

 I don't think I have allergies as such but I have noticed that some of the shampoos which have more natural ingredients actually tend to irritate my scalp more?&&&No I haven't ever really spoken to my doctor about it because it's usually just happened every now and again. Recently it just seems much more tight and itchy though as if nothing will soothe it. If it continues like this though then I think I will have to talk to my doctor or go back to my old shampoo but that had sulfates:(&&&i find it hard not to wash my hair at least 2x a week bc even though i'm a 2b my hair is quite fine. i could maybe try co-washing though but i was just worried it would weigh down my hair :("
whit_flinn,pik0vk,"You probably have contact dermitis, at the very least I would stop using styling products for a month. I had it too when I started doing wavy hair stuff... I’m allergic to a lot of the stylers it turns out. :/z"
wlaalw,pik0vk,Same for me! My prescription ran out and I haven't made it back to the derm to get a new one. Another product that really works for me that doesn't require a prescription is The Innate Life - Problematic Scalp Treatment... Highly recommend!
Chandelstorm,pifsj8,Lovely culrs…
Mufinmoma,pifsj8,"Try the squish method for all your products (I found this to make an extreme difference for me as I was brushing/raking them into my hair to distribute) and a protein treatment (usually once a month to once a week, it’s different for everyone but lower porosity usually is more sensitive to protein). 

Also style your hair soaking wet is the best way to prevent frizz. The bowl method is amazing for product distribution and even waves! Applying a bit of oil with prayer hands is great for frizz but beware of it weighing down your curls! I really liked the way swavycurlycourtney showed the bowl method on YouTube but I preferred I do a little gel, dip, then more on top and not dip again for a better cast."
Popular_Zombie153,pifsj8,"Fix messy waves?&&&&&&They actually look super frizzy from the front :(&&&Will try this, thank you!&&&Routine:

Recently found out my hair is wavy so I’m not really sure if I’m doing this right. Washed my hair today morning with sulfate and silicon free shampoo and conditioner. Put some more conditioner on my hair and then spritzed water from spray bottle to do Squish to. Then scrunched in pea sized amount of Aussie Leave in Conditioner. Scrunched in gel. Finally plopped for 20 min and let it air dry"
Wavyheads4,pifsj8,"It’s not seems messy to me , looks good !"
stariari,pifsj8,you have high density hair! It’s very luscious! Putting your hair into sections and styling them one at a time will give you more even product application. try using more gel to get a cast!
MrsE2010,picipe,"Maybe you are putting the pineapple too tight? What type of hair tie are you using?

I've found if I pull my pineapple too tight it stretches a lot of the hairs out. I do better with medusa clipping so I can clip each section loosely... It's not super comfortable to sleep in though, honestly so I still pineapple instead unless I need my hair to look really nice day 2 for some reason. 

Some of it is just the curse of fine hair though too. Fine hair is easily smashed by just the weight of our heads on the pillow. Mine is never as wavy day 2."
QUHistoryHarlot,picipe,I got [this](https://www.amazon.com/dp/B08816N7XL/ref=cm_sw_r_cp_api_glt_fabc_GBT0G0G10VTR28F374AA?_encoding=UTF8&psc=1) spray bottle and I put a drop of conditioner in it with water and use that to refresh my hair every day. It works wonders.
RatmiIk,picipe,"Your hair is 100% wavy, when this happened to me I thought my hair just wasn’t wavy and went back to treating it like straight hair…hello split ends, damage and puffy frizz lol. I still haven’t mastered sleeping with the satin scarf or pineappling so mine can get pretty rough looking in the morning. How much water do you use to refresh? I find I have to use quite a bit before scrunching it or else it goes limp and frizzy. I don’t get mine soaking wet or anything but using enough water has made a huge difference for me. Also if I add more product, I find something with a bit of hold and frizz control to be best. I like to do gel but mix it with some water to water it down a bit. So far I’ve been finding that works pretty well for me even when I wake up with stretched out frizzy awful hair. They key is really adding enough water for me!"
atypicalanon34,picipe,"Day 2 wavy hair not holding curls from day 1 freshly washed hair, what am I doing wrong??&&&&&&I pineapple with a loosely tied hair tie (with the elastic). But it slides out in my sleep anyway usually, and the satin scarf also slides off. But I bought some invisible bobbles and a medusa clip so maybe that will help?&&&I washed my hair yesterday - a sulphate free shampoo and silicone free conditioner. I have to shampoo every 2/3 days because my hair is both fine and oily. 

I scrunched in some L’oreal mousse for curly hair and scrunched. My hair clumped and I then prayer hands in some vo5 strong hold gel and scrunched. I plopped for 5/10 minutes then gently diffused. I SOTC. Hair looked great, really wavy (2b). 

This morning the waves had mostly fallen out, and waves looked stringy (but not product-y). I pineappled overnight and wrapped it in a satin scarf which always comes off in the night despite having tried wrapping it in several different ways. Even though it came off in the night, I still slept on a satin pillowcase.

However, none of that seemed to matter because all the waves had fallen out. I dampened my hair with a spray bottle and spritzed a bit of Noughty’s curl primer into my hair but it did absolutely nothing. My hair looks frizzy at the root with limp waves on the ends. 

What am I doing wrong? How can I keep my really wavy freshly washed hair from going flat and limp the following day? I am doing what I can to protect my curls by wrapping my hair in satin despite the fact it comes off, pineappling my hair and sleeping on a satin pillowcase. 

Is my hair just not naturally wavy?"
bmoobi,picipe,I usually seal my hair with an oil after the mousse and gel. The next morning I flip my head upside down and shake my roots so get the volume back. I then spray my hair with a good amount of water (not at the roots). If I see they are frizzy or I know it’s humid I usually scrunch with a little bit more oil and then either diffuse on cold a little or air dry depending it looks
michellevalentinova,picipe,"Your hair looks drier on day 2. Have you tried more hydration?

Are you sleeping on satin/silk? If not try that as well."
whitcantfindme,picipe,"I use very light product to begin with, so by my second day I have a light mister (ouidad’s botanical boost moisture infusing/curl energizing spray) and flip my hair all which ways—upside down, side to side, etc—while I do it. Scrunch the product in a bunch and I think it adds a little more wave and a lot more volume!!"
ydnas618,picipe,"You're hair is definitely wavy, but the issue your having could be due to several reasons. First, maybe the products your using are too heavy. Sometimes hair goes flatter faster with heavier products. Gel might be too much for you. Wavy hair does better with as little product as possible imo. Second, sleeping on it could be the culprit. I have to wash my hair daily simply because sleeping with it up and protected just ruins any/all definition I have, and re wetting it and scrunching the next day just makes everything worse. You might be one of those people that has to wash daily. Thirdly, maybe the method you are using isn't working for your hair. Try using less product and see what happens and instead of doing praying hands, try scrunching. You might just have to experiment with it a little bit."
FoxSpectre,pibwpj,"Making serious progress&&&&&&Thank you, I'm so happy with this result 💗&&&My routine is as follows:
1. Get hair wet and cover from mid length to ends in a protein conditioner.
2. Wash hair with a regenerative shampoo (currently Pantene).
3. Step out of shower, cover hair in emollient conditioner, rinse with cool water.
4. Scrunch water out of hair (no squeezing out,pulling down or twisting, just scrunch it out).
5. Add olive oil based hair oil from mid length to ends, detangle with fingers. 
6. Plop for 30 minutes. 
7. Spray a curl enhancer on, blow dry while scrunching hair. Leave hair slightly damp, and let ait dry.
8. Detangle with fingers and shake up when completely dry :)&&&Thank you :) I've been working on getting it back to health after bleaching it for a while. It's almost back to its best self, I only have a few more inches of bleached ends to cut."
Pulpfriction1993,pibwpj,Them waves are beautiful!🌊
cricket_1221,pibwpj,It’s so pretty! How much time passed between the before and after picture?
roundy_yums,pibwpj,Yes you are! Beautiful!
sufferingartist2000,pibwpj,It looks so healthy and lively. Very pretty :)
-wheres-the-any-key-,pi8xsk,You've got a great smile!
Ok_Concern5444,pi8xsk,Beautiful hair:)
Zeltron2020,pi8xsk,Hair + smile = perf
xdtla,pi8xsk,"Two flicks on different days where I actually was digging how my hair looked. (Maybe two weeks apart?)&&&&&&I don't do much, honestly. I use pretty harsh soap on my hair (Zote). As for oil, I usually use coconut oil, but I'm using a blend if soybean and olive oil right now.&&&Thank you, yo. I try to take care of it. It's been kind of messy lately.&&&https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tK69HL8XI74&ab\_channel=PokemonZZZZZZ&&&I love your nose.

Have you ever listened to Deltron 3030?"
Skatesoff,pi8suq,I mean I love the first look too lol
Zeltron2020,pi8suq,Super cute both ways
coconutjoos,pi8suq,"Tell me why 2017 me thought brushing out the wave was okay?! lol Oh how far we have come today&&&&&&Thank you ☺️ And no, I do not brush my hair out inbetween washes. If there is a lot a tangles in my hair and it is happening often, that signals to me that it is time for my hair to have a fresh cut. I notice for me, it happens less often after I get a cut. If there’s a little spot that has a tangle, I’d probably brush it out and re-wet and apply a lil product and squish again in that spot. To avoid tangles aside from a cut, I would de-tangle all in the shower as best as you can so you’re hair is ready to clump and you aren’t clumping it with tangled hair. That’s what works for me!&&&omg 😭❤️ she was giving a lil somethin lolll&&&Thank you so much! 🤗&&&Aww thank you so much!! My go to is before I put my stylers in out of the shower, I part my hair. Then when I micro plop, I try to hold them apart while I put it my hair in a cotton t-shirt upside down. After, I micro plop, I go right side up and fix and/or bend the placement where needed and lift the bang roots with my fingers. I hover diffuse the bangs first before the rest of my hair about 70%—away from my face. Sometimes I hold a section and bend it while drying if it is being wonky. After I diffuse the rest of my head, I go back to the bangs and floof them with the diffuser and shake em out a bit with my fingers. When I scrunch my hair upside down, I make sure to lift the roots of the bangs as well. 

If they are looking real bad, sometimes I just take a brush and (with a diffuser on) flip the damp bangs outwards and blow dry them away from my face. I think that works for me because I have bigger waves and the curls start a little lower on my hair.&&&thank you sm. you are so kind! :’)&&&Thank you sm!! I just got a fresh cut this week with some more shorter layers as well. Here’s the routine:

In Shower: Wash with Jessicurl Gentle Lather Shampoo and condition with Argan Magic Conditioner. Detangle with wide tooth comb while conditioning and rinse and squish hair.

Out of shower: Prayer hands Curls Blueberry Bliss Leave In and squish. Use same technique with Cantu Curl Cream, and then Herbal Essences Curl Boosting Mousse. Micro plop for 5-10 and diffuse hair upside down. Scrunch out the crunch with Moremo Hair Essence Oil and bam!&&&In Shower: Wash with Jessicurl Gentle Lather Shampoo and condition with Argan Magic Conditioner. Detangle with wide tooth comb while conditioning and rinse and squish hair.

Out of shower: Prayer hands Curls Blueberry Bliss Leave In and squish. Use same technique with Cantu Curl Cream, and then Herbal Essences Curl Boosting Mousse. Micro plop for 5-10 and diffuse hair upside down. Scrunch out the crunch with Moremo Hair Essence Oil and bam!"
incandescentgloww,pi8suq,your hair is lovely! do you brush out your hair inbetween washes? im v new to the whole wavy hair thing so how do you manage to avoid tangles?
roundy_yums,pi8suq,Lovely!
sheokay,pi8suq,So nice! Your routine?
smartcookie8,pi8suq,What is your bangs routine? They look amazing!
mencryforme5,pi7zfq,"There's finger curling where you pin the curl until it dries, and there's finger curling which is more using your fingers to get the clumps the size you want then wrapping it around to get the curl pattern back. 

The first will definitely work for wavies, but the second probably will not, unless you have 2C. However, when I was a teenager I used to section my hair into 2-3 sections and twist those and just leave it be until it dried and get nice beach waves. But the difference is that it just made my waves more consistent and less wonky, not that it actually made it wavier. Any more sections than three actually made my hair straighter, because they would just come apart and then dry wonky. 

The difference really is just working with vs working against your curl pattern. You want to encourage it do to what it actually can do, but if it can't do it on its own the effort is basically wasted."
squibble_squabble,pi7zfq,"finger curling on wavy hair?&&&I don’t know it’s exact name but it’s when you use your fingers to get a mix in of more defined curls, i’ve seen a bunch of people with curly hair use them all around but i’m curious to see if any wavies have had success with them. if so please share which method you used!!"
theoracleofdreams,pi7zfq,">unless you have 2C.

Defintely depends on if you have thick textured hair or not. the finger rolling doesn't work on my fine 2c/3a hair, but pin curling works wonders! But I agree, with the working with or against curl pattern! I learned that the hard way as a teen."
Cheshire_Cat8888,pi5uvd,"I haven’t tried it myself so take it with a grain of salt but I heard that diy flaxseed gel is awesome. There’s a bunch of recipes on yt for it


Here’s a random one (literally the first one that appeared lol) https://youtu.be/os0gI1vx1tw


I hope this at least sorta helps and I wish you luck!"
lostinlactation,pi5uvd,"I don’t know anything about mousse/gels&&&&&&I use a treseme bontanic nourish and replenish shampoo and conditioner. I shampoo maybe once a week but i rinse/ co wash pretty much every day. I swim in the ocean at least once a day. My hair gets tangled so after I swim I load it with conditioner to get the tangles out. 

Recently I have started wetting my hair and slathering it in coconut oil before swimming to see if it will help the frizz. 

I live on a remote island in pacific Asia so don’t have access to a lot of products I can just go buy and try out. I will be going to the main island soon and will be buying some products to try out and also getting a hair cut. 

I just don’t even know where to start. Right now I make my own ‘gel’ by chopping up aloe and adding a few drops of rosemary oil. It doesn’t do much but it’s better than nothing. 

I tried to stop using silicones and sulfates but I feel like my hair has gotten worse! It could be an after pregnancy hormones thing, I really don’t know. 

If anyone could recommend me a way to get rid of this frizzy poofy tangly mess I would be forever grateful. Bonus points if you can recommend products easily found in Asia. 

Thank you"
Eccentric_Tango,pi4msv,"Stick with your products you already have and focus on application - sounds like you already have nice products so this should cut down on being overwhelmed. 

As for technique - I love Swavycurlycourtney on YouTube… I believe she has a few videos about curl clumps where she goes over application and upside down styling. Your hair is not going to feel super soft/flexible with 3 stylers in (IMO)… because it’s full of product and that’s ok! 

One last thing - AG recoil and blueberry bliss are both some of my fav products however I never use them together. AG Recoil is quite moisturizing as a cream so you could try using that without a leave in. (I never use leave in when I use AG recoil).

Take a deep breath. Your hair looks great! You’re your own toughest critic. Also embrace that not all days will be good wave days! You’ll have days with your hair up to hide the mess and that’s ok too"
Stubbs76,pi4msv,I think your hair looks good!
jesseka320,pi4msv,"Feeling completely lost and overwhelmed&&&&&&Thank you. It looks well enough most days, but even when it looks good like this picture it feels like a web of tangles underneath. I can’t do anything with it to get a day 2 or 3 so I’m having to wash every morning.&&&Type 2(B or C I’m not sure), fine, medium porosity, medium density according to the quiz on Curlsmith’s website

I am so overwhelmed by all the products and techniques and information out there. I just started really leaning into my waves about a month ago and it’s a struggle. I try something and it seems to work decently for 3-4 wash days and then suddenly it just doesn’t look as good. I haven’t began strictly following the CGM as my hair just constantly feels tangled and unable to be salvaged for a day 2,3 etc. which results in me re-washing every morning. I currently use Biolage Hydrasource shampoo and conditioner, use a wide tooth comb while conditioner is in, and I leave the conditioner in while washing the rest of my body so 3-5 minutes. I then rinse, add Blueberry Bliss leave in using praying hands, squish, then AG Recoil, Herbal Essence Tousle Me Softly mousse, NYM Curl Talk gel, all using praying hands and roping technique then I squish/micro plop with microfiber towel, plop while continuing to get ready, then remove towel and let air dry and SOTC once completely dry. When I first tried this I got great clumps but the last few tries have been stringy mid-2000’s scrunched look. When I SOTC it never quite feels flexible enough and feels tangled no matter how good it looks. Like I can’t even do pineapple at night because there’s not scooping or gathering my hair into a ponytail without creating a birds nest. Another issue I’m having is deciding how to apply products. If I apply upright in the shower I have no volume and my hair is completely flat. If I wash and style upside down my hair is stuck against my head and doesn’t “fall” into place when I come upright and has no movement to be able to squish/microplop from side to side. If I use a wide tooth comb or comb with my fingers when applying products to try and move my hair from being stuck in one position then I end up with lest clumps and more stringy curls. I’m trying so hard to research but I just get so overwhelmed with all the different products and posts and YouTube videos and blogs.&&&Sorry I don’t have many pics, I never take selfies."
lanq143,pi4msv,your hair looks great don’t be so hard on yourself
inthebuffbuff,pi4mgg,If he wants to keep it as simple as possible I would recommend starting with gel. While still really wet scrunch in the gel then when it's dry scrunch again to remove the crunchy texture. Either that or try a curl defining cream which should dry softly.
neverseektotell,pi4mgg,"Cheap gel, rub like half a teaspoon between wet hands so it feels slimy, tip head upside down, scrunch into hair. See how it looks after that."
nitogenesis,pi4mgg,"I think it could be very dry? I also have very dry hair and my stylist just told me to keep the conditioner or mask in my head, without rinse out. I would also try a cut before to engage it to grow healthier. And also use gel/mousse as others have mentioned!"
okeygrey,pi4mgg,"Help with caring for hair (info in comments)&&&&&&Do you think that leave in conditioner or other hydrating sprays or creams would help? Or was the conditioner enough for your hair?&&&Thank you btw!&&&Im not sure if this is appropriate here but, this is my boyfriends hair. He doesn’t use Reddit but I was hoping to get some help/advice for him. I think that he either has curly or wavy hair. He tells me that he’s frustrated with his hair, he wears hats and beanies almost every day because he doesn’t know what to do with it or how to make it look better/a way where he could feel confident wearing it down. I’m hoping that someone here could give some advice on products or ways to care for it so that he could wear it like he wants. He currently has it cut in a quiff hairstyle so I’m not sure if that would help to know concerning the advice. Or if there were other haircuts that might allow him to manage it better that aren’t a buzz cut (he doesn’t like those but he’s considered it because of how frustrated he gets). Thank you in advance!!! 

Edit: currently he shampoos and conditions with ogx tea tree shampoo and curl conditioner but that’s all he does for a hair care routine. Also he’s new to this kind of stuff so the simplier the routine could be the better if possible.&&&Thank you!"
MrsE2010,pi45p7,"I cannot style fully upside down for this reason. I do better with side to side styling. 

I have shorter, layered hair and when I try to style upside down, that bottom layer doesn't reach all the way over my head and ends up being missed."
NorCaliChick,pi45p7,"Someone just post about a possible solution for this. I’ve tried it once and it seems to have helped.  Gotta try it a few more times before really say if it’s a keeper.
Her trick is to do a part while flipped and scrunch the back separate from the front, then go about your normal routine. Pretty sure it was on this sub though. Hope this helps."
TastyAlpacasRUs,pi45p7,"Anybody Else Struggle With This?&&&&&&I think that's my issue!

My back doesn't reach all the way to the front either&&&I use the NYM Natural Curl shampoo and conditioner. I wash my hair twice with the shampoo, then squish to condish upside down. 

Afterwards I apply NYM curl mousse by raking it in throughout my hair and clumping it in. Then I follow with Aussie instant freeze gel. This is all upside down still. I plop my hair in a microfiber towel, get myself ready, then after I've done everything else I take my hair out of the towel. I apply another layer of mousse.

Finally I diffuse my hair upside down as well as side-to-side. After getting my hair mostly dry I air-dry to get that hard cast. Scrunch out the crunch!&&&When I had my hair shorter, like above my shoulders, it curled more."
kinzeybranham,pi45p7,My very bottoms layers are always basically straight no matter what I do 😂 but my hair is pretty long rn and I'm thinking about cutting it soon. Hoping maybe that'll help
murrion,pi45p7,"I have the same problem! I think upright/side to side styling works better than upside down. Also sectioning the hair into left side, right side and back while applying gel. Using a hand mirror to just be able to see in the back while styling helps too."
sizeablekarp,pi45p7,"Hey, like some of the others say, try doing right side up/side to side styling. My hair is just like yours and it looks atrocious when I style in upside down. Right side up however I get uniform, tidy waves, just not at the top of my head which I prefer though honestly with such a low wave type. Highly recommend!"
writtenintoexistance,pi45p7,"What I find helpful is to part my hair in half or sometimes in 4 sections if I'm feeling less lazy. Clip up the first half. Apply product to each section, comb and scrunch..then I'll scrunch all over my head just to make sure I got everything. I'll finger twirl those pieces in the back or layers that have a hard time, too, this helps a lot. 👍 You can also try finger twirling with gel to really get it to hold the shape."
HryUpImPressingPlay,pi2zqt,I would try a deeper side part.  It will create a more full look and encourage a different pattern on top as well.
MelAube,pi2zqt,Please help.not sure why I keep getting nice ringlets but the top is always frizzy. No real routine yet cause I can't find products that don't weigh it down. Just hoping for some tips and recommendations if anyone has similar hair.&&&&&&Awesome thank you guys so much for all your help. I will look into the products mentioned.
NorCaliChick,pi2zqt,"That very much looks like my hair. 
I’ve had some luck with using RootRX when scrunching out the crunch. Just a very small amount, a dot, and rub my hands together to spread it out but also warm it up. 
I’ve also been put conditioner on my roots/scalp when washing. Plus a spray leave in conditioner applied like the oil, but applied right after my wash. With soaking wet hair using the bowl method. It has help a good amount. I am still trying to fine tune it, overall happy with current results. Hope this helps!"
laCrocsbItch,pi2zqt,"I have similar issues, especially days 3 and 4... Aussie instant freeze gel is my go to light weight gel, but this sub is always buzzing about that orange marmalade gel by ecoslay, so you might check either of those out. Having something like that should help with frizz as long as you allow it to dry before touching it. Also maybe invest in a satin pillow case and scrunchies for nighttime, as well as a lightweight hair oil for second and third day frizz."
Lady_Sasa,pi2x9q,"You might need very light weight products since it sounds like you have fine hair. I too have eczema on my scalp and face and recently switched to a non scented dermatologist developed brand called Seen. Since switching to their products I found my scalp is less itchy, irritated  and oily so it could even be that your skin is reacting to the conditioner! They're a bit expensive but im sure if you look more into products with less irritants (non comodogenic, non scented, light weight, etc) you might find your hair won't react so much to the conditioner."
RoseofThorns73,pi2x9q,"Maybe try using less conditioner in general. Ive found *myself included* most people use more than they should. A quarter sized amount for thicker, longer hair. A nickel for shorter thinner hair. Mid-length to ends only. Maybe try a lighter conditioner? I like hask, they make a great conditioner for curly/wavy hair. The keratin one is a tad too thick/rich. Id recommend one of thier other formulations though. I can't skip conditioner very often because my hair needs it, but if I do skip it I'll use the hask leave in conditioning spray. Its like an out of shower treatment that for me works just like conditioner. It gets rid of frizz, tangles, and it won't weigh your hair down."
doomsdayee,pi2x9q,"Tips for a conditioner?&&&So I *have* to use a medicated version of head and shoulders, I have kind of an eczema on my scalp, there’s no way around that so I know I can’t really do any shampoo adjustments. I’ve been playing around with different conditioners/curl activators, since I definitely have wavy hair, but it always dries much straighter. 

But I recently just stopped conditioner for a few days and my hair is WAY wavier- so I assume conditioner is weighing my curls down. Anyone with the same dilemma for hair? Or suggestions?"
writtenintoexistance,pi2x9q,"You could skip conditioner generally and just deep condition or condition once a week or as often as you feel necessary! For some people, using a conditioner + hair products after can be too much. A good leave in conditioner, curl creme or curl/gel combo can offer some conditioning and styling without being too heavy. I've also seen someone use a leave in conditioner in the shower instead of conditioner and just rinse some of it out. 

Another option is using a detangler conditioning product instead of a regular conditioner. They are pretty light. For example, Biolage makes one called hydrasource detangling solution - I'm sure there are other options out there but this is the only one I've used before (on accident it looks almost the same as their conditioner 😅). You basically just apply it like conditioner and rinse but it's not as thick or moisturizing."
