index,id,comments
JapaneseStudentHaru,prj0il,Typically you use both but with the wavy styling method you have product protection. I cover my strands in gel and then diffuse on low power and med-high heat for a minute or two until the gel sets and my hair is dry. No heat means gel doesn’t really work!
MsSureFire,prj0il,"^ This

Straight heat on hair with no product to protect it from heat is *extremely* damaging. It's better to use no heat at all, but if you want to use heat tools, some sort of product designed to help protect and shield your hair from heat is very important. It's also best to use the lowest heat setting needed to get the hair that you want.

There are dozens of ways to get defined curls with just products and techniques (wet brush styles, pin curls, etc), no heat needed. Mousse helps create volume and hold hair shape when dry.

I have read that if you have pin straight hair, products and heat are necessary to get any sort of curls/waves that will stay."
Pyralene78,prj0il,To what extent is gel/mousse healthier than heat solutions for wavy hair?&&&I told my straight-haired mother that i wanted to try adding hair mousse to my routine. She keeps objecting  that using hair products other than shampoo and conditioner on a regular basis would damage my hair in the long run and that I should use the curling iron if i want more defined curls some days. So I thought I could ask you guys to help me give her the pros and cons of these two solutions :)
speakthen,prj0il,Heat is definitely worse than mousse or gel. Heat damaged hair doesn’t curl/wave as much. I’ve been using mousse and curl cream for like 20 years and have never had a problem.
BlinkerBeforeBrake,priy7m,"Made some routine changes - before and after pics!&&&&&&I just moved to the west in an arid climate, and have been toying with my routine for a few months. Today I switched it up and I think it worked! Namely, I stopped using my hands for everything, and only diffused the troublesome part of my hair. 

1. Shampoo with Loma Daily Shampoo
2. Condition with Loma Daily Conditioner (replace with Mixed Chicks deep conditioner once a week). Comb through using a wide tooth comb until it runs through smoothly. Do not touch!!
3. Rinse in cool water. Leave soaking wet for the next step. 
4. Section the top and bottom layer of my hair, apply gel to all sections (adding a bit more to the bottom). Comb through. No scrunching/touching!
5. Micro plop using a cotton tee shirt before leaving the shower. 
6. Put hair into microfiber turbie twist for 5-10 minutes.
7. Diffuse upside down only. Just to get the scalp and anything that’s not exposed naturally to the air dry.
8. Let the rest of my hair air dry. 
9. Scrunch out the crunch using the same cotton tee shirt.

Now, I just need to figure out how to get the volume back in my hair! ;) Any advice is appreciated!"
MsSureFire,priy7m,Gorgeous!!
BlinkerBeforeBrake,prgaoq,Wut
HonestlyRespectful,prgaoq,Most everything they have on that app is rated badly bc most everything has fragrance. I really wouldn't depend on that app for anything. It's very biased on what products are rated highly and poorly.
Socatastic,prgaoq,"I uninstalled it because the rating system made no sense. They assigned values to products with ""no data"" on the ingredients"
WeAreStarless,prgaoq,"i think that's OP's whole point! but yes, absolutely"
nettiemaria7,prgaoq,"Whatever you do, don't install the Think Dirty App.&&&My whole house is toxic.&&&Hi.  I noticed that too.  And even if, say one shampoo has 2 other ""bad"" ingredients"" and fragrance, and the other one has just fragrance, they both are rated 8.&&&Well if you look up your hair products you may be very surprised."
ForgottenSalad,prdnny,I cut my own hair and am also glad I have natural waves to hide the wonky bits ha
Mingkittish,prdnny,Cute!
Sir3Kpet,prdnny,Beautiful!
Stubbs76,prdnny,"Gorgeous, suits you. Is that your natural colour? It’s beautiful."
allu-jallu,prdnny,"Same girl, nice shirt too"
bound82,prdnny,Mommy?
breadpresidents,prdnny,"I have to keep my hair natural so it's less obvious I cut it myself.&&&&&&Im new to this sub and my wavy hair routine in general, but ill explain it the best I can!
My routine:
1. Wash with Neutrogena clarifying shampoo (right now I wash every other day).
2. I normally don't use conditioner in the shower, but when I get out I use Creame of Nature leave in conditioner.
3. Brush my hair and part it, then scrunch it a little bit and let it air dry.

Normally it seems that sleeping in it is what brings out the waves. Looks not so great when I go to bed, but way better in the morning."
bucketofardvarks,prdnny,Ha! I do the same! Can't tell if the edge is a bit jagged if my hair is wavy crazy anyway
the_hardest_part,prdnny,You look so much like Eva Noblezada that I am not sure that you aren’t her lol.
xdtla,prdnny,"It's fucking gorgeous!


I Against I"
BitterCabbageSoup,pras7b,"I can relate to this, I hated mousse the first time I tried it and now it's the product I use the most"
Feisty-Sherbert,pras7b,"Reminder to retry products that didn’t work for you!&&&I have always HATED mousse. Never worked for me. Made my hair stringy and undefined, despite having fine hair and everyone telling me to use mousse. 

Last night, I showered late and decided to try my mousse again because why not? I was going to sleep with wet hair which always messed up my hair anyway, so I had nothing to lose. 

Well, by the time I went to sleep with damp hair, my hair was more defined than usual. I assumed it would be flattened and nearly straight in the morning like usual. To my surprise, I woke up with more waves than I ever wake up with. I did a quick refresh by spraying with water and scrunching a tiny bit of leave in, and my hair looks the best it’s ever looked.

I’d forgotten that hair needs change, and other aspects of a routine can affect whether something works for you!

Routine: last night was my medicated shampoo night (Nizoral). Usually I’d use Briogeo Apple and Kale shampoo though. Condition with Briogeo Apple conditioner avoiding my roots. Rinse out, apply Deva Curl Wavemaker to dripping wet hair, flip and apply mousse, then plop for 20 mins and air dry (and sleep on it lol)

ETA: forgot to mention, the mousse is NYM Curl Talk mousse.&&&Best of luck! I tried it again this morning and obviously there’s some troubleshooting (I put in too much), it’s clear that it’s going to work well for me with how my hair has progressed!"
Sorry_Assignment4568,pras7b,"Reading this as I put mousse in my hair for the first time after hating it months ago, lol. I hope my results are as good as yours!"
tryin2wave2u,pras7b,This happened to me with herbal essences curl mousse. Hated it at first and kept it in the back of shelf. Now it's a go-to!
BlackWhiteStriped,pr9xtb,"This looks like your tinder pic 

Nice."
CockroachesRpeople,pr9xtb,How do you remove dairy products from your hair?
Cyberfaust11,pr9xtb,"Correction:  You *thought* you were a lesbian.

&#x200B;

^(Fly free.)"
Daisyfay1414,pr9xtb,Looks amazing
Epsilon2222,pr9xtb,Damn. You look gorgeous 👍🏻
HistorySquirrel,pr9xtb,Lol this is the poster child for men’s hair care versus women’s 😆
Icy_Catch_6485,pr9xtb,"My brain just melted, dear human, you are stunning"
LionRouge,pr9xtb,"You look like Aaron Paul in a reboot of The Lost Boys, and I am here for it."
Regulator313,pr9xtb,"Pop-off, my leige!"
Rome_Ham,pr9xtb,"Thought my hair looked nice after a wash today :)&&&&&&Routine: Don't wash hair for a week, apply sweat, metal dust, and climbing chalk daily. Condition once on Wednesday and full wash on Friday night. Air dry the next day

Shampoo and conditioner are both Hask curly hair products.

Brush once, maybe twice a week with a wet brush"
Zetami,pr9xtb,"They shooould. It also takes effort to care for too, which I know some people don’t like"
bound82,pr9xtb,You've got many straight men questioning their sexuality lol
d0tjp3g,pr9xtb,Your hair is majestic!
dallyan,pr9xtb,Dreamy!
gorditaecansadita,pr9xtb,Your hair color and wavys are amazing!
helysia,pr9xtb,You look like Elliott from Stardew valley
kalopssya,pr9xtb,"WoW 


This is why I think more men should let their hair long lol"
latelyimawake,pr9xtb,"Dang dude, I’m a lesbian but you look great"
moldy_scony,pr9xtb,Wow...amazing!! how long did it take you to grow it that long?
owowteino,pr9xtb,Love your whole look 😍
thiswitchisabitch,pr9xtb,Gorgeous! Everything in this pic is beautiful!
vztekla_liska,pr9xtb,That is a Superb mane! I am envious! And the whole look suits you so well :)
HonestlyRespectful,pr7pbq,"Yep, this. Everything you're using is too moisturizing. You need to find a gel or mousse with no humectants that will give you a hard cast, or your results will be continue to be what they've been. Oiudad has a humidity defying gel or if you want to try something cheap, just to see if it works, try LA Looks sport gel, it's blue. Good luck!"
JapaneseStudentHaru,pr7pbq,"Nothing seems to work! Help with my routine?&&&So, I’ve been absolutely coating my hair in gel (curlsmith) lately and setting it with heat on low with a diffuser. This makes for a good cast, but as soon as I go outside I get frizz and my curls deflate. It’s a bit humid here. I’m not sure what to do to prevent this!

Routine:

Wash and condition with Maui Moisture lightweight hydration. Use Eva-NYE protein mask if needed.

Apply curlsmith gel with my hair upside down. Coat from roots to tip. Then squish my hair into one clump and scrunch to form bigger curls. (Have done this method with and without curl cream) Plop for 3-5 minutes with cotton shirt (I got thick hair lol)

Release hair upside down, scrunch out moisture with shirt and diffuse on medium heat and low speed.

Turn upright and part hair. Then diffuse on high heat and low speed to set gel until my hair is mostly dry. Scrunch out when completely dry. (Note: my hell doesn’t form a complete cast of my hair with this method. Some pieces are soft when done drying.)

This gives a pretty good result but my hair is puffy. Not set like at the salon. I’ve tried cold or medium heat for the process but that doesn’t set my cast at all. I’ve also tried mousse (NYM) and other gels (NYM, Miss Jessie’s, Cantu). 

What should I try?"
shattered_illusions,pr7pbq,"For a humid climate you need to avoid humectants like they are the plague. Both Maui Moisture and Curlsmith have humectants in the top 5 ingredients. (For Maui Moisture the humectant is the first ingredient!) All the other gels you mentioned also have humectants in the top 5 ingredients. Humectants are all well and good in ideal dew points (between 35F and 60F), but will give you a ton of frizz outside of that range.

Switch both your conditioner and gel (and any leave in you decide you might want to try) to a humectant free one while the dew points at your location remain outside the ideal range."
GenevaGrey,pr79xd,"I’ve been working my way through a travel-size of Curlsmith’s Hydro Crème Soothing Mask, and I like it enough to buy the regular size when I’m done with it."
WeAreStarless,pr79xd,"you can use [curlscan's advanced search](https://curlscan.com/approved/advanced?category=7&notIngredientFilter=7&notIngredientFilter=17&search=) for that! i've selected ""deep conditioner"" and excluded ""protein"" and ""dmdm hydantoin"" for you"
gardenvarietymagpie,pr79xd,"I really like this Matrix one... here’s the information on Curlscan to see if it meets your exact needs 

https://curlscan.com/product/3139"
shattered_illusions,pr79xd,I love the Not Your Mother's Matcha Green Tea & Wild Apple Blossom masque.
taradactyle_,pr79xd,I like the LUS deep conditioner
ydnas618,pr79xd,"Deep Conditioner Recommendations&&&I'm hoping someone on here can recommend a good deep conditioner that is completely protein free and does not contain the ingredient DMDM hydantoin. Those ingredients cause problems for my hair and scalp. If it helps, my hair is fine, but high density and also high porosity. TIA!&&&Thanks, I'll check it out 👍&&&Awesome, I'll check it out. Thanks so much!!&&&I have heard that one is pretty good, I'll need to check the ingredients. Thanks for the comment!&&&Thank you!!"
OatmealCookieGirl,pr443e,"Good news and bad news. Please help!&&&I posted this elsewhere too, but perhaps one of you might have experience with this...

Good news:  I THOUGHT I was mostly 2b, perhaps 2c with some spirals...But looking at today's pic I might have curlier hair than I thought!

Bad news: 
They say that if your hair is a very soft and glossy but  a bit limp it needs protein, and that straw-like, dull hair needs moisture. My hair is super soft and pretty glossy, but has been a but limp lately...I read that protein could help give my curl-waves some more ""bounce"" and help combat the weight caused by length...And I colour my hair...So I tried a ""repair"" protein treatment. I didn't notice improvement so I tested my hair and it turns out, I think my hair had too much protein and now has protein overload!!! It instantly snaps if I pull.
I had no idea you could have protein overload with soft, glossy hair! 
I instantly washed my hair again, delicately, and put on moisturising products (most of my normal products had some protein, but I did have protein-free shampoo, conditioner, a moisturising mask, mousse and gelee handy, thankfully)

This pic is the result. 
My hair curls more this wash day than normally, especially at the ends, but now I don't know if this is the moisture or the protein overload. I almost think I might have 3a-ish hair if it were shorter in this picture! Is that completely incorrect? It still is snapping woth no elasticity.

I am getting a curly cut on the 29th, but I don't want to go short ...
How long does it normally take to recuperate from protein overload? Or does it just need to be snipped away?
Do you have any advice, please?

Thanks

[today's hair, after moisturising products ](http://imgur.com/a/lXYRZPF)

Early September hair
http://imgur.com/a/vG8rlzq"
Ajjeetaem,pr3xup,"How to maintain wavy when working out.&&&Hey, guys I recently have been working out for the past few weeks. Do you guys have any tips for maintaining the wave?"
Mombod666,pr3xup,"I workout hard 6 days a week and walk my dog a few miles on the seventh day and I’m pretty sure it’s impossible. 

My hair goes like this:
Day 1: wear it down it’s super wavy
Day 2: wear it down it’s loose beachy waves
Day 3: wear it up or in a braid or with a hat or something
Day 4: wash my hair after my morning workout to make it day 1 again."
hazardzetforward,pr3xup,"If I'm working out at home and don't care what I look like, I will do a very loose pony tail with an invisibobble, and then use a claw clip to clip the tail part on top of my head so it's not swinging around. If I'm running, I just plan to wash and style afterwards, as I have yet to find a way to salvage my hair post-run. I would also recommend putting in a little bit of dry shampoo before starting your workout. Easier for it to absorb sweat as you go, then trying to do it after."
maraq,pr3xup,"I refresh after my workout if it's not a wash day. I'll use a dry shampoo (right now I'm liking bumble and bumble pret a powder post workout dry shampoo mist which I can apply directly to sweaty hair), then spritz a little extra water on the drier parts of my hair, smooth out any frizz with my hands and then scrunch in a tiny bit of conditioner, and diffuse or let air dry. Sometimes, I'll also put the tiniest bit of gel or mousse if I want more hold - but a lot of times scrunching in some conditioner and some water is enough to reactivate yesterday's products and redefine everything."
vmartinipie,pr3xup,I do a loose pineapple and then use a mini goody claw to hold it in place for stuff like hatha yoga. If I’m doing anything harder than Pilates I just plan for it to be a wash day. No way to rescue truly sweaty hair without washing that I’ve found.
girl_in_blue180,pr0m2u,"What can I do to help maintain my hair as I grow it out? I think it's wavy, but I don't know my hair type, or what products I should use.&&&"
PleasurePunch,pqzfse,"Rate my routine?&&&Hello Wavies! 

Working on my curly wavy journey, and trying to pick more accurate products for my fine, 2B/2C, medium density, and I think low porosity hair type. 

Applied when wet: 

\-  Maui Moisture Flexible Hold + Coconut Milk Curl Foam Mousse

\-  Design Essentials Agave & Lavender Moisturizing Blow Dry and Styling Primer

\-  OUIDAD Advanced Climate Control Featherlight Styling Cream

\*Denman Brush 7 row (I think)\*

Finish with OUIDAD Curl Shaper Out Of Thin (H) air Volumizing Jelly, and plop for about 10-20 minutes then fairy and hover diffusing. 

I'm also looking for a good finishing oil if you have a favorite. 

Thank you in advance for the advice!&&&Ok great, thanks for that info! I'm getting all of the products in the next couple days so I'll play around and see which process works best!"
pjj165,pqzfse,"The primer and/or cream should be the first thing you apply, not the mousse. You probably don’t need both the primer and cream, so pick which one works better for you. Then brush, add the jelly and then mousse (or the other way around, whatever works better for you). Mousse tends to be best last because it doesn’t need as much water as the other products do in order to distribute it evenly. You end up losing some water through the first few steps. Oil is typically used last to seal in moisture, and benefits high porosity hair more so than low porosity hair. However, it’s also good for adding shine to your style. If you decide you want to include that step, go for one of the more lightweight oils like pure jojoba, grape seed, or argan oil, and avoid the heavier ones like castor, coconut, or olive oil"
BeccaaCat,pqxkyp,"I wear my hair in Dutch braids quite often. 

You could put them in braids and then just wear a bandana or something over it? 

You could even braid down to the nape of your neck and then put the rest of the length in a bun to keep it all secure"
SpiralArchitect666,pqxkyp,"Protective style/products for work&&&So I work with lacquer. I paint and spray paint metal surfaces and stuff and it's really messing up my hair. I always wear it in a bun, ponytail or i clip it so the paint doesn't get in my hair. But when I sand the paint dust keeps getting in my hair and it keeps drying it out and sometimes i accidentaly brush my hair on something and paint gets in my hair and it's really hard to get out. I sometimes wear a bonnet when i know i'm gonna be sanding, but i can't wear it all the time cause it's making me real hot and my scalp gets sweaty. Does anyone know some other protective style for 2b hair accept for a bun? My hairs getting streight at the root because it's always pulled up in a bun. Also, some product for protection against toxic fumes and pollution? 
Ps. Sorry for my bad english"
ydnas618,pqxkyp,"They make hair wraps with breathable fabrics that keep the scalp cool. I'm sure a quick search online will help find where to purchase them. There are also hair ties and scrunchies that are made of silk and other protective material that might work too. Good luck!&&&Not sure if they make hair products that repel or protect against pollutants, but I would think keeping your hair covered would be the best way to go."
HonestlyRespectful,pqvz0g,"The only range I like from them is the power greens line. And I don't know if it's been changed like all the others, but the current reviews for all of this line are still good, unlike many of their other lines."
Wavyhaircare,pqvz0g,"I love the protein deep conditioner from this line! I haven't tried the shampoo and regular conditioner yet but I keep considering trying them seems how I love the DC so much. The DC isn't heavy. When googling about the shampoo and conditioner from that line, I have seen a lot of people say that the shampoo is pretty good, but the regular conditioner has a bad texture that doesn't lend any slip."
agentcherrycola,pqvz0g,"Shea Moisture Manuka Honey & Yogurt line&&&Has anyone tried the Shea Moisture Manuka Honey and Yogurt shampoo and conditioner? I’m a lapsed CG wavy/curly (although more wavy at the moment) and I’ve used the Coconut and Hibiscus line before, but found it a little too heavy for my texture. I also don’t really like the smell of coconut! I’m tossing up trying the honey and yogurt range or the shea and cupuacu range. Or the superfruit complex one but that one’s less appealing for some reason!"
fstar1524,pqvz0g,I tried the mask and it was too heavy for my waves.
inthebuffbuff,pqvz0g,"Yes I use the shampoo, conditioner, treatment and leave in. It's really lovely and more lightweight than most ""curly"" ranges. I definitely recommend it!"
lvndrbrwn,pqvz0g,I second the critique about the conditioner. Love the shampoo though!
ohheykaycee,pqvz0g,"I used the shampoo for a while and liked it! I don’t shampoo often (twice a week) and it was plenty effective for that. I’ve had the coconut and hibiscus also be too heavy and don’t like the smell either. 

Shea Moisture used to have a really great wavy hair line that was like fruit water infusion (bright pink label) and I miss it every day :("
MsSureFire,pqu6n8,"There is the Curly Girl Method (CGM) that is pinned on this sub for people who are just starting out, but from a lot of posts here, and a lot of reading, CGM doesn't seem to work very well for Wavies. I've followed the Wavy Girl Method since the beginning of my wavy hair journey, and have had good success.

Here are a couple links that have helped me:

[WGM](https://kurlify.com/en/curly-girl-method/wavy-girl-method-wavy-hair/)

[More WGM](https://thecuriousjalebi.com/2019/01/21/how-to-start-cg-method-on-wavy-hair/)

[ Hair porosity and Care](https://www.byrdie.com/hair-porosity-test-5070329)

Hope these help!"
gageisahomie,pqu6n8,"frustrated and confused with my hair&&&I have fine, blonde hair that's super sensitive(it gets tangled from water in the shower or when I turn my head upside down to put it up in a bun/ponytail) and I not too long ago came to the realization I had wavy hair. Ever sense I've been trying to get it to behave but it won't. I tried plopping it to no avail(it kinda just was sadly wavy). I went to a hairdresser who said I def had wavy hair but she didn't really know how to cater that well to wavy/curly hair. Right now, my routine currently consists of herbal essence shampoo, a keratin conditioner I got from ollie's(literally makes my hair so soft and voluminous), and using plain aloe(no dyes) gel to keep curls and moisturize but that hasn't been working the best lately. I need any advice you can give me, products, tips and tricks. anything.

also, to mention I've never dyed my hair or bleached it in any way for like a while(7-8 years) I cut my hair super short like. 5 years ago too. I also don't use heat on my hair really often.&&&see, I tried to do the ""only comb when conditioner is in"" but my hair is TOO FINE for that and gets tangled EXTREMELY EASILY. that's why I kinda stopped it and started to brush my hair with a flat paddle brush at least once a day. it brushes out the wave but it's the only way from not having huge clumps of tangles in my hair"
roro591y,pqu6n8,"My hair is like this. I’m still figuring it out. But the best so far is  wash and condition ( squish to condish)  and usually a mask once a week or  two. I like the rawsuagar mighty curls mask. Then  I  put in a leave in conditioner ( not your mothers curl talk)  I use  sheamoisture curl  enhancing smoothie and a mouse ( right now I use the cake beauty one) I scrunch, plop in a tshirt for 20mins. Plop in a net for a  20 mins and air dry or diffuse. I only comb it with conditioner in it. Either in the shower or I wet it prior and use a Heavy leave in and comb it.( Shea moisture  coconut oil leave in conditioner). I wash about 2 times a week or less. I was always afraid of too much conditioner  since my hair is so fine but it actually needs it. I use a dime size of the curl enhancing smoothie and a baseball size of mouse. I have pretty thin hair at the moment but I need quite a bit. Since being consistent and finding the right products I get ringlets in with my waves. I also do a clarifying wash once a month or so since my regular shampoo is sulphate free I find I need that with my fine hair. I use neutrogena anti residue shampoo for that. It also takes time. Every month my hair looks better"
DrBubblesPhD,pqtsn6,Current fave is the aquatic mint and sea holly NYM naturals shampoo and conditioner. I find it nice and light but good enough to moisturize my hair.
ants-in-my-plants,pqtsn6,Lately I’ve been loving Giovanni Smooth As Silk deeper moisture shampoo and conditioner. The conditioner does have protein though so when it feels like my hair has too much protein I use the Love Beauty and Planet coconut conditioner.
chellephish,pqtsn6,"I love the NYM naturals for my regular wash & condition. Clarification I use Pacifica salty waves and chelating I use kinky curly come clean, these 2 I obviously don’t use as often."
floridameerkat,pqtsn6,Maui Moisture has a lightweight hydration line and a lightweight curls line you could try.
holdtheolives,pqtsn6,"If you have a Trader Joe’s near you, the Tea Tree and Eucalyptus shampoo/conditioner is inexpensive and excellent. Bonus: you can use extra conditioner for a leave-in. 😊"
pantopicon,pqtsn6,"+1 Maui Moisture Lightweight Curls  +Flaxseed line is excellent for fine, wavy hair"
queefing_like_a_G,pqtsn6,Ag volumizing shampoo /conditioner
ssoups44,pqtsn6,Shampoo/conditioner recommendations&&&I have fine wavy hair and i think the shampoo and conditioner I’ve been using is too heavy and weighs my hair down. Does anyone have any recommendations of products i can try? Thank you!&&&Thank you!&&&I haven't used NYM lines much but i'll check it out!
HonestlyRespectful,pqsrzr,Why not use curls rock if it works for your hair? Sulfate free shampoos will remove silicones.
LoopyDev,pqsrzr,"You might like the twisted Sista Amazing Dream Curl Gel which is super moisturising for me, though the hold is minimal, so I tend to use it over a curl cream or mousse, on my just-about-wavy hair."
bravelilinstantpot,pqsrzr,I use the air dry cream when I want a softer look and don’t mind losing some definition. I used it pretty often as a single styler and can go 2-3 days with some definition. I think it still gives some definition and hold but I have 2Cish curls. I’m sure it just depends on the hair type and how much you use. I think it’s worth a shot.
nettiemaria7,pqsrzr,"Looking for moisturizing natural feel and sealing styler. Has anyone tried curlsmith air dry? Also eyeing Jessicurl. Any Curls Rock amplifier cg friendly dupe?&&&Hi there.  I have 2a b just now damaged Again ugghh hair.  I just took the dive and bought a bunch of curlsmith wash and condition products.  

I mostly cowash and add poo when and where needed.    My hair was never healthier until the redken bonding incident.  But now it's back to its former state before the final chop last month.  

I used to love this glaze it was called something wet.  I think it was sebastian.  I Looooove tigi curls rock amplifier but looking for more cg friendly.   

I usually skip stylers bc My ends (now....again) will get tangly w product.  Many stylers seem drying.  

Just looking for something without alot of coconut or fragrance,  protective, defining to put in after kkkt.  Lightweight.  Just a lil enhancing and/defining.    

Ppl are talking about curlsmith air dry but it says it has no hold but ppl are saying it does. So I'd love to know about that.

I see the pillow soft curls has fabric softening ingredients.  That Cant be good for hair long term, right?

I have had bad luck in past w  gels.

If you got this far Thank You for your patience :) hope all are well.

And I could really use some help cleaning house :)&&&Awesome.  Thank you.&&&That sound like the type I am looking for.  Thank you so much.  For me hold = next day tangles."
Mingkittish,pqrxik,I use mousse and a wave spray from ouai (this is cg friendly)
MsSureFire,pqrxik,"As someone with fine hair and low porosity, mousse is a *must have*. I also let my hair dry to about 95%, and then defuse until dry. Defusing helps keep the volume.

I do use other products in conjunction with this, but mousse is a non-negotiable for me."
Oregonfarms,pqrxik,"My hair got really thin from medications I was taking. 

I use 4 hair clips when it's wet. Just pull up sections on the sides and the crown, make like a little tent the hair.  When it dries there's so much more volume."
PhoenixFire17,pqrxik,"I find I don't have any issue with volume if I use the Cantu Curl Activating cream and a decent amount of gel, put clips in the roots (otherwise it looks limp), plop and then diffuse until almost dry. I have really fine hair so it's counter-intuitive but if I follow advice for fine hair, it actually ends up looking worse."
Stony1234,pqrxik,"I will preface this by saying a do have fine/low porosity hair, but I have a lot of it so that helps with volume. However, my hair is damaged and prone to flyaways and frizz so I have to style with gel while my hair is soaking wet to achieve nice curls, but it always makes my hair look flat. 


To combats this, I’ve started spraying a little hairspray on my hair after I have styled while my hair is still wet, then dry as usual. I feel like this has really helped me after I SOTC and fluff my hair. Also sleeping with my hair in a pineapple at night helps with volume on day 2 and 3, which is when I feel my hair looks it’s best"
True-Rub-7806,pqrxik,Idk what I’m doing with my own hair.
bright_star0,pqrxik,People with fine hair and low porosity how do you give volume to your hair?&&&Do you use any specific product for volume? I read that sea salt spray could be good for my hair but not sure about it.&&&What mousse do you use?&&&Which sea salt spray do you use?
jesseka320,pqrxik,Do you also use gel?
maraq,pqrxik,less product than I think I need + diffusing to at least 50% dry= more volume.
menchekia,pqrxik,Sometimes I just need a little more volume on top.  I use volume sprays.  I currently like Ouai's Texturizing Spray.  It's a cross between dry shampoo & hairspray & it's great.
mencryforme5,pqrxik,"I don't have issues with volume since I also have dense hair, but if I use gel and/or style from soaking wet, I have the worst flat hair with no life. It just hangs and looks greasy and not it.

I have good luck with sea salt spray and mousse, but I tend to style from dry or damp, and don't use tons of products."
ydnas618,pqrxik,"Using water-based products are best, as well as mousse or foams. Using as little product as possible is also best if your hair is fine or weighed down easily. Diffusing is great for adding volume. I like to diffuse with my hair flipped upside down and until my hair is between 80% to 90% dry."
