index,id,comments
smlstylist,lpemna,"After a couple weeks of my hair throwing a fit, I get a nice wash day. Water softener needed salt.&&&&&&Washed with Amika exfoliating jelly shampoo to clarify, deep conditioned with Design.me Gloss.me hydrating treatment mask. I applied Olaplex no. 6 upside down and brushed through with a wet brush. Then I shake my hair a little. I add Design.me Bounce.me curl cream with praying hands and scrunch. I gently glaze Ouidad Advanced Climate Control Heat and Humidity Gel over my hair and scrunch. I scrunch out extra moisture with an old t-shirt and plop in the t-shirt for about 10 or so minutes. After plopping I add a little Amika Plus Size mousse and diffuse."
cheeseheadrunning,lpdvta,"The silicone free stuff might not be what's ruining your hair but being sulfate free might be an issue. In my experience my wavy hair hates not getting a good sudsy wash once a week. It does the same thing that your hair did. I also never use oils as they weigh down my hair. 

&#x200B;

Are you looking for product recommendation or are you looking for advise on how to style and enhance your waves?"
shmemcat,lpdvta,"Unsure where to start after numerous past failures, any help would be greatly appreciated!&&&&&&Hi all!! I'm overjoyed to have found this subreddit, because I definitely lean more wavy than curly. A bit of hair background:

My hair is thick and not really coarse or soft, somewhere in between. It has been dyed with both henna and box dye, neither of which has damaged my hair. It's very healthy in general, albeit frizzy. Since lockdown started, I stopped using heat on my hair altogether and I'm starting to see some natural waves form!  In the past I've been able to get some loosely defined waves with product, plopping, and diffusing so I'm not totally new to wavy hair. Also, this picture is 80% dry, the waves do fall out a bit after they dry completely.

A few months before lockdown I started going sulfate free with my products, but it made my hair feel much more coarse. I then tried to go full CG with silicone free products both low poo and cowashing, but it somehow made my hair both greasy and weighed down AND frizzy and dry. I can't tell you how dry it was. I tried leave ins or argan oil to moisturize it, but it just felt so unclean and greasy. Definitely too weighed down to wave. I switched back to silicones after and my hair was much happier. Is there any hope of a routine for me when silicone free products seem to wreck my hair? 

I currently use:

- Garnier Fructis Color Shield Shampoo

- Dove Color Care Conditioner

I also sleep on a silk pillowcase ☺️

Thanks in advance for any and all help 🙏"
backyouup,lpdiq9,I learned a lot watching manes by mell [manes by mell](https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLlgK3eS27-SWuxR9W_zXg8Bgyf3xugCl8) on YouTube.  Shes a professional stylist who specializes in textured hair. She lives in Canada and has a series on cold curls. I live in the midwest US and have found a lot of her stuff helpful!
cheeseheadrunning,lpdiq9,After your done styling and drying give it a quick spritz out of a water bottle with just water or water mixed with conditioner to replicate humidity. Don't forget to deep condition your hair :)
schemin69,lpdiq9,"Help with flat winter hair!&&&Hey guys! I have medium fine 2a/2b-ish hair most days. In the winter it falls so flat but anytime I get any humidity in my area or sweat at all I get covered ringlets! Any ideas on how to trap moisture in dry, wintertime hair? My hair is a frizzy nightmare at the moment. Mousses work very well in my hair but thick creamy products tend to weigh my hair down if that helps!&&&Thank you I tried the water spritzing method and my hair looks so much better!!&&&Thank you her videos helped so much my hair looks 10x better today!!"
Fresh-Attention-4538,lp98cv,So cute!!! Love it!
MrsV_143,lp98cv,Not sure where you are in the world but the Herbal Essence Totally Twisted Mouse is AMAZING and it smells heavenly!! I have fine heair also and have recently learned that my hair does NOT like any gel with alcohol in it. I use about a quarter size amount of Blueberry Bliss gel in damp hair after plopping emulsified with water and it makes my wavy/curly hair touchable and defined! I love your selfie's btw! Very cute! I never understood why people scratch out their faces when it's obvious that seeing ones curls brings so much joy! I am going to try this new Johnson and Johnson baby curl defining brand. It's formulated for baby fine hair but it's supposed to still give definition and softness. There is no alcohol or any other non CGM ingredients. Also I have started using Cantu Kids Curling Cream. So far so good! It's hard for me to find a Curling Cream that doesn't weigh down my hair! Good luck on your journey fellow curly friend! 🌹[Johnson and Johnson baby curl line](https://www.johnsonsbaby.com/baby-products/johnsons-curl-defining-leave-in-conditioner) [Cantu Kids Curling Cream](https://www.amazon.com/Cantu-Care-Curling-Cream-Ounce/dp/B01LTIAUHE)
anetanetanet,lp98cv,"Just excited about this wash day! Can't believe I thought I had straight hair for 27 years lol&&&&&&I think my hair is like a 2B, those charts seem to be all over the place. It's bleached, so high porosity, very fine and gets oily quite fast. It's not super fragile, but it definitely breaks easier than when it wasn't bleached. It's gotten much less oily since I started CG though. 

Routine depends, I don't usually co-wash, but today I did.

- shampoo is Wella Invigo Aqua pure

- condition with Balea Aloe Vera silicone free conditioner

- rinse out very well and scrunch water out of hair

- apply either Garnier curl defining mousse or Nivea diamond volume.

- plop in microfiber towel for about 15 min

- let air dry

I am finding the mousses make my head very itchy (esp the Nivea), so if you have any alternative ideas that would be helpful. The only gel I've used mare my hair crunchy and weighed it down&&&Thank you ❤️❤️&&&It feels like such a revelation! My brain is still trying to convince me I'm just *making it* be like this instead of it being natural lol&&&Thank you! I love these glasses too ❤️"
aroha93,lp98cv,I thought I had straight hair until I was 17! It’s the best feeling when you start treating your hair like it’s curly and you finally see how beautiful your hair can be!
naps4lyfe,lp98cv,I really like your glasses! And your hair too of course!
Ima_Jenn,lp91tv,"Try squishing out most of water (or lightly misting to damp hair) before you add mousse.  I find it works better on damp than soaking and you lose some if the plumping of the curls if you use a towel on it after.

That could just be me, but give it a try maybe?

I was going to throw mousse out until I did that.

Cake is a good glycerin free option that is $8 and everyone raves about. Has a great cast but scrunched out soft, defined and voluminous.&&&I finally fell in love with mousse after almost throwing it away.

I did something similar. I have really fine hair.

I applied on sopping hair over a bowl in the shower (squishing and roping out water and then dunking head into bowl between)
Too 4 min (times it)
Leave-in
Curl cream
Curlsmith Bouncy curl foam (not a mousse, an enhancer)
Gel

Wrapped hair in towel 5-10 min. So sort of damp-ish

Used my Scrunchit (Denman alternative)

Scrunched

Palm ful of Cake or Joico JoiWhip (both have strong hold) Joico has Protein, cake cheaper and doesn't.

Patted/glazed hair

Diffused

Best hair days EVER.

I found mousse does better when on damp hair and needs a gel under it.

I use the bowl for speed and to get my hair to soak up product filled water.

Isn't it great when it finally comes together?"
MeowMix1998,lp91tv,"Day 3 hair. Hooray for mousse!&&&&&&day 3 hair - poured cool water over head to soak it. total of 3 pumps of herbal essence totally twisted mousse - glazed then squished in. Microfiber towel to squeeze excess water.  Diffused on cold, low.  Only flipped hair upside down for about 5 mins at end of diffusing. Sprayed with airspray (alcohol free hairspray). Voila!&&&Wash day products: LUS 3 step system. 
3rd step applied in shower after turning off the water.  While head is upside down: Use 1 pump at back to glaze, 1 pump at front to glaze, 1 pump to squish from bottom up. 
Still upside down, take microfiber towel and gently/loosely wrap to plop. Flip upright.
Let sit between 5-10 mins.
Flip upside down and undo the towel.
Take 1 pump** of totally twisted (herbal essence) mousse.  Rub hands together and glaze back, repeat on front. Pump 1 mousse into hand, rub together and massage in to roots (still upside down).  1 last pump, rub together and squish into ends via an upward motion.  Use microfiber towel to squeeze out excess moisture. 
Gently flip upright.  Shake head to each side and back.  1 pump of mousse, rub hands together, scrunch  sides and back upwards.  
Do not touch it!
About 15 mins later, used diffuser on cold setting, low speed.  Upright, focus on roots.  The work from front to back, holding the diffuser as still as possible.  Take last 5 mins or so and flip hair upside down. Diffuse with root focus.
That's it.
**1  pump mousse gave me about the size of a small plum of product.
My hair is medium-high to high porosity.  Low density. Fine strands. Curl pattern is 2c.  Frizz is my enemy, but I am working on winning the war, not one single fight. 

I had used Deva Curl for 1.5 years and experienced a loss of my curls and the hair itself after this extended use.  I had amazing results off the hop with DC.  Then it all went to hell in a very expensive hand basket.
I loved the seaweed hair masque. Miss it.  I still have some coconut curl creme left and use it from time to time.  It is a no-no in the summer, but usable in the winter. (I'm in Winnipeg, we just came out of a polar vortex where daily temperatures hit -35°C, -48°C when accounting for windchill.)

Been using LUS Curly for a couple of months.  Took a while to get the hang of step 3 application.  The support people on the website offered decent suggestions. My halo frizz went crazy at first.  It is still present, but has decreased with an increase in step 3 amount and focus on my roots.

Edit: spelling mistake, word omission.&&&Thank you!"
citrusmouse,lp91tv,Your hair is gorgeous!!!!
mimisdailydose,lp91tv,Soooooo pretty:) love it!
readerjennifer,lp91tv,I use LUS as well! Your hair is gorgeous! I have been on the fence about getting some Totally Twisted mousse. I think I just need to go for it!
roundy_yums,lp91tv,"We have practically the same hair! I just ordered the LUS curly kit (it was what they recommended after I did the questionnaire on their site) and should get it next week sometime. I will definitely try your step 3 application tips. My hair is about bra strap length, so I’ll need more product."
roseslime,lp6vha,Looks like about a 2c to me?
teacup_wench,lp6vha,"What type is my hair closest to? Does it seem like a wavy type 2 or nearer to a 3?&&&&&&*Products:*

• Co-wash with OGX Pracaxi oil conditioner
• OGX Pracaxi oil leave in conditioner 
• Aussie miracle curls defining oil & crème pudding 

*Routine:* 

• Co-wash followed by scrunching products in and plopping for 30ish minutes before air-drying"
thebesthingstob,lp6vha,"hi, as what is described in this [hair type 2](https://hairstylishes.com/hair-type-2/), yours seems to be 2c I think"
Snoo-10032,lp5kxr,I sleep with my hair in a pineapple and a bonnet. I also have a silk pillowcase on my pillow
Snowstig,lp5kxr,"I use a satin pillow case and pineapple my hair every night, and the combo of those two things definitely seem to help my hair the next moring!"
a_hio,lp5kxr,Satin pillowcases are great too because silk is expensive af! I can’t afford it and from what I’ve read online there’s no difference between silk and satin for your hair health.
cheeseheadrunning,lp5kxr,Seconding this.
cheesycringymess,lp5kxr,"How do you guys sleep with your wavy hair?&&&I have slept with my hair in a french braid loose enough to maintain shape without adding the braid shape.

But i have been wondering what other methods there are? 
Also i am thinking of getting a silk pillowcase to reduce friction&&&I definitely meant satin, sorry!"
roseslime,lp5kxr,"Pineapple and a silk bonnet, sometimes loose in the bonnet but that’s if I don’t mind less body the next day."
vega_barbet,lp5kxr,"I use a silk pillow every night, and I do a pinaple /loooose bun on some days (mostly on wash night when I really like my waves). To be honest, I don't really see a difference between the bun and just the pillow case. My hair is long and I don't have a headboard, so my length mostly hangs off the bed (not sure if I'm being clear)"
BonusAltruistic9872,lp5e70,"A little bit of protein and gel, mousse, gel.&&&&&&1. Started with the Jessicurl gentle lather shampoo and used a shampoo brush to get a good scrub. 

2. Followed this with the Moptop bamboo daily conditioner for a little added protein. I have to be careful as I can go into protein overload easily. Combed through, squished to condition and rinsed out my conditioner. 

3. Applied the Not Your Mother’s Royal Honey and Kalahari Desert Melon leave in conditioner and brushed through to distribute. 

4. Applied Orange Marmalade Gel on soaking wet hair and plopped for 10 minutes. 

5. With praying hands applied the Curl Talk mousse and with the same technique added the Biosilk Rock Hard Gel and squished gently into my hair. 

6. Plopped for another 10 minutes and diffused my hair until dry. Scrunched out the crunch and here are my results!"
LPJCB,lp5e70,"Looks great!! I have this mousse and gel, I may try this combo!"
Snowstig,lp5e70,"Your hair looks beautiful!  I tried gel-mousse-gel for the first time this weekend too, and I think I've found my routine!"
ms_congeniality_2020,lp587v,"Hey Op, I have the exact same problem.. Do you have an update whether things changed? I'm looking to combat the extreme dry frizz. I've had oily scalp all my life and this is so strange for me. Do you have any new found tips? 😛"
pilfernoodles,lp587v,"The accutane affects oil production, so that’s what is causing the severe dryness in your hair. I’m so sorry you’re going thru this!

I don’t have any personal experience but from what I’ve seen others experience, my recommendation is to stop shampooing all together and look for a protein-free, moisture-rich cowash, if you’re feeling like you need to wash. Also, look for really intense moisturizing conditioning treatments and hair oils and use them frequently. Don’t stick to the time frame they suggest—leave them on much longer. Don’t bother with anything that labels itself “light” as you’re trying to replace the oils in your scalp and hair that your body is not currently producing. Your hair needs product that is as moisture-rich as possible. 

good luck!"
thehollowers,lp587v,"extremely dry & frizzy hair makes wash day hell&&&this is honestly more of a rant than anything else but basically i've been on accutane since june and i only noticed that my hair was EXTREMELY dry in dec. to visualise, as a test i didn't wash my hair for 2 weeks and not a single sign of oiliness was in my hair it was as if i had washed it 2 days ago.

i have 3a mid/low porosity hair that switches to 2c/b the next day. my hair starts frizzing once it's not under running wate even while semi soaking wet. it's FULL of hair webbing, the back of my hair literally looks like grass. the hairs in a single strand won't stick together and stick everywhere. i started cgm only a month ago. before that i was using sulfate shampoo that contained protein, a very very light condioner and a serum that contained protein.

so i stopped all things containing protein, switched shampoo and now i use one that contains sodium lauroyl sarcosinate (semi cgm approved i'll switch it when it's finished), last 2 washes i started using TWO condioner creams then wash them off then normal condioner then cantu leave in conditioner then dry my hair with a shirt (no scrunching or plopping bc the slightest make it v frizzy) then put cantu moisturising conditioning lotion mixed with jojoba oil or water and once i put on clothes and look at the mirror my hair is full of frizz. i then have to brush my hair again and after it dries a little bit i put a satin scarf on my hair and top it with a loose bandana to keep it in place to get rid of halo frizz, then put my hair in two braids to prevent more frizz and tame the already formed ones and i make sure my hair is resting of the scarf.

every night i have to sleep with a braid or a bun or i'll wake up with frizzy hair. that's the only way i found that makes my hair look like normal hair but god i hate wash hair day sm. i wash my hair 1-2x a week. i'm pretty sure i'm not over moisturising my hair bc less than a month ago i was barely moisturising it and my hair seems to be getting better but not by the rate i'd wished

i tried using gel a few times before but i can't get a cast and I don't wanna sotc bc of what i mentioned before. i didnt mention the name of the products i use because they're local products from my country (egypt) and i'm not looking for products recommendation bc i won't be able to get them but god i'm so tired i can't wait till my hair goes back to normal again after i stop accutane (hopefully next month) if anyone has any tips tho i'm all ears&&&thank you so much for replying! i wanted to wait until my hair fully dries to reply but i can't wait. i took your advice and today i didn't shampoo, chose to use only condionting cream bc i noticed one of them was MUCH heavier than the other so i could leave it on my hair 2x the amount (hot water runs out in 25 mins so i can't keep products on for long)
then i mixed two conditioners. i just bought one that is extremely loved by ppl following cgm here but it contains coconut so i mixed it with the other condioner that i'm using (second time use) and i ran out of a leave in so I didn't 100% wash them out. i noticed way less wet hair frizz and hair webbing instantly!! i dried my hair with a microfiber towel this time then applied cantu's lotion and now i have the satin scarf on and i'm so excited to see how it'll turn out.
i unfortunately can't use a cowash bc it's not sold here and ik ppl sometimes use regular condioner as cowash but i don't feel comfortable with condioner near my scalp at all.
just to be clear how often do you think i should shampoo my hair?"
roseslime,lp49e2,"Almost two months in!&&&&&&Getting a good picture of my hair is almost as complicated as my haircare routine lol 

This is Day 4 hair. 

1. Wash with Aveda Be Curly cowash
2. Rake through Giovanni Nutra Fix, brush through, and leave on for ~10 min
3. Apply six pumps Aveda Be Curly Style-Prep with praying hands and brush through with Wet brush. This forms The Clumps. My whole head is only like five big clumps at this point.
4. Apply six pumps Aveda Phomollient Styling foam and rope into clumps
5. Carefully brush style individual clumps and separate out a few more around my crown. 
6. Microplop with old thin tshirt and air dry
To refresh I’ve been spraying a little water and scrunching. On curls that have flattened I get them wetter and scrunch them more.

Sleep with a double pineapple under a silk cap.

I did not style upside down this time and it worked way better for me. I got less volume, but it kinda fluffed up on days 2, 3, and 4. I used a diffuser to dry my refresh for a couple minutes on day 2 so maybe that’s why.

My hair is fine, thin, very high porosity and other popular styling products I’ve tried have made it dull and flat."
emanamirali,lp1ekl,"Wavy hair help&&&Hello, I have 2A-2B waves and just started the curly girl method two weeks ago. Since I'm in transition my scalp and the bottom of my hair have been getting oily the next day. I have been reading many blog posts and am a bit confused if my routine is good?

Routine:

Shampoo (dove amplified textures)

Conditioner (dove amplified textures)

Leave-in (Garnier)

Garnier curl sculpt gel

Plop for 10 mins

diffuse

Wash my hair every 3 days and apply rice water every 2-3 weeks. 

Is there something I need to add to my routine? Clarifying shampoo, co-wash, mask? Any help would be appreciated. I like to keep my routine and products very minimal."
Snowstig,lozbxh,"Hask's keratin treatment is great!  Comes in a small, pink packet and has 2-3 treatments in it.  Love it!  Their moisture one is good too.  It's not as heavy as other moisture treatments I've tried, which is good because my hair also seems to get over moisturized easily."
awcurlz,lozbxh,Have you looked at the sally's brands? They often sell curly hair faves in jumbo containers. For example biotera gel is a popular gel that comes in a gigantic quantity.
dippydapflipflap,lozbxh,"Has anyone found a package free/ minimal 1 use packaging for products with plenty of protein?&&&I have low porosity, fine, wavy hair. It gets over-moisturized really easily. Every time I find a product that I like, it stops being what I initially liked. I have yet to find any minimal packaging hair products that I like, and I’m tired of buying products I don’t like; so I am wondering if there are any that you, the fine people of wavyhair, can recommend."
queeniepeng,lozbxh,"Here's a list of stores for package free products: [www.z-index.org](https://www.z-index.org) Depends on where you are, maybe you can try buying a small amount of shampoo to try it out first?"
spiritualroses,lozbxh,I know that lush has shampoo/conditioner bars?
ScentsUncorked,loyx0k,"My hair loves protein!!&&&&&&Am still fairly new, and don't have a set routine. Plus am still using some of my older products which do have silicones, so not exactly CGM.

For this wash, I pre-pooed with an oil blend, left overnight. Had also used my heat cap along with the oil.

Shampoo: Moroccan oil repair shampoo (has silicones)
Conditioner: Moroccan oil repair masque + hask keratin conditioner + Wella Elements hair masque ( I sometimes mix mask/ conditioners to balance the protein and moisture)

Leave in: Curls blueberry bliss on soaking wet hair
Jessie curl rocking ringlets
Microplop
Auntie Jackie's curl gel

Then I let it air dry.
I had been struggling with a lot of frizz, and this is the first time the frizz is so less. Also, my hair has been getting progressively better since I started going protein heavy. My last wash had a gelatin treatment."
Creative-Damage404,loyb0f,"Me: What’s my hair type? My hair after just some leave in: ¯\_(ツ)_/¯&&&&&&Free and Clear Shampoo, Conditioner, squish to condish, detangle, let it soak in, squish again, wash out, put a small amount of cantu shea butter leave in on my ends, brush through. Part my hair, Pat my hair dry with a cotton tee and an open hand. Plop for a few minutes so I can lay down because showers wear me out lol. Take it down and let it air dry. My hair is THICK so it takes at least 10 hours to air-dry even after patting it dry. I pineappled overnight and legit woke up like this xD 

Hair type: Fairly thick strands in dense quantities with low porosity. 

I was thinking about returning the cantu leave in because people were saying it might be too heavy for my hair but I just used too much the first time. I an beyond shocked at how my hair looks right now. It’s so nice to see progress even after just a week!"
kolgeo66,loyb0f,Following as my hair looks like this 😊
Alalanais,loy303,"Brand: Wetbrush

Name: Paddle Pro (but I don't know if it's really that important in that case)

Price: 19€ (France)

Your experience/opinion: It's basically my favorite brush of all time. The bristles are really different from other brushes. They detangle super easily. I do not really use it underwater but it's good for that too. One downside but it's common for brushes, it catches the dust/lint and needs to be cleaned.  


I'm low porosity, with medium thick but super dense hair. If you have a lot of hair, don't worry, this brush will work on you too!"
BigHawk3,loy303,"Im confused about wet brushes. Everything I read says that to avoid damage and breakage you should never brush your hair wet, but lots of wavy/curly folks do this. Can someone explain?"
Glued-Up,loy303,"That brush was my game changer. Denman did nothing for me&&&Use the ""wet brush "", that has rows in between the 5 rows (I think, maybe 6/7, has a slight curve in the, hard plastic with the handle that gets slippery AF in the shower) after conditioner softens any tangles it was $10 at a Beauty Supply store. For styling and product distribution, I use the (im so sorry, it has a name but I got the bootleg version ), padded with shorter rows of boars hair (or a good replica), with one plastic covered hard bristle, $15 Beauty Supplystore. Its been on here, IG, YT, where I saw it..not a single plastic top is off, not one bristle is missing.  This brush was a game changer for me, Denman brush always left me disappointed, wasn't for me. I do have very low porosity hair, and its quite dense, kinda coarse. I really think that layer of shorter extra bristles made my hair able too fully absorb/distribute product, and its what my game changer too consistent wash days. I also use it too dry brush  with detangler, before shower too,, but I personally like too see how my huge my hair looks brushed out dry, I can check my scalp, determine hair needs before shower. I will never use a Denman for styling, I would just use my wet brush?&&&Its the bootleg ""BeHairFull"" brush.."
LemonySnicketMD,loy303,"Brand: Wet Brush
Name: no idea, it’s a Halloween edition with a sugar skull on it if that helps? Lol
Price: $12
Other information: I only use it in the shower when conditioning, works great for that!
My experience/opinion: works great in the shower when strangling with conditioner while my hair is wet. Haven’t tried it outside of that. The bristles are a little flimsy so they don’t pull on my hair too much.

High to medium porosity, fine and thin hair"
Significant_Shirt819,loy303,"Brand name price other opinion

Brand: Head Gear
Name: HG31 
Price: £5.50
Other: Available on Amazon in the UK, not sure about anywhere else. 
Opinion: Perfect comb. The shape is curved so it kind of cuddles your scalp when fluffing out the roots 😅 It's also carbon fibre and seems to be indestructible! Teeth are not too far apart and not too close together. Super ergonomic handle and it's affordable! Honestly, can't leave the house without it."
Snowstig,loy303,"Brand:  The Perfect Hair Care

Name:  The Perfect Hair Care Brush

Price:  $12.99 at [https://theperfecthaircare.com/collections/hair-brushes](https://theperfecthaircare.com/collections/hair-brushes) \- bonus, you can get their microfiber towel and the brush as a bundle for $22.99 - I highly recommend!

Other information:  If you get the towel, definitely follow the washing instructions prior to using.  The black towel will leach dye into EVERYTHING if you don't do the pre-wash soak.  It will even stain your sink (ask me how I know) if you have a light colored basin.

Your experience/opinion: I love this brush!  It's similar to the Wet Brush - it's great for getting out tangles without damaging hair, as well as distributing product evenly while in the shower.

2a/b, low porosity, med-high density, below shoulders"
SunLife_Collective,loy303,"Brand: Behairful 
Name: behairful brush? They only sell one brush, just two different sizes, one being normal sized and one being mini. 
Price: $28 

Other info: I wish I would have gotten the package deal with the mini brush, I think the smaller brush would be excellent for curling in a similar method to using a hair straightener to curl, if that makes sense. Also this has what appears to be small clumps of boar bristles, but I’m not exactly sure what the material is. I know in the CGM guidebook deal it says to avoid boar bristle brushes at all costs, but this one was specifically designed for waves/curls. 

My experience/opinion: My hair is very fine but I have kind of a lot of it! I’m still trying to figure out density but for now I think it’s in the middle. My curl pattern/type is anywhere from 2a to 3a. It just honestly depends on the protein/moisture combo, what products if any are in my hair, and the technique I’ve used. So, thoughts on this brush! I used it to dry brush before my wash, the plastic needles were a little longer than I was used to, and it scratched my scalp a little bit. Once I got the hang of it though it was good. It made it really smooth, didn’t pull or tangle too much, and was nice. After washing I sectioned my hair, brushed through each section with the brush first before applying any product, and it’s amazing how it separates the strands of hair as it’s going through, but as soon as it’s through, it just clumps up together so nicely and in my hair wanted to curl right up with no product in it yet. I held the section up and away from my scalp, and just brushed out. I didn’t turn the brush or anything yet and I was amazed. I then used praying hands to apply product to each section, brushing through again each section after the product was applied to evenly distribute it. So at this step if I use a wide tooth comb, I notice that the comb like collects the product and doesn’t really distribute it through the hair. The brush barely picked up any product and instead distributed it so nicely and evenly. 

I’ve seen a few YouTube videos where then you take the section of hair, still holding it up and out, turn the brush upside down, and twist it as you’re pulling through the section. Then kind of hold the clump and wiggle it a bit and it curls up. So I tried that, but with my hair I think the brush was too wide to do that, and I tried twisting it around the handle, but that didn’t quite work for me either. I then resorted back to just brushing through a few times per section just straight up and out with no turning, and my clumps curled up beautifully on their own.

I scrunched with hands and microfiber towel afterwards and then diffused a bit and air dried rest of the way. I’ve since tried applying product the way I used to, just praying hands and raking, and then scrunching, and it’s crazy how much of a difference I could tell the brush had made when I didn’t use it. 

I honestly think this is perfect for wavy hair, I can imagine it might be too much for really tight curls and coils. But for some reason the way it just glides so nicely through and then creates such big clumps, it’s like magic. I highly highly recommend!"
WeAreStarless,loy303,"Building the Wavy Favourites List — combs and brushes&&&Hi all,

Um... welp. These posts are really getting fewer and farther between each time, huh. I'm not even sure if I used that expression right, but it sounded good. Alright, let's recap all the previous ones we've done:

* [Cleansers (shampoos and cowashes)](https://www.reddit.com/r/Wavyhair/comments/ivs46p/survey_results_request_for_shampoo_recommendations/)
* [Regular and deep conditioners](https://www.reddit.com/r/Wavyhair/comments/j07iiq/building_the_wavy_favourites_list_deep/)
* [Leave-in conditioners](https://www.reddit.com/r/Wavyhair/comments/j543yc/building_the_wavy_favourite_list_leavein/)
* [Styling creams](https://www.reddit.com/r/Wavyhair/comments/j8ti32/building_the_wavy_favourites_list_styling_creams/)
* [Mousses and foams](https://www.reddit.com/r/Wavyhair/comments/jhyvzy/building_the_wavy_favourites_list_mousses_and/)
* [Custards and gels](https://www.reddit.com/r/Wavyhair/comments/jne14v/building_the_wavy_favourites_list_custards_and/)
* [Serums and oils](https://www.reddit.com/r/Wavyhair/comments/jvyzz7/building_the_wavy_favourites_list_serums_and_oils/)
* [Hairstylists](https://www.reddit.com/r/Wavyhair/comments/kg8nec/building_the_wavy_favourites_list_hairstylists/)

This week, at the great suggestion of u/princess-sanguine, combs and brushes! Same as all the previous times, I would like you to fill out this little list of information about your suggestion:

>Brand:  
>  
>Name:  
>  
>Price:  
>  
>Other information:  
>  
>Your experience/opinion:

If you are from a country that is not the USA and the product is only available where you live, please mention which country and recommend it anyway! We are sorely lacking non-American resources.

And then this is optional, because I don't even know what I'm going to do with this information in regards to the products, but I figure I might as well ask and see if I see any kind of trend.

>Your porosity (low to high):  
>  
>Your strand thickness (fine to coarse):  
>  
>Your density (thin to dense):

As always, if you have any sort of feedback, please let me know! [Modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=/r/Wavyhair) is always open. Thank you so much for all your help and suggestions and for being an amazing community ❤️&&&Hi, could you please fill out this little form

>Brand:  
>  
>Name:  
>  
>Price:  
>  
>Other information:  
>  
>Your experience/opinion:

about all five of the combs / brushes you use? Currently, we can't do anything with this information 😕"
andreinaju,loy303,Wet brush is my go to
babycow15,loy303,The new biodegradable wet brush is amazingggg it's so gentle and great for finer hair that's prone to breakage. I also love the colors :)
bonnfires,loy303,"Someone already said this one, of course, but I'm gonna endorse it too for emphasis

Brand: denman

Name: original styler 7 row

Price: $20 usd

Other information: idk it's very popular and there are other varieties but I've only used the original

Your experience/opinion: I was skeptical that this brush would do anything for me because in beauty school I knew it as a go to for natural blow outs (aka it smoothed and straightened even the tightest coils) and I didn't think it was for wavies especially me with my chin length fine hair. I decided to try it out anyway because it's not too expensive and seemed good for even product distribution if nothing else. But besides that, it actually does help my waves clump more evenly and end up looking nicer overall. It takes practice to figure out how best to use it on your hair but it solved the problem I had with stray hairs and sections being out of place and drying into a mess when I was simply finger combing and micro plopping. I was surprised by how much definition I got out of it. Now I don't know what I'd do without it, I encourage any skeptical wavies to give it a chance because it might be a game changer for you like it was for me.


Your porosity (low to high): high

Your strand thickness (fine to coarse): fine

Your density (thin to dense): medium/thin (I still can't figure out what the standard is lol)"
buttermybackside,loy303,I *love* my Wet Brush. It's so much easier to use (and nicer to my hair) than the rigid wide tooth comb I was using before.
feather_bacon,loy303,I love the wet brush for in the shower and making sure products are evenly applied. I bought the “pro” version which I believe is exactly the same except it has a silicone grip that I really like. It was about $15-20 AUD
lightbluelemon,loy303,"Brand: Tangle teezer
Name: back combing brush/The Ultimate Teaser
Price: around 12 €/$
Other info: has 2 rows of long sturdy bristles and 2 rows of short ones, and a rat tail for parting. As the name suggests, it is originally intended for back-combing. 
My experience: I bought this brush back when I used to force my hair straight to give it some volume, but I've rediscovered it for my wavy hair. I have thin, fine hair, mostly 2C with some 2B and 3A mixed in. I love this comb/brush because it is super versatile: it is great for detangling, sectioning and styling my hair, but I also use it almost as a curl pick to lift the hair up at the roots and get some volume."
livewithluck,loy303,"When I style my hair wavy, I use a detangling brush in the shower with a conditioner. After my shower, I use a wet brush to comb in the leave-in conditioner and a curling cream. I then use a Denman brush to style. 

If I'm lazy and don't want to style my hair wavy, I will use a wooden wide-tooth comb to detangle with a leave-in conditioner. On the following days, I will use a wooden bristle brush."
melclarklengel,loy303,"Brand: Red By Kiss

Name: Volumizing Detangle Non Slip Brush 7 Row 
https://redbykiss.com/detangling-two-tiered-teeth-brush-1.html

Price: $5 

Other Information: I found this at Kroger; they and Walmart have a 9-row version as well. I think it’s also on Amazon. It’s basically a Denman brush, with a similar shape and removable rows, but cheaper!  

My Experience: I just got this recently so I’ve only used it on I think 3 wash days. I’d seen some posts on this sub about Denman brushes, which I’d thought were more for curly hair than wavy, so I wanted to try it but not shell out for a Denman. Glad I found this!!! I’ve been struggling to get good clumps and was surprised at how much this helped. For me so far it seems to work best in the shower in between applying leave in and gel. I watched some videos (just searched “Denman brush wavy hair”) but my hair is above shoulder length so the various twisting techniques I saw do not work for me. I just simply brush through, but try to give each brush stroke a sort of little flip or twist. Definitely gonna keep this in my routine!

ETA: 

Porosity: my hair is bleached so it should be high porosity, but after lots of reading and experimenting, it’s kind of behaving more like medium porosity.

Strand thickness: fine

Density: no idea, I haven’t looked into this yet"
moon__kitten,loy303,"Another vote for wet brush! I have the pro version and use it on wet and dry hair. Doesn't break off or pull out as much hair as others I've tried. 

Medium porosity, fine, thin hair"
mrspbr,loy303,"Brand: Tangle Teezer
Name: original
Price: $14.99 CAD
Other Information: double height flexible bristles
Your Experience/Opinion: a decent detangler with both wet and dry hair.  It takes me less time and conditioner to derange the winter matted hair from hats and scarves. The original can hold on to water, so I don’t use it under running water. Helps with detangling when having significant hair fall. 
Porosity: low to very low (virgin hair)
Strand thickness: coarse
Density: medium (used to be high, hormonal and stress hair loss)"
nt2291,loy303,"The perfect haircare brush is my favourite. The bristles are super flexible and it never snags or pulls your hair, I also like the wet brush and the denman brush as well. But the perfect haircare brush will always be my holy grail brush."
pilfernoodles,loy303,"brand: curl keeper

name: flexy brush (and its identical kid-sized companion, the kinder brush)

price: $21 ($14.99 for the kinder) 

other info: Canadian company, also sells to US, frizzoff.com 

experience: this is The. Best. Brush, hands down. Very flexible bristles and brush head without being flimsy; easy to keep clean with no places for water or product to collect and get gross, which means zero worries about mildew if you keep it in your shower. Honestly, this brush is a HG item for me. 

about me: high porosity, fine, dense hair"
smil1473,loy303,Second the wet brush
tiny_al,loy303,"Thanks for sharing this! Sounds like we have similar hair (except for length) - how do you use it? 

I’ve seen girls with coarse resilient curls tension a wet lock and distribute gel with this brush, which I’ve never tried, but which looks like it might straighten my waves out... but I’m glad to hear there’s a technique out there for those of us with this kind of hair!"
tryin2wave2u,loy303,Second all this. I use this brush to distribute conditioner and then to form clumps before glazing and scrunching product. And I love the hair towel too! Plopping is so much easier and the tie in the back keeps it from moving around.
Bike_Pretty,loy2vj,Using a scalp scrubber with T-gel really cut down on scalp itchiness for me. I am able to stretch my wash days even more.
Heilah,loy2vj,"Hello, fellow t gel user here! It's a non-negotiable for me with the ol' scalp psoriasis, so I wouldn't worry about having to use it. What I would say is that when I'm using it, it dries out my hair insanely. So I counter this by following it up with a good deep condition, taking care not to get anything on my scalp, or doing a marathon squish to condish with my normal conditioner. 
I've done the occasional bowl method for hydration with pretty good results but that's quite time consuming. And I always use a leave in conditioner!"
crystalballerrr,loy2vj,"You may actually have an allergy to the Itchy Ms

Methylchloroisothiazolinone (MCI) and Methylisothiazolinone (MI) 

They’re common ingredients in a lot of products. I found out about them when I switched to CGM and it changed my life! And scalp lol 

Try switching to stuff without it and see how you do :)"
fatty_bird,loy2vj,"Are you applying mousse/gel when your hair is damp or still soaking wet? Different people have better results with one or the other, so I would recommend trying different ways to apply and see if any particular technique helps. You can look on youtube for different techniques! You could also add a leave-in conditioner to help keep the clumps together and prevent tangling, especially as it’s drying. All in all, even though it can be frustrating, trial and error is really the best way to know what works for you and what doesn’t! As for the scalp issues, I don’t use CGM-approved shampoos most of the time because they usually cause my scalp to be itchy over time. Your scalp health is important for your hair health, so I would prioritize that over following CGM strictly."
jess151,loy2vj,"No idea where to go from here&&&&&&I’d say I have 2B low prosperity hair and I just can’t get good definition and it’s quite frizzy.

Routine:
Tresseme shampoo to clarify maybe once a week. Johnson’s baby shampoo for the other times
Banana hair food mask to condition and squish to condish. My hair gets really tangled so I like a thick conditioner. Then I’ll use gel or mousse and plop for a while but when I take it out it doesn’t look very good anymore. I’ve tried micro plopping and that makes it look less messy but still not very much definition like the clumps I get when it’s soaking wet. I’ve tried various gels and mousses and none seem to help, some make my hair feel really dirty and hard. 

The other problem I have is my scalp can get so itchy, the best thing for that has been the t gel tar shampoo which I doubt is cg friendly but regular shampoos like head and shoulders do nothing for my scalp. 

Also I tried a homemade protein gelatin treatment, not sure it did anything but I didn’t leave it to soak in for very long so will try again if it looks like I need more protein&&&Thanks that’s good to know, I usually do condition my roots so maybe that’s part of the problem&&&Potentially, my hair gets greasy quite quickly so I find it helps with that but I could try cutting down"
mtmirror,loy2vj,"Your hair looks so much like mine, and I have the same issues! Looking forward to seeing more responses to your post --"
roseslime,loy2vj,Do you think you might be clarifying too often?
AirportAny850,loxlwb,"The underneath layer of my hair is straight too! No matter how much product I put on it, when it’s dry it’s straight. Based on my research into causes it could be bc the hair is closest to my neck/body and the body heat causes it to become straight which is interesting to me"
Fai1eBashere,loxlwb,"Anyone else stuck in the limbo between curly and wavy hair?&&&&&&My routine: wash and condition with Aussie Miracle Curl. I’ve tried a bunch of shampoos and conditioners and this one seems to really make a difference with getting my hair curly for some reason. I rinse the conditioner out with my head upside down and then liberally apply Aussie Instant Freeze and then Marc Antony Curl Cream. I diffuse with my hair upside down and then let it air dry the rest of the way. After it’s totally dry, I scrunch out all the crunchiness.&&&Thanks!&&&Did you mean to sound condescending?"
Grateful_Breadd,loxlwb,Oh my god same!!!
GroundbreakingEmu929,loxlwb,"Yes, it's so annoying! I have some big spiral curls in front, sides of my head are wavy and then the underneath layers are almost straight, just a tiny wave at the ends. I need a really good haircut or something that can make sense of it all."
Jeschalen,loxlwb,"I think it's just called having wavy hair, which is perfectly okay."
NotASlaveToHelvetica,loxlwb,Same. I have legit ringlets and also nearly straight bits. It's mad frustrating
PeriLeigh,loxlwb,This just looks like waves to me
__turd__ferguson___,loxlwb,"Your hair is exactly how I want my hair. I haven’t colored, bleached, or styled my hair in over two years so I could completely grow it out and start fresh.... specifically so that I could have this hair color. And your hair looks sooo healthy still!! So beautiful!"
emberallis,loxlwb,"Mine is the same, but opposite! The top layer of my hair is just barely a 2b, but the part right around my face and under is a strong 3a/3b in some places."
gingergirl181,loxlwb,"SAME. My hair is a pixie right now so my waves mostly just give me texture and volume but when it was long (and before I ever heard of CGM) it was always a total crap shoot whether I would end up with full-on ringlets, beachy waves, red carpet hair, awkward poof, or mostly-straight-with-weird-flips. Or some combo of the above."
grayandlizzie,loxlwb,"My hair is combo 2C/3A so I hear you. I had 3A ringlets as a small child. My parents referred to me as ""Shirley Temple"" and ""the Campbell soup girl"". But it's changed throughout my life and now that I am 40 it doesn't know what it wants to do."
hi_im_kai101,loxlwb,"just have to look under, if it makes circles, it’s curly!"
kittyj2345,loxlwb,Your hair looks great!
lillymilly7,loxlwb,Not trying to invalidate your feelings about your hair... UMMMM can I have your hair?? It's beautiful!
marymargaret926,loxlwb,Not two minutes ago I was cursing this one section of my hair that will.not curl and saying the same thing! I’ve learned I can’t scrunch out the crunch there. I have to leave it alone or it falls completely flat!
midnightpanic,loxlwb,I’m anywhere from 2A-3A
mistyann4,loxlwb,"So much yes! The hair at this he base of my
Neck won’t wave or curl recently. (Recently moved well water to the city) and it’s stressing me out.
Your curls are looking great! Why are they so fussy?!"
natalooski,loxlwb,"let me just say though: your hair is GORGEOUS! it's got a great, even wave pattern, plenty of volume, and looks soft and healthy. it's possible that it's ""supposed"" to be curlier, but I don't think so by looking at this. you hair looks content and might not want to be any curlier than this. :)"
readerjennifer,loxlwb,It really is gorgeous!
saprobic_saturn,loxlwb,YES! SOS
sunnysunnysunsun,loxlwb,Have you ever tried diffusing with a metal strainer/sifter? We have a very similar wave/curl and it works great for me! You can look up how to do it on YouTube.
tanyamothertucker,loxlwb,I have approximately 12 different curl patterns on my head ranging from 2a-3b. It’s stupid and frustrating.
m0lr4t,losjtb,"Gelatin mask didn’t work??&&&My hair has been feeling super soft and not holding a curl. I thought that maybe it was over moisturised as my cowash/conditioner I use has no protein in it (Tresemme Botanique Restore & Shine), so I did a gelatin mask (1Tbsp gelatine powder & water). I clarified, put the gelatin on for 15 mins, rinsed it out, put some conditioner in for a minute then rinsed it out. Now my hair feels and looks exactly the same, if not worse ie straighter. What the heck am i doing wrong and how do I fix this?&&&Also my hair is fine and low porosity (I think)."
