index,id,comments
FlyinPurplePartyPony,qp4hw6,"My 2a hair is very high porosity, fragile, dry, super thick and extremely greasy - overwhelmed!&&&I've tried to start CGM, but have found my hair is too greasy for sulfate free products every time I've tried to use them. If i go a day without shampooing I look like Severus Snape! It's also such high porosity that it takes 6-12 hours to dry but frizzes up if I so much as think about a hairdryer. Defusing seems to be the worst culprit for this. I work early hours and because of my schedule I have no choice but to wash my hair right before bed and sleep on it wet. I end up just brushing my janky-ass waves out into a puffball and pulling it into a ponytail every single day in frustration! Haven't tried gels or mousses yet, but even normal conditioning during my shower weighs down my hair so I'm hesitant to use additional products. Any suggestions or should I resign myself to daily ponytails?&&&I might try that out but with my hair and workout routine every day is wash day 🥴🙃. I do sleep on a satin pillowcase and have found that it makes a very modest difference."
insaneintheusername,qp4hw6,"Wow, about 85% of your post applies to my hair and I am also at a bit of a loss of where to go with it at the moment. I look forward to seeing if anyone has suggestions or sharing anything that works for me."
teashoesandhair,qp4hw6,"Try using a gel which gives you a really good cast and then diffusing; the gel should help with the frizz you usually get from diffusing. You can also sleep on the gel cast if you use a satin hair wrap or satin pillow case! It won't be perfect, but that's pretty much what I do; like you, I work stupid hours and don't have time to air dry. I do try and schedule my routine so I can get a good wash day on my day off, though!

As for going sulphate-free, I think that wavy hair is a bit more forgiving than curly hair in that department, so if your hair just prefers sulphates, then I don't think you should worry too much about using them."
theoracleofdreams,qp4hw6,"My hair is low density, but my super fine, high porosity hair that was breaking, prone to thinning, very dry and frizzy, but would get greasy with ANY product other than gel. But I started to really adapt the CGM that best fit my hair.

* My hair needs a good sulfate wash 2x a week or it's a greasy mess. I do a clarifying wash (Suave daily clarifying) on my first wash day of the week and a softer wash (Monday Volume Shampoo) on the second wash day. Clarifying day is on Sunday, and regular wash is on Wednesday, leaving my greasiest hair for Friday (being a casual day for me at work) and Saturday.
* Try a protein deep conditioner, my greasy hair started to go away as I was using this. What I can figure is, my high porosity hair needed the protein to accommodate something my body wasn't giving it, once I started adding this to my wash week, my greasy hair went away. I always use the protein deep conditioner AFTER my clarifying was day.
* Then my regular routine, Plop for 10 minutes in a microfiber towel, scrunch out any extra water, Curls Blueberry Bliss leave in conditioner, brush to distribute, Shea Moisture Hibiscus and Coconut curl smoothie (minimal amounts), brush to distribute, spritz hair with some water, and then glaze with Aussie Instant Freeze gel, then wet brush my hair in sections to set the curls, scrunch some of the flatter clumps and then hover diffuse my hair (I avoid touching my hair with ANYTHING, including the diffuser) until I'm about 80% dry. I have it on low speed high heat and hover my roots first (my low density hair cannot be wet or I lose hair) and then try to get my hair as dry as possible to create and set the gel cast. Once I have a good gel cast from the diffuser, I then air dry the rest of the night before bed.
* I wear a satin lined bonnet to bed and sleep on a satin pillow case because I toss and turn at night and my bonnet comes off  every now and then, at least my pillow case is there to help.
* I also do not use dry shampoo as it dries out my roots causing frizz.

Also, I work in a donor facing position for a Tier 1 Research Library, I see A TON OF DONORS AND GOVERNMENT OFFICIALS, I have to look presentable as well, and believe me, no one notices when your hair is greasy. But that is also why I adapted my clarifying days to Sundays and Wednesdays. It pushes my greasiest days to the end of the week and my best days are day 2 and 3 hair before I need to wash again, and since its saturday, I can give my hair a break and let it stew in its juices before I clarify again on sunday. On Wednesdays, if my hair is especially bad, I can put it up in a curly bun and no one the wiser.

Also Adding:

I saw below that you work out everyday, so I live in SE Texas, and during the summer, I have to wash my hair daily due to sweat and grime from walking in this humid heat, but I stuck to the clarifying schedule above. On my off wash days, I would rinse my roots out under cool water (My hair has been in humid heat all day, they need a break from the hot) over my entire head, like I was shampooing but just with gentle friction and water and I'd squish my hair on the lengths just to move water through and rinse out any sweat that may have accumulated. Then I'd follow up with a good conditioner (I'm enjoying Garnier Fructis Damage Repairing Treat Conditioner + Papaya Extract) rake or brush in root to tip and Squish to condish to rehydrate my hair and the damage I received by the elements. I'll leave that in my hair as I finish my wash routine, rinse out, and then follow the routine above.

ETA: I tried to make sure that all my styling products are water soluble as well to help battle the greasiness during the summer. That way when I rinse out, I'm also rinsing out most of the products as well."
MsSureFire,qozn8t,"Amazing and beautiful! So easy to see how happy and healthy your hair is!

Congrats!"
guess_this_,qozn8t,"1 year wavy!!! 🎉🥳 When I began this journey last year I was super frustrated and convinced it was gonna fail but I’ve come a long way. Enjoy some pictures of my first time air drying my hair with my hair today. Thanks to this sub for all the help, from a serial lurker.&&&"
teashoesandhair,qozn8t,What a difference! I'm glad it's working so well for you!
BlinkerBeforeBrake,qoz5rx,"It’s assuring seeing another trich here! If you stopped pulling, do you have advice for the rest of us? 

I’ve been super worried about my bad habit damaging my hair beyond repair. This gives me hope."
No-Difficulty182,qoz5rx,"I like your look.
Perfect color and full body."
Sci_Twi_007,qoz5rx,The t word in wondering what that even is. I've masses of wavy hair and need to know everything.
SinistralLeanings,qoz5rx,"Your hair looks amazing, you are beautiful! I never would have thought you had trich if you hadn't mentioned it. Fellow sufferer here who is proud of you!!! Xo"
_un1ty,qoz5rx,"Not a trich but dermatillomania sufferer here so I get it..

 and you are right, screw trich, your hair looks amazing!"
cstschmerz,qoz5rx,"Your hair looks amazing and totally my hair goals! As a fellow sufferer, this gives me so much hope too. I tried to maintain my waves for years but the long and wavy strands triggers me a lot. Recently had a pixie and starting all over again."
hopeless_and_in_love,qoz5rx,You are absolutely stunning by the way
jbei9981,qoz5rx,Your hair looks gorgeous! Any tips for overcoming the trichotillomania?
jubjub9876a,qoz5rx,I have no advice as I struggle caring for my own hair over night. But I wanted to say you have absolutely beautiful hair and I think that your hair cut really suits you!
laviyu,qoz5rx,"Just wanted to say your hair looks amazing and congrats on your progress. I hope things get better, as a fellow trich sufferer"
lemmonbelles,qoz5rx,off topic but i love your jacket!
lirae666,qoz5rx,I love your hair! You look amazing!
manduhg,qoz5rx,Gorgeous and jealous!
miaret,qoz5rx,Your Beverly Crusher vibes are strong.
pheeshes,qoz5rx,"It looks so soft, bouncy and healthy! Good work!"
plutoniumwhisky,qoz5rx,"Lmao at your flair. 

Your hair looks so good!"
princesscatnip,qoz5rx,"Your hair is lovely and looks very healthy! As someone who has struggled with trichotillomania, your post made me very happy."
teashoesandhair,qoz5rx,"It feels like I've finally made friends with my hair... take that, trichotillomania&&&&&&Thank you very much! :)&&&Thank you! I hope you're doing OK on your own trich journey; I know what an absolute pain it can be. I weirdly find that taking more care of my hair and nurturing the waves helps me to resist my trich urges quite a lot (except for when the gel is in...)&&&I like to think Shakespeare himself was a wavy gal. Thank you!&&&Thank you ever so! I hope you're doing great!&&&Thank you! I know, I'm so amazed that I actually have hair now, ha. 16 year old me would not have believed it.&&&I haven't stopped pulling, but I've definitely got it more under control. It sounds a bit wanky, but the best thing I found was just being much nicer to myself about it, and accepting that I'm always going to pull and it's not a personal failure on my part. I genuinely found that once I stopped aiming to be pull-free, my pulling really lessened. I'm not saying that'll work for everyone, but the path of trichotillomania acceptance was a good one for me!&&&Haha, the greatest compliment of all! I wish I were quite so accomplished.&&&Thank you! Honestly, I just found that accepting my status as a perpetual trichster and trying to incorporate that fact into my life rather than try and stop made it much less of a problem. I still pull quite a bit, but I have a very que sera, sera attitude about it, ha.&&&Hair type: oh, who knows? A mixture of fine blonde hair and very coarse dark brown hair. 2A-2B, I think? High density but variable on that front due to trichotillomania. 

My routine:

Wash once or twice a week with a very un-CGM friendly medicated shampoo, then condition with Noughty Wave Hello conditioner by squishing it in. Do the praying hands application like a good atheist with the Noughty curl defining taming cream (I usually use the Uncle Funky's Daughter Good Hair styling cream, but I've run out and it's expensive!) and scrunch, then apply Ecoslay Orange Marmalade the same way and scrunch. Pixie diffuse until it's about 80-90% dry, air dry the rest, and then SOTC with the Garnier Ultimate Blends hair oil. In this photo, I'd also deep conditioned with the Noughty To the Rescue deep conditioner before applying the curl cream and Ecoslay.

I've yet to find a method of refreshing that works particularly well and my hair always looks a bit like hot garbage after sleeping on it, so I'm very open to suggestions on that front; using water just makes it frizzy!&&&Haha, thank you! It's the silk robe I wear to lounge about my house and pretend that I'm a Victorian aesthete.&&&Thank you ever so! Good luck with the pixie cut - I found that getting my hair cut really does help a lot.&&&Thank you! Pls do not be jealous though, this was a particularly good hair day and I do usually look quite a lot more like I'd be at home in a swamp.&&&Thank you muchly!&&&Trichotillomania - it's a condition whereby the sufferer compulsively pulls out their own hair. It's a bit like nail-biting, only much more annoying to deal with!"
somethingyelling,qoyuex,"Do I Need Protein?&&&I have super fine, thick 2a/b waves (mostly unmaintained right now, just Shea Moisture Coconut and Hibiscus shampoo and conditioner and almond oil as needed, I live in the desert right now so I don't have to worry too much about the frizz that comes with not styling). Lately though, I think I need more protein or moisture or something. I have a decent amount of split ends, but the main problem is the back ends of my hair. They're super frizzy and tangly, and feel almost like steel wool when I try and finger comb through them. I don't think moisture is the problem because half the time it feels like my hair is way too oiled down from my products anyways (that's another problem for another post). Could this be due to lack of protein?"
BBQTofuJerky,qowgh1,"I feel like ""memory"" is more to do with actual heat damage. Opt for the blow dryer instead of the flat iron and only do it once in a while.  As long as your hair is HEALTHY it'll be fine"
hotpinkmirrorpeople,qowgh1,"How much does “memory” affect waves/curls?&&&Hey all! So I’ve been taking proper care of my hair for about a year now. I was never big on straightening, but I used to frequently bleach my hair, over shampoo, under condition, and blow dry. I’ve made progress I never would have imagined a year ago, and finally am getting some consistent results, but some days I still do like to use gel to blow dry my hair straight. I hear about helping your hair “remember” it’s pattern and all the ways to do it/how using heat to alter your hairs natural pattern is detrimental to your hair journey…. My question is if I’m drying my hair wavy sometimes and straight others am I stopping my hair from reaching its full potential?&&&Ok awesome!&&&That’s pretty much my exact situation lol I worked 8:30am-10pm a lot of days and don’t have the energy or time to also diffuse and style my hair 😭&&&That’s kind of what I was thinking but just wanted some more opinions! Whenever I blow dry straight I always get a small amount of Cantu gel (I know it’s supposed to be bad for you but my hair looks amazing with it 😬🤣)and mix it with a tiny bit of water to emulsify and just finger comb it through my hair upside down, then also blow dry upside down. My hair is super fine and not very dense and it gives it so much body and shine.&&&[straight hair ](https://imgur.com/a/OpvHKrg)


Literally the difference some gel makes for me is insane 💀"
rmg1102,qowgh1,"just make sure your using heat protectant. and deep condition the next time you wash.

I feel like you blow drying your hair once in a while is no different than me going product free and not scrunching every once in a while. I am essentially giving myself a heatless blowout.

I would honestly give going product free a whirl sometime, after taking care of my waves my product free hair looked sleeker on its own than ever before. Swavycurlycourtney has a good video where she does this while in a hotel. 

Now when I want to wear it “straight” I just don’t style it. Im 2b/2c tho so it could depend. 

I may have to try gel next time I blow dry - how do you do that? Whenever I blow dry my hair it’s looks frizzy on day 1 but amazing and sleek after I sleep on my silk pillowcase. Maybe gel is my answer"
thejaxb,qowgh1,"Yup! Gel and blow dry straight is the frizz-free straight hair I’d always wanted and an easy, consistent option"
yrusernamessohard,qowgh1,Following as I also blow dry straight when I can't be bothered to do my half hour wavy method 🤣
Obsessedthenbored,qouvfb,"Are you using the purple wash every time you wash your hair? That’s going to be too much. A purple shampoo/conditioner should be once a month at most, really just whenever you notice brassy color in your hair. 

Kevin Murphy uses silicones that build up in your hair. So does olaplex. I recommend a clarifying wash to reset your hair and strip out the build up then use curl friendly shampoo and conditioner. I was using olaplex shampoo and conditioner and noticed better waves immediately after clarifying and switching products. 

Then use a gel, mousse, cream, etc to hold the wave pattern. What you use is up to you but from the trends I’ve seen most people tend to benefit from gel rather than other items so I personally would (and did) start there."
oatbevbran,qouvfb,I see lots of pretty waves that you can add definition to. How about trying some curl cream and gel?
sweet_birthday_babyy,qouvfb,"This is after washing without any product, air drying. What should I do?&&&&&&It’s the hydrate me wash, the bottle is just purple. Sorry I should have specified&&&Any recommendations as far as brands?&&&Hair is fine but thick, very frizzy lately, I wash with Kevin Murphy purple wash and rinse, and I use olaplex 8 twice a week too."
teashoesandhair,qouvfb,"I think a gel with some good hold would really benefit you! Your hair looks really lovely as it is, but if you're worried about the frizz that you mentioned in another comment, gel is your best tool to control that. I use Ecoslay Orange Marmalade along with a curl cream, but there's a wealth out there to choose from. I really like the Eco Styler Curl and Wave as well for a firmer hold."
kastanjebruin,qoknli,"Hi fellow wavies! Are these good products for thick, very coarse, med density wavy hair?&&&"
Electrical_Effect586,qofyi4,I have a hard time getting a cast with a lot of gels for some reason. Aunt Jackies always gives me a really good cast. I do have to use quite a bit though... I would say a good 3 tablespoons for shoulder length hair
HonestlyRespectful,qofyi4,"Maybe skip the leave in, it might be too much moisture for your hair. Maybe try a mousse or gel, then mousse."
Kynykya4211,qofyi4,Thank you for these tips! I’ve found using all products with protein and applying my gel on damp hair has helped tremendously. My waves/curls last 2-3 days. I’ll try your other tips including adding some mousse to my routine.
MrsE2010,qofyi4,"If I diffuse my hair 100% dry, I don't typically end up with a cast either. I think it's because ""pixie diffusing"" (putting hair in the bowl) requires touching my hair. Hover diffusing doesn't give me as much shrinkage and I WANT the shrinkage so I try to do a combo. 

I've found that once the cast is already beginning to form, if I continue to touch it with the diffuser, it starts to break up and my hair is soft at the end. 

If I diffuse to like 80% and let it air dry the rest of the way, the cast remains intact."
MsSureFire,qofyi4,"Since your hair is fine like mine, gonna throw a couple suggestions out:

* Try to get as much water out of your hair before putting products in. You'll get better distribution, you won't have to put in as much, and the extra water won't weigh down your hair
* Try using some mousse. I've discovered that it helps keep definition and prevents a decent amount of volume loss
* Try squeezing water out instead of plopping
* Defuse until 80% dry, not 100% to preserve cast
* Pixie Defuse: this keeps the air from blowing your hair all over the place and breaking the gel cast

Hope this helps!"
WeAreStarless,qofyi4,what is your diffusing technique? could you be breaking the gel cast with the diffuser bowl?
mum_mom,qofyi4,"Following because I came to the sub for exactly the same issue. Lovely clumps and definition in the beginning but as the hair fully dries, everything is gone and it’s a frizzy mess."
pajmahal,qofyi4,"Can’t get a decent gel cast while diffusing&&&I’m still pretty early on with this process. My hair kind of vacillates between 2a/b most of the time, and while I get a pretty good gel cast if I add gel, plop for a bit, add a bit more gel and then air-dry, I can’t get a cast going for shit when I diffuse. Diffusing itself also gives me really intense volume and curls/waves at first, then it all gets weighed down as it dries and flattens to a pretty low-key 2a. Since my hair is fine, it might be product choice, but I’ve tried a few things and I think it might be technique. Any suggestions?&&&Routine: shampoo/condition with Verb Ghost, S2C, pea-sized blob of Curls BB leave-in, about a tablespoon of gel (currently using NYM Curl Talk and experimenting with Aunt Jackie’s flaxseed for protein content), plop, a little more gel, diffuse or air dry. Hair is middling fine, medium density, medium porosity (I think), 2a/b with a few straighter chunks thrown in.&&&I’ll try that—I went into a Sally’s and asked specifically for a gel with some protein that would give me a strong cast and a curly associate grabbed it with off the shelf. I’m still experimenting with quantity and it makes me nuts how much it can vary between brands.&&&Could be! I sort of lift the clumps up in the bowl a bit and let them hang out in there for around thirty seconds on cool or warm, not hot."
ydnas618,qofyi4,"Skip the leave in and use a lot more gel. I struggled with this exact scenario in the beginning too. Using a lot of gel helped, especially ones with protein. Leave ins tend to over moisturize fine hair and disrupt the cast from forming."
Catwymyn,qoe8ou,"Need mousse or gel recommendations for thin, fine, 2A waves.&&&&&&Thanks!&&&I honestly didn't even realize I had waves until this last year when I started treating my hair more gently.&&&Thanks! I'm in the same boat. There are very few products that don't make my hair feel weighted or cakey.&&&Routine: wash 2-3 times per week with Lidl brand, sulfate free shampoo and conditioner. 

Finger comb and squish curls with conditioner in wet hair. Rinse almost all conditioner out. 

Apply DevaCurl Wave Maker cream with prayer hands and squish before plopping with microfiber hair turban for 30 minutes,  then air dry. 

Occasionally while it's still damp, I'll add a few drops of Hask argan oil to the middle and ends, to rein in the frizz.&&&I haven't, but I'll look into it!"
Isilkarmeo_,qoe8ou,"I think your hair looks very soft with very little to no frizz, I don’t think mousse or gel would be useful in your case, and perhaps would make the hair greasy. You seems to be more a 1c than a 2a so I think it can also be very gently combed."
WeAreStarless,qoe8ou,aussie instant freeze gel!
agnes_copperfield,qoe8ou,"You could also consider making your own gel with flaxseed? Inexpensive, not that time consuming to make. I tried a ton of different gels with my fine hair and though it takes some practice to get used to the consistency it’s been the best product I’ve used on my hair"
ants-in-my-plants,qoe8ou,"LA Looks blue gel! Great hold, doesn’t weigh my fine hair down, and has a tiny bit of protein. It’s the best gel I’ve tried while somehow also being the cheapest. $3 for a bottle that lasts me like a month."
awful_falafels,qoe8ou,"I LOVE Not Your Mother's Curl Talk mousse. You don't need to pump out much because it a little goes a long way, it's light, and gives a good cast. Then I scrunch out the crunch with a satin head scarf (gets the crunch out faster than just using hands, makes hair soft, and no frizz) and it'll hold for a couple of days before I need to refresh. I have fine hair also and I love that it's inexpensive but has a strong hold."
cowsaysmeow14,qoe8ou,"Marc Antony Strictly Curls Mousse does really well for me making a cast on my super-fine hair without weighing it down. I get best results from styling on wet hair with it, not damp. 

Now that my hair is slightly longer (definitely not your length tho!) I switched to Loreal Paris Dream Lengths Super Curls Mousse to see how it goes.

While it doesn't form a cast as well (and to be fair it advertises not going crunchy), I do like that it seems a bit less drying, which I've noticed tends to lead to better results on refresh days (either just smoothing water over the hair and rescrunching, or on day 3-4 I may add more mousse)."
hotpinkmirrorpeople,qoe8ou,"I have a very similar hair type to yours and I stayed away from gels forever Bc I was scared of weighing my hair down, but most mousse left my hair looking stringy and loosing definition after only a few hours. I’ve finally discovered scrunching with cake mousse on DAMP NOT WET hair then adding a small amount (quarter sized for each half of my hair) of gel and diffusing works miracles. After SOTC the gel adds thickness and hold to my hair that the mousse alone could never provide, and adding the mousse first instead of just a gel helps my waves to find their natural shape instead of being wonky from drying too fast with the gel! Also, section styling will change your life!"
iocanepowdereddonuts,qoe8ou,"I second the LA Looks blue gel. Cheap, no fuss, I have fine hair and it’s better than any expensive mousse or gel I’ve tried"
jubjub9876a,qoe8ou,You look like you might benefit from a protein treatment. Have you tried one?
nt2291,qoe8ou,"I also have fine 2a wavy hair and these are some products that work for me- all are lightweight and have medium-strong hold. Herbal essences curl scrunching gel, cake curl whip mousse and pantene curl defining mousse. It's always a struggle for me because I need some type of product in my hair to hold my waves in place but HATE the feeling of product in my hair- so i'm always in search of lightweight products with strong hold"
pajmahal,qoe8ou,"FWIW, I really disliked the DevaCurl cream and I thought it weighed my waves down more than anything else."
teashoesandhair,qoe8ou,"I'm currently using the Noughty Hello Curl Taming Cream and Ecoslay's Orange Marmalade, and they work well for me! I have quite fine hair and they don't weigh it down at all, but they do provide a good amount of hold. I personally find mousse a bit drying. Edit: although your hair currently looks great and very shiny with absolutely no frizz, so it might even benefit you to not use anything at all."
whit_flinn,qoe8ou,I would probably not go for curl cream. There’s very few curl creams that work for 2a... I generally use Moroccan oil curl cream and then innersense foam or gel. One of the only cream/leave in products that I can use because it’s lightweight.
