index,id,comments
Glittering-Soil-4489,o9a93h,"I Iove Mielle masks , mint and ginger are both amazing and made my hair SUPER soft and curly.

I felt the difference while rinsing the masks out.

You do have to leave them on for the recommended time. 
My hair is fine and I use it when I want it to look special. I bought the bundle more than once before Christmas so it wasn't too bad, it had a full size scalp oil which was great too when I tried it."
_logicalrabbit,o9a93h,"I really don't want to waste money so do you wavies like Mielle products? Yay or nay?&&&I have 2b, low porosity, thick, long hair.  It's stupid dense, prone to frizz, a bit dry at the ends with what I think is a healthy enough scalp - not oily, not flaky, not dry, and I usually wash my hair once every 3-4 days.  

I've been using Shea Moisture recently (manuka honey and yogurt) and loved what it's done for my hair, but I'm starting to break out around my neck!  It's the only thing that's changed in my routine, and I am not acne prone so this really bums me out. 

I need help dialing in the whole protein/moisture balance thing.  Still learning, but I think I'm protein sensitive because when I tried some protein heavy Cantu products awhile back, my hair felt like a straw broom, I hated it. 

So the product line I have my eyes on next is by Mielle.  It looks promising, and I've been reading rave reviews BUT I'd rather hear from fellow wavies. 

If Mielle doesn't fit the bill, I'm thinking Ecoslay (definitely at least wanna try the Orange Marmalade).  

Anybody have suggestions?  Mielle 👍👎?  

Thanks in advance!&&&Sweet!  So this whole protein/moisture thing - if it gets too moisturized, does that mean I need to clarify and then do a protein deep condition?"
tonicspark,o9a93h,"Basically the same hair as mine just I'm a lot shorter, but I like their mint protein hair mask enough. Though honestly haven't tried many other protein masks. I've tried their custard but it was too moisturizing and my hair went straight and poofy."
thiswitchisabitch,o99jd5,"First time results! Feedback welcome!&&&&&&I washed and deep conditioned my hair with Redken Extreme. Fresh out of the shower, I squeezed some water out using a cotton t-shirt. Sprayed hair with Matrix leave in. Combed through with a wide tooth comb. Scrunched hair. Applied Herbal Essences Totally Twisted Curl Scrunching Gel. Plopped for approximately 45 min, then air dry. Scrunched the crunch once completely dry."
whit_flinn,o99jd5,"Have you tried not plopping? Not sure what type of hair you have, but it looks fine in this pic. I just micro plop my hair and my results are better than if I try plopping, just a suggestion."
Existential_Elf255,o9960j,"I live in NYC and just bought some glycerin-free products that have helped a bunch! I got the Uncle Funky’s Daughter Curly Magic, Cake Curl Whip Mousse and Giovannis L.A. Hold Styling gel. Found them at Target, Bed Bath and Beyond and Duane Reade"
Frey_Dough,o9960j,My hair is usually like the beach pic. I'm still struggling to find my routine haha. Long hair is a new thing for me so I usually just want it out of my face and I'm happy lol
Glittering-Soil-4489,o9960j,"So Glycerin absorbs water from the air.
Yikes! That's why i look like a shaggy dog in August&&&I used the Lotta body moisture me Curl and style milk for keeping the curls in shape. Use a small amount. It's re- scrunchable with water added if you brush it out. 
Main interest is Shea butter. 

For low porosity hair. 

I'm sharing a link bc I'm excited to find it again after a year without. 

https://www.amazon.com/dp/B00O4GWZPO/ref=cm_sw_r_cp_awdb_imm_WV6E9133FRTVPAPNRGG6"
JalapenoGimlet,o9960j,"As someone who lives in the US southeast (where humid is generally the default), products with a high level of glycerin are the enemy.  I have personally found curlsmith weightless air-dry cream with gel (kinky curly coiling custard, aussie instant freeze or curlsmith flexi jelly) best for this."
Minerva_Moon,o9960j,"A bun works nicely for me or a claw clip. If everything else fails the only sure way is to avoid humid locations. Honestly, I have no serious answer. I grew up in a high humid area and nothing I have tried seems to work. I'm saving this post in the hopes someone knows how to find salvation."
Ravenswillfall,o9960j,No recommendations just gonna say you’re gorgeous.
Stopthatcat,o9960j,"More gel. Put the usual amount on, then put some more. You'll be proper crispy for a day or so but the curls will last."
augustinax,o9960j,"I live in an extremely humid climate. The only thing that somewhat works is using a conditioner that contains silicones. The conditioner prevents my hair from absorbing all of the moisture in the air. I don’t touch my hair while it’s drying, and I don’t go outside unless it’s 100% dry. 

Also, I heard it’s best to avoid conditioners with glycerin if you live in a humid climate."
blckrainbow,o9960j,I don't :(
coffee0008,o9960j,"To be completely honest, I truly don't know either 😭 I know that many people swear by a hard hold gel to combat humidity but tbh there's only so much the gel can do. It does work to a degree but of course it's not going to withstand 80% humidity no matter how hard hold it is."
grimacedia,o9960j,"Thanks for posting OP, I'm having the same issue - the heat and humidity lately have made a constant mess of my hair. I hope there's some solutions in here!"
mrsjllanes,o9960j,Agree with cutting out/majorly reducing glycerin!
muffunderstress,o9960j,I just put my hair in a protective style like a braid or a bun - it messes up my wave pattern but at least my hair is protected somewhat.
murrion,o9960j,I feel your pain! Try avoiding products with humectants (glycerin for example) on humid days. I still get frizz but it’s way worse if I use products with glycerin. I like Curls Goddess Gel (no protein) and LA Looks Sport (protein).
nnopes,o9960j,"Leave in conditioner works well for me! I use Jessicurl Too Shea, usually more than the bottle recommends (enough to finger comb and scrunch it throughout wet/damp hair). My hair still moves and it dries soft, but much less frizz."
rkmoses,o9960j,they have it at sally's! it's mad cheap - i was using it last winter but stopped for whatever reason; it seems like it'd b perfect for getting some definition instead of the Frizz Cloud in the humidity
skyrites,o9960j,"I grew up in Houston, Texas aka about as swampy and sticky as it gets :) I have very, very thick wavy/curly hair that was the absolute BANE of my existence growing up. Honestly, the worst thing that I did was fight my natural texture versus embrace it. I now also live on the East Coast near NYC and these summers are sticky too (thankfully not as long)! I've learned that for the 3-4 months where it's hot and humid, I'm just going to have to deal with some level of frizz. Argan oil (in moderation!) helps me a lot, especially if I pull my hair back. I've worn some braids, buns, headbands, barrettes, etc. You seem like you've got a pretty good routine down, and honestly your hair in the first and second pic is super cute!!"
thatsreallynotok,o9960j,"Help: how do you deal with humidity???&&&&&&That's what I figured but I'm still holding out hope!&&&Amazing! Thank you for the recos&&&Basically, first pic is drying my hair indoors and second pic is when I go outside. How do I survive the NYC summer humidity??? I'm at a loss

Routine: no poo, HASK Keratin Protein Smoothing Conditioner liberally w scalp brush, post-shower use HASK Argan-oil leave in conditioner all over and follow immediately with L'Oreal Studios Clean Gel with prayer hands and scrunch, microplop w microfiber towel, sometimes follow with a mousse, scrunch out the crunch when dry. Every week I'll do a hair mask from SheaMoisture (I rotate between a few)&&&Ooo, thank you! How are you combining those three?&&&Thank you!! Funny enough, I also grew up in Houston. Sometimes it shocks me how much NYC summers can feel like Houston ones.&&&Aw, thank you!!&&&haha, I feel you. I'm also trying to grow out my bangs and I'm always trying to keep them out of my face"
vega_barbet,o9960j,"I am going to try your trick. For weird reasons I can't tie my hair 4 days a week and most of my products have Glycerin in it. I'll be more careful next shopping spree but since it's going to be between 75 and 85% in the next few days, I really needed something new ti try! Thanks!"
verytinytim,o9960j,Idk I live in the driest climate ever and my tried and tested routine at home totally flops when I travel
youcancallmet,o9960j,Good to know!  I notice glycerin is the 2nd ingredient in my gel and 5th on my conditioner.
aIohomora,o98yxg,"Your hair looks just like mine! I’m a 2b mixed with a little 2c and 2a. 

I only wash my hair with shampoo once a week or less (neutral shampoo), I wash it 2 times a week with neural conditioner and really massage it into my skull. I squish it into my lengths till most of the water is gone and wash it out. Then I use the Kruidvat beautiful lengths hair mask (I’m Dutch, not sure if you can find this elsewhere), which has proteins in it. I put it in in the shower, beforehand I squish all the water out and then apply the mask. I leave it in for 5-10 minutes and then wash it out. 

I don’t use a brush anymore, especially in the shower. Wet hair breaks more easily than dry hair. I lost a lot of hair whilst brushing it, now I first detangle it with my hands and then with a wide comb. I only do this before I shower, which is twice a week. 

I’m not far along the cgm, but I now use a leave in from quench. I think this might be too heavy for my hair, but it makes my hair really soft and happy. I apply this on wet hair before plopping with a micro fibre towel and plop for about 15 minutes. Then (when needed) I use a diffuser only with cold air, I never use heat. Afterwards I apply Nivea curl plumping mousse. This holds my waves the best when applied on (towel)dry hair!

I don’t use straight up oils, since I think this makes my hair feel ??fat-ish? I also don’t use gels or heavy oils (like coconut or avocado) since they weigh down my hair too much. Good luck!

Edit: if your hair gets tangled really easy, you might have high porosity hair, proteins can help with that! Also a leave in conditioner makes everything really smooth and easy to comb"
babyystar,o98yxg,"Help on hair type and best care? Thank you!&&&&&&I shampoo / condition every 2-3 days (verb ghost products or pureology) if I can make it and 80% of the time air dry. I do use a towel which I know is bad but I’m learning! Sometimes I use oil on my ends as they are damaged from coloring and some hair masks. I use a wet brush after the shower and do get a lot of breakage :( my hair is super thick and gets tangled every single time in the shower.&&&Thank you!! So yesterday was my official day 1 of trying a real routine. 
I brushed my hair dry with my wet brush before I got in the shower then shampooed with tea tree shampoo. I did an ACV rinse yesterday just because I needed a good cleanse then squeezed all the water out and applied Pacifica pineapple curl conditioner and squished and pulsated that in. 

Then I detangled  with my fingers and a wide comb in the shower. Once I got out I put in a leave in and used not your mothers curl gel/creams. Plopped in a t shirt and let air dry.

My hair looks so stringy rn 😅😣 
I think I need to give the protein a try, I’ve been reading a lot about that! Do you have a recommendation? I’ll try to take a pic sometime today now that my hair is fully dry."
whit_flinn,o98yxg,"I honestly think you’d be 2b-c if you did gel, I’m not sure but this is a tighter pattern than 2a I think. You probably have multiple curl types. My suggestion would be to make sure to get water out of hair before conditioner, leave it on longer 5-10 minand squish it into your hair. Once done rinse it and then add gel to wet hair, smooth it over ends still wet, squish it in and up and then let it dry or diffuse. 

Gel = definition 
Mouse = volume

As a general rule... you might have to try both or a combo and see what you like.

Go for lightweight formulas though if you have fine hair, stay away from too much Shea butter or coconut as that will weigh your waves down. Good luck!"
whiskey_girl7,o95rv7,Had some swim and sun and a good hair day today&&&&&&Washed and conditionied with Not Your Mother's Blue Sea Kale & Pure Coconut Water shampoo and conditioner. Toweled out the excess water and combed NYM Curl Talk Cream through my hair. Finger combed/scrunched a scrunchie sized amount of NYM Curl Talk mousse into my hair. Diffused on low temp/air.
UnfairForever2505,o955c6,"Looks like you might have product build up. Do you use a clarifying shampoo regularly? If not, I recommend doing that. Also you might be applying too much product. Try using a little less (especially leave in products) next time to see if that makes a difference. If neither of these things work, you might want to try lighter weight products."
sgodfreyy,o955c6,"Defining hair help?!&&&&&&I do not use a clarifying shampoo. I’ll incorporate that into my routine! Thanks so much!&&&Hey! This is my hair after doing my usual routine. It just doesn’t seem to be living up to it’s potential. Any suggestions? 

My routine: I wash my hair every other day with Not Your Mother’s (NYM) Curl Talk Shampoo and Conditioner. I use a wide tooth comb to get the tangles out while wet. Then do praying hands with the NYM curl defining cream then scrunch the NYM curl defining gel in it with my head flipped down. I squeeze some of the water out with a t-shirt and plop it until it’s more damp then use the L’Oreal curl elastic mousse and scrunch some more. I then flip my hair down again and use my diffuser on medium heat until pretty much all of the way dry. I sleep with a silk bonnet and never use an actual brush.

Edit: I also struggle with frizz and tangles! Also, don’t know if my hair is actually wavy or curly."
tonicspark,o955c6,You could be losing some of your gel when you squeeze the extra water out. Maybe try adding a little more after and see if that helps retain definition. Lightly glaze to not disturb the clumps.
CelticRebel22,o949ts,I don’t know if this is helpful or not but sometimes there are just different wave/curl patterns. The back of my head usually has a looser pattern and from my temples down my hair is nearly straight no matter what I do lol
SkepticalScum,o949ts,"Trouble with the back of my head being less wavy&&&&&&Very true! Could just be the way my hair is. Super frustrating! lol&&&I’m two week into the CGM after finding out I have wavy hair. I generally like my results but have issues with the back of my head being a lot less wavy than the front and am not sure what I’m doing wrong. Maybe this is just how my hair is? If anyone has any tips, please let me know!

My routine: Shea Moisture hydrate + repair shampoo, Shea Moisture bamboo charcoal balancing conditioner, S2C, Garnier curl treat shaping jelly, plop (tried microplopping and got better results plopping), air dry, SOTC"
awcurlz,o949ts,"Do you apply products upside down? I find that I miss sections and don't scrunch the back quite as well ( also don't do S2C as well at the back). I find I get slightly better results if I switch to upright and lean my head side to side, lean backwards etc.."
tonicspark,o949ts,I know someone else mentioned it but it could just be how your hair is. Since anyone can have multiple patterns. Also with that in mind I've found my hair needs more product in certain sections than others. And some spots get weighed down quicker so they'd need lighter products or more watered down.&&&Oh I forgot to mention you can also use a brush or a finger coiling technique for the back to help form clumps. Two strand twists might also help.
Fairylady33,o94754,"Progress!&&&&&&I style my hair wet, I first scrunch out extra water with a t shirt, scrunch garnier aloe hair treatment, scrunch Aussie headstrong volume gel, and diffuse for a little. Then, right before the cast begins to form I mix Aussie sprunch mousse and garnier clean gel and scrunch. I diffuse until almost completely dry and then I air dry the rest of the way. When it is fully dry I use a little bit of ogx coconut oil spray."
TastyAlpacasRUs,o92r41,"More Protein or Moisture? More Info in Comment&&&&&&So my routine for this morning included no products. 

I'm planning to put my hair in a silk scrunchie since today is supposed to be excessive heat. 

I used Giovanni smooth as silk shampoo and conditioner, washed my hair two days ago before today. 

I have Giovanni hard hold gel and I also have NTM curl mousse. Additionally, I have Briogeo kiwi and avocado mask that is protein free and supposed to help with hydrating my hair. I also have protein masks (been trying to figure out what my hair needs). 

Any suggestions if what my hair needs?"
tonicspark,o92r41,"Ok so I use none of those products but did some searching on their ingredients. I see that you have some glycerin, aloe, soy and apple extracts. Depending on your humidity levels glycerin can make your hair more dry and frizzy since it is supposed to draw moisture from the air. Aloe basically can pretend to be a protein and there's people with protein and aloe sensitivities. Not to mention you have two other proteins soy (large and small) and apple. My hair hates any soy, gets very frizzy and I have no definition. Also depends on how hard your water is since there could be a build up on minerals. I'm sorry I can't figure out if you need protein or moisture specifically, I'm currently running on 3 hours of sleep 😴 but I hope you have a better idea on what you do or don't need!&&&Oh and aloe is also a humectant so not enough air moisture means no hair moisture lol I need a nap that rhyme made me laugh."
GreenAlmondEyes,o92dtv,"I have 2a/2b hair and a few 2c mini waves underneath. This is the best hair day I’ve had in a LONG time! 🥰&&&&&&My routine is pretty simple. I use Maui Moisture Hair Care Lightweight Curls + Flaxseed Shampoo, Aussie’s Miracle Waves Conditioner, Not Your Mother’s Deep Conditioning Curl Masque, OGX’s Argan Oil of Morocco Extra Penetrating Oil, Tresemme Smoothing Serum + Marula Oil, and John Freida’s Anti Frizz Extra Strength Serum. I barely ever brush my hair and I use a wet brush. I have three different wet brushes. I don’t diffuse or use any heat and just let my hair air dry."
ArcaneAddiction,o91z16,"Co-washing is more for our truly curly-haired cousins. A wavy lady might benefit from it some of the time, but for many wavies, it weighs hair down horribly. Try a good clarifying wash, then a sulfate-free shampoo, silicone-free conditioner, and a lighter styler like a mousse, or just plain gel. Also, look up Swavy Curly Courtney on YouTube. Her videos are great!"
SignificantTree6012,o91z16,Desperately need help with frizzy tangled mess! I tried the CGM in the past but cowashing caused my hair to be really heavy and oily so I quit but my hair has become unmanageable and awful looking so i’m looking for tips from others with similar hair? I have low porosity hair and it’s very dry.&&&&&&I know I desperately need a trim but looking for product recommendations before my appointment. My hair is super dry and tangled all the time despite my best efforts. I currently use Aveeno Oatmilk Blend shampoo and was using Pacifica Salty Waves conditioner until I saw it wasn’t CGM approved.
idontknowwhatisb,o91z16,It looks like your hair has too much product build up. Do you use a clarifying shampoo? You should use that about once a week considering the build up on your hair. Also get products that are moisturizers. And yes you should get a trim ASAP as the weight of your hair is pulling it down.
sandyego0127,o91mlr,"Third attempt at wavy girl. Made some changes with S2C and using uncle funky.&&&&&&I washed with as I am co-wash and conditioned (s2c) with bounce curl (rinsed it mostly all the way out). Then, I s2c with kinky curly un-not and utilized the praying hands method to apply bounce curl - curl cream followed by unknot funky’s gel. I plopped for 10-15 minutes, diffused until 75% dry, then air dried. I didn’t have much crunch, but a very soft cast that I scrunched out and then fluffed the roots."
Adventurous_Bit_3597,o8yesy,"Wow girl - beautiful waves!!!
I'm 59 and just realizing I have wavy and not crazy, unruly hair.
I'm about a month in CGM ...im hoping to see waves like yours soon!!"
cowsaysmeow14,o8yesy,"40 and finally realizing my hair is wavy!!!&&&&&&Very very fine, dense hair and seems highly porous. Thought it was straight but unhealthy til my 30s, with oily roots/very dry mid to ends and a tendancy to tangle. This is ~1mo into properly treating it as wavy! 

Current routine: modified CG, washing about 2-3x/week.

I use Unscented Company solid shampoo and conditioner (the shampoo does contain sulfates, my skin is still oily). Detangling comb while the conditioner is in, squish while rinsing. I apply Marc Antony Strictly Curls mousse with my hair very wet, and then use the detangling comb again to work it in and create smaller clumps before scrunching it in. I microblot with my normal towel from the ends up to absorb some of the water before air drying - takes about 2hr to dry and then SOTC. 

Refresh days 2-4 is usually just with spraying some water.

Yesterday I tried a Hask Argan Oil conditioning mask for the first time. I don't feel like it really made much difference styling, but the curls seemed a bit more resilient sleeping overnight. 

Anyone have an estimate as to what this wave pattern would be? I figure like 2b/2c?"
CeruleanPimpernel,o8xko3,Butterfly clips are my saviors on days like that. I have really bad second day hair (mistakes were made) today up in a clip.
Emoooooly,o8xko3,"I had a major hair fail the other day when trying a new technique and I wanted to share. It's not always a success, but it's part of the journey! Thank god for hats tho.&&&&&&My routine fail as follows:

Wash and Condition with Aspen Kay NAtrurals bar shampoo and conditioner

detangle with conditioner in, rinse with cold water upside down

gently squish excess water from hair and apply leave-in conditioner (Alikay Naturals Lemongrass Leave-in Conditioner) with scrunching technique. 

Apply Styling cream (Innersense Quiet Calm Curl Control) with scrunching technique

Plop 20-30 minuets in ultra-soft t-shirt from old navy men's section

Air Dry

sleep on satin-ish pillowcase with hair loose cause I like to live life on the edge.

Wake up looking like a greasy mess 

put on a hat and call it a day. 

&#x200B;

I just wanted to share my fail in case anyone was getting discouraged and needed some solidarity. I'm still working out what my hair needs and what techniques and products work best for me. I've only been at this for a couple of months and I have a lot to learn. Until next time!&&&Yea it really helps me to know that it's normal to have bad hair days and we're all learning as we go along."
Komlee,o8xko3,"THANK YOU! This is so encouraging for those of us, like me, that have unpredictable hair and/or are still working things out! It's hard to stay motivated sometimes so it's nice to know I'm not the only one who has off days. Hope the hair gods are kinder next wash!"
ladypilot,o8xko3,"Haha, thank you! My hair looks like this most days. Sometimes I forget that people usually only share photos when they like the way they look."
Bla1793,o8vy2t,"How did I live my whole life thinking I had ""wonky"" straight hair?&&&&&&I had ringlets as a toddler and later until I was 12 maybe it was actually stick straight and super manageable. And then it got wavier and bushier and no one knew what to do with it. I never really hated it though, I just accepted it as being weird 🤣&&&My mom actually used to say I have curls and I just never believed her 🙃&&&My last wash day routine is in the last picture. I also diffused until about 80% dry and let the rest air dry.
The products are a wild international mix - I used to live in England until recently, then spent some time in Germany with my family (where I bought the mask. I buy this every year because of the scent of Monoï haha) and now live in Spain with my boyfriend where I desperately needed a glycerine free gel and found this super cheap unnia gel in the supermarket 😅&&&Thank you!"
Current_Selection,o8vy2t,"Literally me! My mom has had curly hair her whole life (which she now keeps very short) and my dad had pin straight hair and I always believed I had ""weird"" straight hair even though when I sweat or baby hairs escaped it was wavy. I would flat iron constantly and then after a hair cut realized that my hair is actually wavy and started CGM. Nobody ever taught me to care for wavy or curly hair as a kid, so I would constantly brush it to make it straighter. It did also get progressively more wavy the older I got, so as a small child the texture was way different and I never changed how I treated my hair as I got older."
Emoooooly,o8vy2t,"You and me both! My mom's and older sister's hair is absolutely stick straight and I had no idea how do care for my hair besides 'wash, dry, brush"" and holy boy did I have some wacky hair days as a kid and teen"
Veleda390,o8vy2t,"Yep. I see these photos of myself where I was struggling with ""unmanageable"" longer hair. Cut to a little later when it all got chopped off short. Sad to think back on it."
aroha93,o8vy2t,"I didn’t realize I had wavy hair until I was in 11th grade! I was brushing it before then, and it looked awful! I still get mad that my curly-haired mom didn’t tell me not to brush it!"
flyingburritogirl,o8vy2t,I feel that! I wish someone had told me sooner 😩
kamomil,o8vy2t,Wow! Looks amazing!
pandabelle12,o8vy2t,I didn’t realize until my mid 30s. I even used to tell my mom that I thought I had curly hair and she responded that my hair is straight and “everyone has a few sections that have a mind of their own.”
wildspirit90,o8vy2t,"Same here, girl! I just thought I had weird, broken hair that just wasn't ever going to look good. I spent my whole childhood and adolescence hating it."
53cats,o8rxfp,"For step 2, how do you keep your hair from flattening out if you’re leaning your head back on a couch, for example? My hair is thick so putting it up is tough too without it falling down or flattening because of being pulled tight enough to be secure."
Physical-Maybe-4011,o8rxfp,"Things I learned when transforming my hair&&&So I’ve been doing the CGM for the past month and my hair has completely transformed! I found that a lot of the tips and tricks came from this Reddit and wanted to share some tips and tricks for people who get stringy, frizzy and product heavy hair! 

I have mixed type 2b/c hair with low porosity and a decent amount of hair damage.
1. A lot of peeps on here recommend drying your hair to dampness before adding product but I found that adding product after forming clumps and while it is pretty wet, helps with reducing frizz and giving shape! I found that low porosity hair works best this way for me ! 

2. DON’T TOUCH YOUR HAIR UNTIL IT IS DRY. Watch netflix, use a diffuser, scroll through tIKtOk, BUT DO NOT TOUCH IT UNTIL IT IS COMPLETELY DRY! 

3. Product order matters! I took inspiration from Korean skincare but lighter and more liquid products first, then the creams ( I add a little bit of water to emulsify it so it can soak in to my hair better) after my hair dries, I switched and used hair oil to tame frizz and fluff out my waves- it literally makes me feel like an lion- it’s amazing.

4. Being frustrated and not patient! Remember you’re restoring your hair waves and curls and to be patient and kind! It should be fun and exciting but don’t be too hard on yourself. It’s a journey!

Also sally’s is having a 4 for $20 sale for hair products and I highly recommend going! Especially the generic brand for hair masks!

These are all things I learned and wanted to compile for others!&&&I am vv sorry about this late response but I also have super thick hair so I use hair gel instead of mousse. Water weight kinda pulls out my curls so I make sure to clump in the shower and micro plop most of the water out before I plop it loosely with a tshirt for only 30 mins to avoid flatness. I recommend a long sleeve if your hair is long and thick. I also let it dry forward and down so I’m not leaned back if that helps because I noticed that any type of pressure breaks my waves&&&I watched this routine that changed my life and I’ll link it below but I also don’t use a diffuser so I form clumps while wet, and then I cup and squeeze water out with a t shirt in order to reduce drying time then I follow up with products. If your hair gets frizzy while you do this, you might be making too much of a scrunching motion. I think of it as firm squeeze and let go to stop frizz and keep shape. If you try that and it still frizzes, I spray bottle some water with the products to reduce the frizz and not have sopping wet hair! Hope this helps! Sorry for the late response"
Raccoonhands90,o8rxfp,"Thanks for sharing your tips, I’m a complete newbie so still learning the do’s and don’ts! So glad you mentioned about the order of products, as that’s something that’s really been confusing me."
glow89,o8rxfp,"I agree with this except that for some wavies with finer hair, using light products is super important. When I was using heavier products my hair was so flat, limp, weighed down & just sad looking it didn’t matter what techniques I tried... after I switched to lighter products I’m having way more success with trying out different techniques!"
greenlids,o8rxfp,"Since you add your products while your hair is still wet, do you then just let it air dry or dry it a bit with a t-shirt or what? I don’t have a diffuser so I let mine air dry, but being fairly low porosity too it takes an age to dry so I try to squeeze as much water out with a t-shirt. If I left it wet it wouldn’t dry for hours, not to mention whatever top I’m wearing would be soaked through ahaha so I’m just wondering what your method is!

Thanks for the tips btw 😊"
sullimareddit,o8rxfp,"I took a great online class during lockdown about product application. Pick 3 products (cleanser, conditioner, styler) and use them with varying techniques for 30 days. Totally cured me of being a product junkie. Most people here search for HG products when the real magic is technique—as you’ve discovered, and shared."
whatififififif,o8rxfp,"Nor OP, but I'm also low porosity. One thing that cut hours from my dry time was to squeeze the water out of my hair before applying conditioner. I do then apply my products to soaking wet hair after rinsing, but just making sure it's not soaking when conditioner has cut dry time from 5+ to 3.
But, to answer your question, I have some of those microfiber hair wrap things. I don't twist my hair in them but just plop in the ""bowl"" part, and use it to squeeze out a little extra water also."
ComfortableCulture70,o8r6ck,Is my hair wavy?&&&
GabrielVA10,o8r6ck,I think it's straight.
tonicspark,o8r6ck,It looks like you have some texture. A tousled straight look. It is hard to figure out though from the pic.
ArcaneAddiction,o8qyk9,"Try some front row braiding techniques for the best of both worlds, maybe?"
Prismquill,o8qyk9,How to wear hair down while keeping it out of my face? Not to mention it turning into a frizzy mess?&&&I tried wearing my hair down a few times but always gave up due to it becoming messy as hell (witch in Azkaban messy) and always getting in my face. Any help?
tonicspark,o8qyk9,Braids/small two strand twists in the front or butterfly clips and hair pins. When I had long hair I'd do the wet look to keep the fluff and frizz down. Might help idk.
0suna,o8k8fa,"hair sticky, tangled, no waves because of Shea Moisture yogurt and honey mask... help&&&I did a homemade protein mask a few weeks ago (with an egg) and my hair loved it.

Since I’m pretty new to the wave-hair thing I have not bought many products yet so I decided to give it a shot and I bought the Shea Moisture Yogurt and honey protein mask. Well, it’s a full blown DISASTER. My hair is super sticky, takes forever to dry, frizzy, impossible to detangle, and my waves are basically gone... It happened two days ago, I washed my hair and applied conditioner today (I thought maybe it was a protein overload?) but it did not change anything. 

where do I go from here ? help please&&&thank you!! I just clarified and did my normal routine. Hair is still wet so I can’t tell if it totally worked but it already seems better. It doesn’t feel sticky and my waves seem to be back... I’ll update once it’s dry"
FuzzyendOthelollipop,o8k8fa,"You said you tried shampooing and conditioning and it did not help. What kind of shampoo did you use? If your shampoo was sulfate free, it may not have been able to remove the buildup from the mask that’s causing your hair to be sticky. 

You probably need to do a clarifying wash, with a sulfate shampoo or chelating shampoo, and then conditioner to reset. My hair felt this same way after using products that were too heavy for it. A chelating shampoo set it back to normal for me."
SprinkledDonut88,o8j5b0,"I used a diffuser for the first time today.&&&&&&My routine today: I washed with Pacifica Pineapple Curls shampoo and then deep conditioned with MopTop deep conditioner. I also put in some As I Am leave in conditioner and used a wide tooth comb to detangle and then applied Cantu curl activator cream. Plopped for about ten minutes, then scrunched my hair with As I Am curling jelly. I let my hair air dry for about half hour so my curls could set. Then I used a diffuser on the low/cool setting."
Vthayer,o8j5b0,Your curls/ waves turned out fantastic!!
ifeellikeabook,o8j1b5,"Product free wash day!&&&&&&My routine for this wash is shampoo with NYM Tahitian, condition with NYM Tahitian, brush through, rinse. Tie hair in a loose bun while getting dressed for a couple minutes, take hair down, sleep on hair. I did use NYM Curl talk for a previous wash for some protein: because it has too much protein for every wash, I alternate with the Tahitian more moisturizing conditioner or mix them as needed."
