index,id,comments
Mama-anom-nom,lk4si6,"Mine gets over moisturized super easily. Loves protein too..lol. The brand I use is expensive though (it works soooo well with my hair though), so I've been trying to not send my hair into moisture overload every week...

I actually won't use a conditioner at all most days unless it seems I need moisture. Normally I used a very watered down conditioner if it's needed, but even that is a bit much sometimes. 

I had to find a lighter shampoo too, because some just were too much for my hair. The charcoal based ones by shea moisture have been good so far. 

I started today trying the shea moisture Manuka and honey leave in conditioner after just shampooing in the shower, and it hasn't sent me into moisture overload. I'm cautiously optimistic for the weeks to come =) 

Anyways, I went from needing a protein treatment every 1-1.5 weeks, to doing one every 1.5 months. =)"
Snowstig,lk4si6,"I have the same problem!  Just tried the NYM's Curl Talk moisture mask because my hair was super frizzy and dry and now my  hair was super mushy right after wash day.  Did a back to back wash day because it was so bad.  Still slightly mushy, but not as bad as it was.  I used  the NYM Curl Talk line too, which is kina protein heavy. Might try another protein mask to see if I can get it back to ""normal"" again."
kjb910913,lk4si6,"Anyone else get over moisturized really easy?&&&&&&Been doing modified curly girl for about 3 months and I’m finding even when I use a very, very small amount of moisturizing ingredients, I can really easy fall into the over moisturized zone. Today, even using VERY minimal leave in with all protein-heavy products, my hair still feels super mushy (the picture is post-SOTC and raked through with my fingers because it was driving me crazy).

Routine:
Shampoo with Giovanni Triple Treat shampoo, condition with Giovanni Smooth as Silk conditioner.
After micro-plopping, style with Blueberry Bliss Gelee. Today I spritzed before diffusing with an 8 oz spray bottle of water that I shook in about an almond size amount of Blueberry Bliss leave-in.
Diffuse and use smathers technique using LA Looks blue gel.

I do know my hair loves protein and even after doing a 20 min. gelatin treatment, my hair still felt silky without any conditioner afterwards.

I haven’t found much info on hair being so easily over moisturized and am wondering if anyone else has had this experience. Since this sub has been so helpful, wondering if I can get any pointers from anyone dealing with the same!

(Edit: grammar things)&&&Which brand is it that works well for your hair?

Some wash days I wonder if I should actually use a conditioner at all, but it feels illegal to go without it, haha.

You’ll have to let me know how the SM leave in works for you longer term. I’d heard the Shea moisture manuka honey and yogurt deep conditioner was protein-heavy so I was stoked to try it, but it ended up sending me wayyyy into moisture overload.&&&Awesome, thanks so much for sharing! I’ll have to check out your recommendations and I love the idea of watering down the conditioner."
BOOHbeafraid,lk1dhn,"Well I was wondering what was up with my hair lately but after seeing this I'm quite sure :') Imma try this soon. 
Your hair is really pretty btw!"
LovesAnimeH8sHookers,lk1dhn,Gelatin? Like the kind you eat?
Rare_flare,lk1dhn,You could try a beer rinse. [http://science-yhairblog.blogspot.com/2012/04/what-cookin-vegetarian-protein.html?m=1](http://science-yhairblog.blogspot.com/2012/04/what-cookin-vegetarian-protein.html?m=1)
aetchrob,lk1dhn,Thanks for the reminder that my hair needs some tlc! 😍
eclo99,lk1dhn,Your hair looks so shiny and healthy! Gorgeous
ee_emlily,lk1dhn,I think this is what is wrong with my hair. I wonder if pectin would work over gelatin for a vegan version.
majesticshegoat,lk1dhn,"Before and after a protein mask&&&&&&My hair was over moisturized in the first picture and wasn't holding its curl pattern. I got the recipe for the protein mask from [Swavy Curly Courtney](https://youtu.be/AS1tJkbPPec) on YouTube. 

1 packet knox unflavored gelatin dissolved in 2 tbsp hot water

1tsp Apple cider vinegar

A dollop on deep conditioner (I used Shea Moisture JBCO deep conditioning masque) 

I left the protein mask on for 20 minutes with a hot head to help it penetrate better. And voila!&&&Thank you :) hope it helps you too!&&&Thank you so much :)&&&Yep, my routine was exactly the same. The first picture is day 2 hair, but day 1 looked identical except more frizzy (I find my hair ""calms down"" the further I get from wash days). Second picture was immediately after I scrunched out the crunch so it was peak curliness. I have a very loose pattern so it only falls from there. 

I typically get results at like 80% of picture 2 curliness (check my post history) but I had over moisturized my hair and I couldn't get it any curlier than picture 1 until the protein treatment.&&&Lol yes 😅 that's by far the curliest section of my hair. It sometimes gets overexcited and clumps into a mega curl"
notabigmelvillecrowd,lk1dhn,"Did you not have trouble dissolving the gelatin in so little water?  I tried this recipe and I ended up with big grainy lumps of solid, rubbery stuff.  I tried breaking it up with my hands to get it in my hair, but it all ended up on the shower floor, it was a huge mess."
oooooshethicc,lk1dhn,I've only realised that overhydration might be my issue (like within the last day or so) and this post just sold me on a protein treatment!! I think I'll try the Shea Moisture Protein Power one because I'm opposed to gelatine for religious and ethical reasons. Looove your results 😍😍
ouffti,lk1dhn,"Did you achieve this result without changing anything in your method like scrunching or whatever? If that's the case, impressive! I may try a protein mask too."
pulang_panda,lk1dhn,Fantastic! I remember having this moment when I did my first protein treatment. Is that a giant monocurl by your temple? 😂
zillarillazilla,lk1dhn,You can do a DIY rice rinse instead! That’s what I did before I started using a store bought protein mask
Fitnessnerd71,lk0zhb,Are you using any products?  I think the idea of leaving water in your hair is more relevant when considering product application.  I like my hair to be as wet as possible when I put my leave in and styling products in. I get better results if I don’t squeeze out any water until after all the products are in my hair and the clumps have formed.
Freeexpression7,lk0zhb,"How much water should be in the hair after showering? 💧&&&After washing your hair, do you guys squeeze all the water out? Do you keep some in?

I use my hands and a microfiber towel to scrunch out water before plopping, then air dry. But I'm not sure how much water should actually be kept in the hair in order for it to look it's best? Is there such a thing as too much to too little water?"
Hiccups_McGee,lk0zhb,"Agreed! It took a while for me to realize my hair loves water when styling, so I make sure it's dripping. This usually involves putting my hair back under water a couple times while I squish out my conditioner and after I've put in my leave-in."
neverseektotell,lk0zhb,I scrunch out (2 good squeezes per section) before application as I dilute my gel in water so hair doesn’t need to be soaking
ee_emlily,ljyqc1,"Newbie- Help please!&&&Hi all, I’m new to the group. After reading posts I think I have determined my hair to be 2a. I have fine/medium hair but I have A LOT of it. My hair is long it is not colored or treated.

I, like many, have tried a lot of products to help enhance my waves- they’re so pretty when they are wet but when it dries with no product it’s usually straight in the front and wavy underneath and in the back. So far all the products tend to make my hair frizzy, dull and drags my waves down. I’ve tried the curly girl method but because my hair takes so long to dry it’s usually night and then I’m sleeping on it making it flat.

I don’t use products with sulfates or silicones (unless they are water soluble) I don’t use any heat- not even a diffuser (it takes FOREVER to dry my hair) 

Anyone have similar hair to what I’m describing and can tell me what they use? Would be great! I appreciate all the help, in advance."
rmg1102,ljyqc1,"I think a lot of finding what works is doing your own research and being willing to experiment!

That being said, what you have described here could indicate that your hair is low porosity. I have medium-low porosity and it has never been colored and takes a long time to dry. But I’m just one data point. 

Honestly though, in my opinion what your porosity is doesn’t really help you until you feel comfortable with having some type of basic routine first. 

I see you’ve cut sulphates and silicones that is a good place to start. 

Regarding faster dry time, I would really suggest thinking about diffusing. I diffuse my hair for about 30 mins and let it air dry from there. I think even just those 30 mins really do shave a long time out of air drying. 

I also find microplopping helps with my dry time. I microplop before I diffuse and getting out as much water as I can really helps the drying process. 

Also, if you use something with a little bit more hold and can create a cast then it could become dry enough that you can sleep with the cast (using a pineapple or something) and break it up in the am that will help keep your curls from falling flat overnight 

Lmk if you have other questions!

Edit: something else worth mentioning is you may be experiencing buildup easily and have your hair weighed down by both water weight and product. Things with Shea butter for example are a bit heavy for a lot of wavies."
Writer90,ljyh4p,Gorgeous!
cachingasbff,ljyh4p,"I hate diffusing and gel- but they did me good today&&&&&&Routine- 
Wash: Carol’s daughter curl quenching shampoo, Miss Jessie’s Creme de la Creme conditioner 
Style: Olaplex #6 leave in, Hairitage Curl Cream, brushed through. Sectioned hair while soaking wet, and applied Miss Jessie’s Jelly Soft Curls to each section as I went. Used a large paddle brush to create curl clumps. Carefully pixie diffused small sections then air dried. Added some oil after dried. Damaged section near the front will never curl right 🤷🏻‍♀️"
cncld4dncng,ljyh4p,Beautiful curls!!
flyingburritogirl,ljyh4p,😍😍😍
midnightpanic,ljyh4p,Lovely curls! I hate diffusing too but that’s more so because my hair is really long.
thegreenwichmummy,ljyh4p,The curlsss 😍😍😍
Istinline,ljvuwu,I have 2c hair without using any brush and I feel like the denman brush gives me more uniform and defined curls all over my head. I would recommend and experiment with techniques using the brush because what you see someone else doing may not work for you. Good luck!
PhilosopherPrimary17,ljvuwu,"Denman brush for 2a/2b hair?&&&I see the denman brush really working for people with wavier/curlier textures and I'm very curious, but I've heard mixed opinions on using it on 2a/2b wavy hair. Can anyone give me a definitive answer if I should get it or not? I think it could really help with product distribution and curl clumping but if it just pulls my wave out I don't want to waste the money."
QuiteBookish,ljvuwu,No answers but I’m in the same boat. Would love to see what people say.
SweetNSauerkraut,ljvuwu,"I have 2c hair and I have the evolve brush from Walmart which is a $5 knockoff. It gives me really big pretty ringlets in the front of my hair, not so much in the back, but I’m going to keep experimenting with application."
neverseektotell,ljvuwu,"I have one, I like it. I don’t use much leave in but I like it for brushing in the shower and brushing out before squishing in gel."
ec0friend,ljsks8,"Wavy Babes: do you wash your hair with water after working out on a non-wash day?&&&I am very new to CGM but definitely have the step of not washing hair too much down (thanks covid + working from home!)

I’m in a routine of working out in the morning before work, so I have the urge to rinse off my hair with water BUT I’m so lazy when it comes to diffusing because I’m not used to it/just let my hair air dry to maintain clumps of waves!

I hope that gave enough background - just looking for tips and tricks from you Experienced Wavy Babes ™"
GoshDarnBatgirl,ljr0y4,"Best Refresh Spray?&&&Is there a refresh spray anyone uses that they like? My go-to method is to use water + leave-in conditioner and let it airdry, but in the cold winter months it's hard to do that without my hair freezing when I walk outside. I know there are a lot of refresh sprays out there, so I'm wondering if anyone has had any luck with one?"
Istinline,ljr0y4,"Sometimes I dry refresh, so I just use a product on dry hair to smooth individual sections. 
Otherwise, I like ouidad’s botanical boost refresh spray."
vmartinipie,ljr0y4,"I just got Uncle Funky's Daughter Thirsty Curls and have only used it once so far, but it worked nicely. I sprayed some water and some of it into my palms and scrunched, then smoothed just the spray onto my palms to run over my crown for frizz. It also smells nice!"
ImpressiveExchange9,ljpcgz,I don’t have IG. How do we do it?
annabanana1828,ljpcgz,Love Domi and the bowl method as well!
apieceofpink,ljpcgz,I love it❤️!!
blckrainbow,ljpcgz,Domi is the best!
entropic_emma,ljpcgz,yes I love her and that ACV rinse!! It gives me the best clumps
pastatravers,ljpcgz,Do you mind sharing your end result when it’s dry?
rmg1102,ljpcgz,"Happy Valentine’s Day to this curl clump - check out PowerDomi’s ACV rinse on IG I use it about monthly (i.e. special occasions)&&&&&&it’s one of the only times a technique turns out nearly identical to the insta person for me

seeing those pretty clumps form is so satisfying&&&Here is a photo I took before heading out: https://imgur.com/a/dlZxrUm

In a perfect world I would have waited a little longer to SOTC cause it wasn’t the most dry and I like to let it sit in a cast as long as possible. 

but in a perfect world you don’t have a brunch reservation keeping you on track hahah.

Edit: I took the pic w the clump sometime during diffusing so between that pic and the dried I just diffused and SOTC w oil&&&I use 1/4 cup ACV unfiltered with the mother and 1 cup of water. There’s guides online if you wanna adjust ratio to your porosity. 

Get a bowl that you can fit your hair in and add the ACV and water to dilute. After shampoo and conditioner, dunk your ends into the bowl and swish. It will come up in clumps that you can squish. I squish and dip til I’m satisfied (I have no real science for that part) then rinse it out and add my products.

Hope this helps!"
Ima_Jenn,ljn0vh,"I react really badly to ANY dc (protein or non). I lose my haves. I have really super fine hair and ran across some hair science sites that said with fine hair is may act dry but it is really overmoisturized.

Here is what I did to fix mine

.5 tbs knox gelatin
.5 tbs collagen peptides (the suppliment you stir in water.
.5 cup hot water.

Few sprinkles of xanthan gum. (Optional). It thickens it but you have to stir really well. Without just wear a towel around your shoulders.

Dissolve the geletin (the peptide don't need hot water but add them too) in hot water.
If you add xanthan gum do it now. Sprinkle in 1/16 the tsp, maybe
You are going for a yogurt consistency

Let cool enough to use. 

(I usually do an overnight avacado oil treatment and leave it sitting on counter, but you could put it in fridge to cool)

Wash hair. 

Towel dry to damp.

Saturate hair with protein mix. 
(I put mine in a squeeze bottle, you could or measuring cup with spout).


If not using xanthan I would do it over a bowl & squish it I'd them pour the liquid that has run off over hair.

Let sit 10-20.

If you hair feel a bit better you can do it again imediately.

That might should do low density mid neck to shoulder length hair.


When my hair normalized.

In the evening I use a penetrating oil (google search, but I use avacado) on dry dirty hair but on a cap and sleep in it over night.

The next morning I put in the protein mix.
(You can add more if less protein).

To be clever I dissolve the gelatin in about a tbs of hot water and use rice water for the rest.

Then I let it wait 20 min.

It really works well.

You can get xanthan and peptides from whole foods, a health food store or Amazon.

If you try and it works, let us know.

The oils gives you moisture without too much & fine hair desperately needs protein.


I would also use Stylers with protein in them.

The Curlsmith bouncy curl is a curl Enhancer. I use 1 pump in my jaw length hair.  I also use Ouidad climate control gel (hair hold) and Joico JoiWhip mousse at the end.

I like Boldify 3 in 1 Biotin serum as my leave in. I follow with Prose hair cream, Bouncy curl,Salt Spray, Ouidad climate control gel. 
(I use the Bowl Method when applying each. It doesn't take that much time.

I damper dry so I Wrap in towel & then run a

 Scrunchit brush through & pay in and scrunch in the mousse.

I also use Boldify Root Spray and then finish with their dry Texturizing spray and maybe some of their root lift powder.

I just figured my routine after 6 mos.

This group is for 
Fine wavy high porosity hair & I have learned a lot
https://www.facebook.com/groups/2794624463981681/?ref=share

I have a youtube on there with my routine
(I'm not an influencer or an affiliate)
Just no one has vids on schrunchit or how I use it differently (applies to denman too) and non of the influencers have jaw length hair with bangs.
The DB group asked me to put it up."
Wavesmith,ljn0vh,"I think many jessicurl products have protein in them, maybe your hair reacted badly to the protein?"
asellers47,ljn0vh,waitt so coconut could be the reason my hair is so tangly and stringy?? I use a coconut leave in conditioner by bellacurls after every shower. Would that be enough to cause the tangliness ?
pilfernoodles,ljn0vh,"was the dry and tangling reaction suddenly after using the Jessicurl samples? Or had it started before that and been getting worse and worse?

Asking because what you describe sounds like a protein overload type reaction. 

If it’s been a gradual thing, it’s likely there’s too much protein in your routine, and/or a smaller possibility that you’re reacting to the aloe that’s in both the Jessicurl and the Hairstory.  The solution is to swap out the protein-containing (or aloe-containing) products for ones without protein, or likewise without aloe if you think that is the culprit instead. 

If it was sudden (after using Jessicurl only) then my guess is you’re having a coconut reaction, rather than protein. Coconut (like aloe) is a protein mimicker and in those who are sensitive can cause a protein overload like reaction. Since there is *a lot* of coconut in the Aloeba conditioner, if you were sensitive, I’d expect a drastic reaction even after a single use. If you suspect this is the issue, do a clarifying wash and a moisture treatment."
roundy_yums,ljn0vh,Maybe try a deep condition with heat (plastic cap on wet conditioned hair + hot towel or heat cap on top for 30 minutes)? I actually really like the jessicurl deep conditioner but I’m sure you’d want to try a brand you trust! Good luck!
sparkyheathen,ljn0vh,"Help, please. What did I do?&&&I recently tried a sample of Jessicurl Gentle Lather shampoo and Jessicurl Aloeba Daily conditioner. My hair feels really awful now. It’s dry and tangling like crazy. I’ve tried washing and conditioning with my other products to fix it and it’s not really working. My hair still feels awful. What should I do? I miss my soft hair.

I have fine, wavy hair. I have recently been using HairStory New Wash. Just past shoulder length. Typically air dry. Minimal product usage.&&&Definitely not gradual. Thank you for the detailed reply! My hair has enjoyed HairStory, so maybe it’s the coconut. Hmmm&&&Awesome. Thank you! Forgive my ignorance, but what is dc?"
above-average-pasta,ljlbd6,"How to fix curls / waves after a bad haircut.&&&So my state opened up salons a couple of weeks ago, and I decided to schedule a cut. I’ve been going to the same lady for a decade, and I thought it would be nice to switch it up by paying a bit more and seeing how things turn out. 

My hair normally clumps in  “s” shaped waves with a decent amount of loose spirals and was below bra strap level. I told the new hair dresser that I was hoping for more volume and curl, but that I’d defer to her suggestions about length and style. 

She cut this super choppy top layer that lands around my jawline. The next layer/the full length of my hair is now a few inches below my jaw. She used a razor blade and cut my hair wet which I’m reading  are both not solid curly hair techniques. 

The problem here is that my curl seems to have totally disappeared on the top layer and is barely present on the bottom layer. Just like little clumps of mostly straight hair. I’ve washed and restyled it since the cut and no luck. 

I’m SO disappointed. I don’t usually spend money on things like excessively expensive hair cuts and have been making progress defining my curls after having stopped straightening my hair about a year ago. 


I’ve been reading that a recut sometimes is helpful but I don’t want my hair any shorter. Any suggestions for how to regain the texture of my hair?"
Glued-Up,ljjhla,"I don't like my curls or waves looking full of product or have a ""wet"" look at all. But I really think you would benefit from using more gel. When I ""refresh"", hell even after styling on wash day, I see any frizzy patches, when dry.. I rewet them, put emulsified gel on fingers and in palm of hand.. I then will twist (in the curls natural direction), that clump around my fingers, push (I don't scrunch i hate the weird, unpredictable shape it creates for pieces that need encouragement, my curls can handle scrunching,  but not my wavy pieces) against my scalp for the count of 15, gently let it fall, and with my palm kinda circle the clump in my palm and gently push up again. It creates perfect clumps. I would simple rewet, use your Denman brush or whatever you style with, and more gel. Again i like my hair too appear product less, like yours....but thats the easiest way to get my combination of very wavy too curly hair without frizz. I personally really like Miss Jessica ""Jelly Soft Curls"", the cast is very minimal, and its hold for my fine, yet really high density hair, is amazing.
Have you tried the Verb ""ghost oil""?? Lastly its winter, we are all going thru this dry crap..iv been using Opalex 3 more this winter bc of cold damage, I would definitely start the new year off with a good Opalex 3 treatment, see if it it eliminates some of the frizz. If not accept it, or again just the frizzy pieces, patches, re-wet, style with more gel."
Thatglassesgirl,ljjhla,"Now vs 2 months ago! Still working to find the right combination to enhance definition of my waves.&&&&&&My routine changes frequently but right now I’m using: 

In shower: either As I am Coconut Cowash or Brigeo low-poo. Currently using brigeo conditioner. Rinse upside down, comb hair. 

Out of shower:
Curls Blueberry Bliss leave in conditioner 
Not your mothers Curl Talk Gel 
Microplop 
Air dry 

Refresh day: spritz with water mixed with some leave in conditioner. Re-scrunch hair and apply more gel if needed. Use Shea Moisture Finishing Oil on hair to try and tame frizz."
yellow_tshirt,ljjhla,"It's great progress! My hair is very similar. I started using a curl enhancer after the leave in conditioner and it helps with curl definition. I realized my frizz were curls ready to form. Those frizzy pieces are now my babies, they are now my favorite part of my hair"
greatlizardo,ljjc5g,"Decided to stop straightening and turns out i have wavy hair, surprise! pls help&&&&&&it feels a bit like straw (prob from years of heat damage plus colour) and it just seems untidy. I've bought marc anthony strictly curls foam and a coco butter conditioner to help, and I'm learning how to use a diffuser. 
any other ideas how to make this look a bit more office friendly? I am in court a lot and it needs to be a little less wild."
smil1473,ljjc5g,"Have you tried any sort of moisturizing mask?  I like to use those every so often (once to shield myself from a Colorado winter ice trip and it was so good....this was before I started wavy hair care), mostly to combat the straw like ends from 12+ months between cuts.  

Also gel and/or mousse to keep the curl clumps together and tame those independent hairs (they equal frizz).  I've started using a combination of curl creme and gel on my lengths, with some mousse on my roots.  I think I'm getting the frizz tamed, but it's still a learning process."
1-800-1800,ljgsre,"In need of help finding products for 2b/2c hair, what do you suggest?&&&Lately I haven’t been loving how my hair has been turning out and looking for products you guys can suggest based on my hair type. I think I have low porosity hair? I did the hair strand in a bowl and waited for 5 mins and did not sank. I have a combination of fine and some strands that are bumpy and wiry. After I shower my hair tends too look not so bad, it feels soft and can see my curls and then after a couple of hours it just goes limp, flat and dry. Is it my conditioner not hydrating my hair enough? Wrong products?  I use fragrance free shampoo and alternate to head and shoulders when my scalp gets flaky and I drops of peppermint oil and massage that to my hair and then I use the generic matrix biolage conditioner, I sometimes use L’oreal curve it mousse or nothing at all. The mousse isn’t so bad but doesn’t hold my curls long enough. I’ve tried herbal essence mousse and it dried my hair so bad, I’ve tried the Aussie Instant freeze gel and it just made my hair way to soft and straight. What is going on with my hair?! :(&&&Thanks! I'll try that out, I did use mousse today and I decided to put pure aloe vera gel on my hair and it actually gave me more volume and increased my wavy texture :)"
Istinline,ljgsre,"Hmmm, dropped and limp curls after wash day could be a combination or things.
Moisture overload or glycerin reaction or even too much product used on wash days. 

Lo po and fine hair typically needs to be clarified more often, needs protein, and use indirect heat when using a treatment. 

I’d recommend clarifying, doing a protein treatment, seeing how your hair reacts and then balancing your product lineup with more protein or less. If that doesn’t work I would suggest removing humectants like glycerin from your line up.
I hope this helps and good luck!"
Pey777,ljgsre,"Hello! Might be a couple things. Take all this with a grain of salt, because I don’t know what your hair looks or feels like.

The main question I have is how long have you been cg/modified cg? Also, I would not rely to heavily on the porosity test. The cup test is not very great at indicating porosity (I wish it were though!).

Oftentimes buying more products is not the answer, but in this case it actually might be. If you are lost on what products to use, what I’d recommend to anyone is go to Sally and get the Zoto’s all about curls sample box. It’s $10 and the products work really well together! This may help you narrow down the causes of what’s going on.

You said you use peppermint oil on your scalp, and if I read it right, you go right in with conditioner afterwards. I wouldn’t recommend this, essential oils are really potent and should not be used undiluted. If you are diluting, I still wouldn’t recommend. Oil can definitely weigh down wavy hair and cause some of the problems you mentioned.

Anyways it would help to know how long you have been cg and have pictures."
anon_purple,ljgsre,"Can you tell us more about this Zoto’s sample box?  Does it have several brands, or are the ingredients easy to understand?"
Pey777,ljfsq6,Depends! What is your hair like?
Plantlaadyy,ljfsq6,"Which shampoo/conditioner should I buy?&&&

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/ljfsq6)&&&That’s why I listed 3, 4 and 5. 4 and 5 are the bond maintenance shampoo and conditioner.&&&I’ve always had issues with breakage! I love pureology products so that’s why I am leaning that route. But I want to make sure my money is well spent on what’s best for my wavy hair"
cheeseheadrunning,ljfsq6,"I'm using strength cure shampoo and conditioner until my next wash day (I ran out). Its good, but not perfect. The conditioner doesn't have the best slip but if you're having issues with breakage it'll be your best friend.   
   
I'm switching to innersense (I got a curly cut and it's what he used & recommended, and it smells SO GOOD). Prior to the cut I was planning on switching to bounce curl."
pilfernoodles,ljfsq6,"olaplex 3 isn’t  a shampoo or a conditioner; it is a separate hair treatment. Please do not use it in place of a shampoo or conditioner. 

if you’re planning to follow cgm, only 3 is approved last I checked."
Lilvegangirl,ljduux,"Wash day results! Did a deep conditioning today and my hair loved it.&&&&&&Routine today: wash with Jozi curls hydrating shampoo, condition with Jozi curls moisturizing conditioner. No through hair, squish to condish and allow to sit on hair for at least five minutes. Plop with a tshirt for 5 minutes, then spray jozi curls curl enhancing spray into hair (upside down). Apply NYM curl talk mousse with prayer hands upside down. Diffuse to 80% dry and let it air dry the rest of the way!

Hair porosity is low, and I have thick but fine hair."
WavyChoy,ljduux,Super pretty! I want your length!
flyingburritogirl,ljduux,Love! My goal is to get my hair this long!!
AwfulRaccoon,ljbnbe,"I had trouble getting front waves too but they show up more and more over time. I think our top/front hairs take a lot more damage because we can see them. They’re the ones most likely to be highlighted, heat styled, & brushed."
GreyDiamond735,ljbnbe,"I don't know why switch to condish makes such a big difference, but it does! Your hair's looking awesome"
cncld4dncng,ljbnbe,"So happy with my results lately! I used to think the “squish to condish” method was BS, but then I actually tried it and my front waves are finally showing up!!&&&&&&Thank you! I appreciate that🥺&&&It seriously makes no sense but it works! Thanks :)&&&Posted in comments&&&Routine: put some coconut oil in my scalp about 5 minutes before hopping in the shower. This helps my dandruff/dry scalp in Utah. Instead of doing one big wash, I do two small washes with ColorProof SuperRich shampoo. I don’t think this shampoo is the best for me, but it’s what I have. I try to get the crown of my head the most. After that, condition with ColorProof SuperRich conditioner. I do one small condition (1 pump), brush it out with the WetBrush for thick hair, then do a big condition (2 pumps) and try to “squish to condish.” After I gently rinse it out, I apply Not Your Mother’s curl cream to my soaking wet hair. I also applied the DevaCurl gel (I know🤢) but only today, because I’m experimenting with it. I bought it a year ago and don’t want to waste it, but it does nothing! Then I wrapped my hair in a T-shirt for 30 minutes and air dried the rest. 

I have 2A hair, with amazing waves in the back and struggle waves in the front. I have no clue what my porosity is, as I’ve bleached it. My hair is hella thick though (each strand is thin, but I have tons of it). Takes like 4 hours to fully try. 

I’m open to any suggestions, I am just not in the position to try them right now unless they are super cheap lol! Would love to get a curly cut sometime, if anyone has any Utah recommendations that’d be great. Current stylist has no clue what to do."
iridescent_felines,ljbnbe,"This is my goal, your hair is soo pretty."
crystalballerrr,lj9jky,"Maybe my best wash day EVER!&&&&&&Love Beauty and Planet Positively Shine Shampoo + Conditioner

(Set angle with wide tooth comb if necessary)

NYM 10 in 1 spray 

Uncle Funky’s Daughter Curly Magic (glaze and scrunch into hair)

Curlsmith Hair Makeup Gel in Rose Gold (praying hands and roping, then scrunch)

Diffuse (Conair Purewrap) until 80% dry on lowest heat, high speed (otherwise my hair takes 84 years to dry) - I hover diffuse a little bit up side down on level 2 heat to dry my roots first then scrunch diffuse on low heat"
Blackatt,lj8z8p,Really pretty! :)
WavyChoy,lj8z8p,So pretty!!
ckeeman,lj8z8p,"My waves are so similar to yours, except that yours are GOALS! 😍"
flyingburritogirl,lj8z8p,"My hair may not be perfect but I really like how it turned out today ☺️ (minus the halo frizz)&&&&&&Thank you!&&&You’re way too kind 🥰&&&🥰&&&Thank you so much! I only started curl training recently and I think it’s really starting to make a difference 😊&&&Aw thank you, I’m sure yours look great too though!&&&Thank you ☺️&&&Routine:
Brush hair through before washing, apply a conditioner to help detangle, shampoo right side up, apply conditioner from mid shaft to end, finger detangle and do some finger coiling, squish to condish, spray in detangler and squish, microplop, let dry for a few minutes, glaze and squish either a mousse or gel into hair flipping from side to side, microplop again. Let air dry for a few minutes and diffuse (combination of hover and pixie). I didn’t list the products I use because I change it up pretty often but I am trying to be more consistent and only change to one product at a time!"
lilaknoedel,lj8z8p,Beautiful waves!
millygraceandfee,lj8z8p,"I think your wave/curl pattern looks awesome! Great wash day.  I don't see the frizz that you do. Keep at it, train your hair & eventually every wash day will be a success.  Thanks for sharing!"
thatkafkaguy,lj8z8p,"Gonna tell you that, if that it's not perfection, it's pretty close"
