index,id,comments
Cucalope,ow4hhq,"I'm pretty sure your hair type is beautiful. You look like you could have curled it for a wedding and everyone would think you spent so much time on your hair! For your actual pattern, maybe 2B or 2C, it's more of a big beautiful ringlet than a defined S wave. So I'm going with giant pretty curls!"
Lwagga,ow4hhq,Is “shiny” a hair type?
MrsRadioJunk,ow4hhq,"Try adding mousse when it's wet before bed. And, if you don't roll too much, scoop your hair up when laying on your pillow (so like scrunch it then lay on the scrunched hair). When you wake up you can add in a bit more mousse or gel or hairspray to help it hold better."
Retiredgiverofboners,ow4hhq,3a curls
Smart-Cable6,ow4hhq,Wavy hair normally loses its shape trough the day. If you sleep with wet hair some styling in the eneving could help you keep that shape longer. But I’m styrting myself so I don’t have much more tips.
_here_for_the_stuff,ow4hhq,Beautiful is what it is
adorkablefights,ow4hhq,My guess is 2b
joycorgi,ow4hhq,Does anyone know what my hair type is?&&&&&&I've always struggled with inconsistent hair my curls are never the same. I dont ever style it I sleep with wet hair and just let it live. I use a leave in conditioner and gel. My hair looks nice when I wake up but by the end of the day it gets flat
julybunny,ow4hhq,"Probably wavy hair (2b or so). I have the same hair. I styled using a mousse cast on wet hair and broke the cast and it stayed very wavy (about 2c) but after a couple of hours my hair falls out of shape and reverts to 2b. You might have the same? Btw, your hair looks really shiny & healthy so whatever you’re doing keep it up 👍🏼"
mimibabyy,ow4hhq,2B or 2C
sickly-survivor,ow4hhq,Pretty type
tuc0theugly,ow4hhq,"I believe we call that, hair:}"
Aromatic_Mousse,ow3tz9,"Get your hands damp and praying hands/scrunch with that. Spraying makes my hair all frizzy and gnarly, wet hands just resets the cast. By day three I usually add a spritz of Redken One United to my palms and do the same. It just helps it calm down a bit and loosen up any crusties in the cast."
BlinkerBeforeBrake,ow3tz9,"My hair does NOT love to refresh - only soak & start over. Tips?&&&Hello! I’ve been trying to get the knack of refreshing for a while. Most of the time I don’t need to, but there are days I have plans after the gym. For context, I have 2C hair in the top layer and 2B in the bottom layer, dense but fine-ish hair, and fairly average porosity.

Here’s what I’ve tried. Open to any suggestions!

- Spritzing water and adding more gel. This tends to make my top layer frizzier, and heavier loaded with product.
- Using just Not Your Mother’s salty beach wave spray. Best effect, but made my hair feel absolutely disgusting. Couldn’t even use the next day.
- Spritzing water and scrunching existing product. Doesn’t seem to do much, and gets frizzier. 
- Soaking just the curls in the shower and then air drying them. This gets rid of all the product, and my hair gets gross.
- Raking curly creme through my hair. Doesn’t do anything with all the tangles, and damages my hair."
Dittany_Kitteny,ow3tz9,"One thing that works well for me is refreshing with steam. I’ll hop in the shower with my hair up in a bun/shower cap, wash my face and body, and then then off the shower but while it’s still steamy in the bathroom, let my hair down and gently scrunch with damp hands."
Glued-Up,ow3tz9,"Try Curls, Lavish Curl Moisturizer, its the only way I refresh, I spray in my hands coat hair, and waves/curls POPPING for going on 9 days"
ImprovingSilence,ow3tz9,[Dry Refresh!](https://youtu.be/uheSDqJzrI0)
Mirrranda,ow3tz9,"Something I just tried recently that I think worked well was wetting with a spray bottle, squishing some gel in (less than I would use on a wash day) and then styling with a wet brush. I basically use it in the same way many folks style with a denman by brushing in the direction of the natural wave and twisting around the handle. It works for me because otherwise my refresh looks stringy and/or frizzy. BUT I know most people advise only combing/brushing in the shower with conditioner in so YMMV!"
Old-Mortgage8952,ow3tz9,I am still trying methods. Hopefully I can find something but I am just starting g to think that maybe I need to wash/cowash every other day for good waves and curls. Maybe I’ll find something that works or maybe this will be ok! Wash and wet when you need to with no guilt :)
ShmokeanduhPancake,ow3tz9,Yup. I gotta wash. No way around it for me.
Spirited_Duty_462,ow3tz9,I read (or watched) somewhere recently that if your waves have a hard time holding and/or refreshing it could be due to moisture overload or protein deficiency. I have the same issue after certain wash days with real heavy & moisturizing products. I was thinking about trying a clarifying wash day with protein products and seeing if that helps my waves hold & refresh better. It makes sense because if you’re using refresh products with moisturizing ingredients it will only make the issue worse.
_grasss,ow3tz9,This has been the only refresh method that has worked for me! There are videos on youtube of the method by Marisa Curls if you’re a visual person like me
cowsaysmeow14,ow3tz9,"My hair also doesn't love a ""damp"" refresh, prefers to be quite wet, but at least it dries fast. 

I find smoothing down the hair at my crown with wet hands helps with the frizz up top (and sometimes I'll put a tiny bit of mousse up there as well if it's really OOC). 

My hair is ultra fine, dense and high porosity. I also find leave-in conditioners make the frizz go extra without adding any definition AND weigh down the ends FWIW, so as far as styling I tend to stick to just gel or mousse."
duracraft_fan,ow3tz9,"I have purchased several refresh sprays, made just for refreshing curly hair on non wash days. They are hydrating and smell great and don’t leave my hair feeling weird at all!

I have the Pattern hydrating mist and the Tropical Moringa restorative spray"
kgberton,ow3tz9,Some of us are just like this. Some of us can't have refreshes.
lanq143,ow3tz9,same for me! i personally like to get mine pretty wet and then microplop after to get rid of the water. that was a game changer for me. basically blot gently with a microfiber towel (holding towel in open palm and pushing it upwards but not scrunching).
maraq,ow3tz9,"I spritz with water, scrunch in some leave in conditioner (smoothing over any frizz) and then add a little gel or mousse. The conditioner helps my hair reclump like it does when freshly washed (not quite but almost)."
pjj165,ow3tz9,"Try adding water using your hands instead of a spray bottle. Here is how I do it: I get my hands soaking wet (dripping wet) with water from the sink, and add a bit of whatever product I am using but much less than what you would use to style it the first time. Then rub the product in between the hands to mix it with the water, adding more water to your hands if needed to get the right consistency (which will be different for everyone) and use prayer hands to apply that to one side of the head, and then scrunch in. Repeat for other side. It should be only just damp and shouldn’t take too long to dry and then SOTC. I find this method works really good for mousse, or also for softer and more liquidy gels, and creams (like a leave in conditioner) but doesn’t work great for hard hold gels or anything with a very thick consistency"
shiny__happy__people,ow3tz9,"I do this, but with a tiny amount of conditioner. It helps to keep down the frizz and send to reactivate the gel, causing another cast."
thatoldgoat,ow3tz9,"I have similar hair, though I’d say my hair is low porosity. Needless to say, what works for me is: JUST hard hold gel out of the shower after washing, micro plop, spray some sea salt spray on my roots, diffuse, SOTC when dry and then I add the tiniest amount of pomade in when dry. To refresh the next day, I wet my hands and run them over my hair (like I’m pulling my hair into a pony tail or two pig tails) so my hair is damp, then I’ll either scrunch in some sea salt spray or the pomade or balm I used the day before in. And I mean a tiny amount, like a pea size or less. I hope that is helpful"
tquinn04,ow3tz9,When I refresh I need something that adds hold as well. I also need something that I can use without applying it with my hands because that makes it even frizzier. I like alcohol free hair spray or I have a refresh spray from Aussie that I love. I just spray and it hit it with my diffuser again and my hair looks better than wash days.
Licha19,ow0r9p,"yes, denman first, then gel, then scrunch scrunch scrunch"
WeAreStarless,ow0r9p,"in my experience, i gotta do a ton of scrunching after i use the denman to put the curl back in"
camus-is-absurd,ow0r9p,Personally any brush I put in my hair pulls it frizzy straight immediately.
rkasr,ow0r9p,"Gel plus denman&&&On wet hair, I applied lots of gel then used a denman. It made my hair very straight. Should I use the denman before gel?"
Sleambean,ovzrxw,"Curly mop haircut - happiest I've ever been!&&&&&&Routine: wash with shea moisture 10 in 1 shampoo, condition with superdrug coconut water conditioner, diffuse with moroccanoil curl cream :) Most washes I also use a bit of jojoba oil and sea salt spray (bumble and bumble), and I occasionally clarify with the bumble and bumble sunday shampoo as I live in an area with hard water."
Mirrranda,ovy7zh,"Do you happen to have a Wet brush? It really helps with detangling, especially when the hair is wet with conditioner in it! Sorry you’re in a tough spot - I hope you get to feeling better soon."
helloooolilfleur,ovy7zh,"Ooh I’ve definitely been there too. I find it’s easiest for me to separate the matte as much as possible with my fingers and slather in whatever slippery product I have most of at the time (usually a leave in or conditioner). While that’s sitting, I get comfy in a spot that won’t get too messy while I detangle because I like putting on my favorite comfort show as I work. Add in more product or water when I feel like there’s not enough slip, and then I just focus on the entertainment as I brush it all out with my wet brush (it helps me feel less frustrated with myself and keeps me from brushing too hard/fast).

Hopefully this helps! Wishing you all the best <3"
jdnck,ovy7zh,super matted hair… how can i make it easier to brush out?&&&i know this isn’t the typical post but i’m desperate. i’ve been really depressed lately and haven’t brushed or washed my hair in a week and a half. the underside is all sorts of matted and i’m wondering if you guys have any tips or tricks to make it easier to brush out because it’s almost impossible right now. please and thank you so much in advance&&&i do and thank you so much
lvndrbrwn,ovy7zh,"Manes by Mell on Instagram did a story on this today. She mentions doing a pre-shampoo oil treatment. Shampoo as usual, and use the slipperiest conditioner you have to detangle. I think the key is to add enough slippery product and be patient as it may take awhile."
Old-Mortgage8952,ovu2ys,Agreed that probably drying before bed will solve this problem. My hair looks janky as hell if I go to sleep wet. If it’s late I will often put on my products and style it then plop for 45 minutes to an hour while I’m doing other things and then just a fuse at the rest of the way which only takes about 10 minutes after that long plop.
alexisseffy,ovu2ys,"Hair is tangled and crusty in the morning!&&&I scrunch my hair with get when it's wet, right after my shower. I detangle my hair with my fingers in the shower, with conditioner. When I wake up in the morning though, my hair is quite tangled. Maybe I should try a comb? And also there isn't much of a hard cast, but I can feel the gel in my hair. Maybe I need more gel? I have waves in the morning, but they don't stay very well. I have to detangle.my hair again in the morning bc it looks like a rat nest lmao. And it kind of ruins the waves. Also my hair doesn't feel soft with gel, even after I scrunch out the crunch I can feel residue. I can't rlly tie my hair up at night without ruining my waves. Does anyone have advice to form a hard cast and keep my hair from getting tangled without brushing out the waves?&&& I go to bed with my hair wet, bc it takes a while to dry and I shower late. But I'll shower earlier to let it dry. And I use a silk pillowcase. Tysm for the advice! Maybe I'll consider a mousse&&&Thanks for the advice! I'll try showering earlier to let it dry"
sammyllewe,ovu2ys,"I would try using a wet brush in the shower to ensure your hair is 100% detangled. I will actually also gently dry brush my hair with the Behairful brush before I shower as I tend to get some matting at the nape of my neck.

Are you showering and styling at night? If so, make sure your hair is completely drying before going to bed.

As for a cast, I've found pairing a mousse with a gel works well for me. I wet brush the mousse through my hair then scrunch and just glaze with some gel and scrunch. 

If you're not wearing your hair up at night, are you sleeping on a satin or silk pillow?"
josetheconquerer,ovremg,"I am no expert, but this looks like protein overload. And the stretch test never worked for me cause I dye my hair sometimes, so it will always break. I know I have too much moisture when my hair feels kinda gummy, and too much protein when it frizzes out like in your first pic. On my moisture days, I don’t use any shampoo or conditioner with any protein. It helps me, but I have super fine, thin, 2a/2b hair.

The back looks amazing 🤩"
naturallady80,ovremg,"Why? Help&&&&&&This was super helpful. Thank you!&&&I realize I need to do more upright styling because the upside down styling isn’t getting my face-framing pieces. But is the cause of the frizz and separation lack of protein or lack of moisture or both?? 

My low po routine:

NYMN Blue Sea Kale & Coconut Water weightless hydration shampoo then conditioner (both protein-free) denman, s2c.
Completely rinse out to reduce humectants in hair

Ecoslay Rice Pudding Leave In Conditioner, 2 pumps, s2c

Giovanni Weightless Mousse, 3 pumps, denman to distribute, scrunch

Uncle Funky’s Daughter Curly Magic, 1.5 pumps, prayer hands

QUICKLY Giovanni Mouuse again 3 pumps, rope, scrunch

Wet plop ~3 min 

Dry plop ~3 min

Scrunch with microfiber to get out moisture

With wet hands, a little Evolvh Wonderbalm

Tie up in pineapple for overnight

Once a month I do Ecoslay Matcha Boost Protein Treatment (5 min no heat) + Ecoslay Banana Cream Leave-In (45-60 min under heat cap)

Thank you!!!

PS I prefer natural/EWG-approved product recs. I’ve given up on organic, non-humectant hair care without coconut oil but I prefer to avoid harmful chemicals.&&&I'm glad you can relate. Thank you!!&&&After reading everyone's comments I think I discovered solutions! THANK YOU everyone!

Problem #1: Lack of moisture on frizzy parts, not protein overload. There was a poor balance but not a protein overload. I did a protein treatment and ensured I coated my roots (which I usually do not) and my style came out SO WELL.

I flip my hair a lot when I wear it down/casually and I'm realizing the trick is to flip my hair around and coat the top of my roots with all product while I am wet styling after my shower. Strands at the top of my head are not getting saturated with product with upside down styling even when brushing the product through.

Problem #2: Frizz halo elimination. I had a bottle of CurlMix Moisturizing Jojoba Flax Seed Gel lying around that I had previously put off to the side. This product was NOT a good sub for an aloe-based styling gel for me. It barely gave me curls and the jojoba weighed my waves down. HOWEVER, it is the PERFECT frizz halo touch-up! This product's consistency is totally more cream-like than gel-like, which makes it a bad fit for thin-stranded low-po's in wet styling. However, a half-pump of the flax seed gel + the tiiiniest bit of argan oil + a splash of water was PERFECT for controlling the frizz halo. Essentially just prayer hands and patting as I gently flipped my hair around.

The photos I posted above were my hair after I spent maybe a total of 10 minutes outside on a humid day. I made the changes I described in this post before getting my photo taken outside on a hot, fairly humid day. I was flipping my hair a bunch. I was sweating a bunch. The curls still held and I had no frizz halo after 1.5 hours of this harsh curl treatment. I was SHOCKED. Best hair outcome of my life. I hope this helps someone else!"
petrichor_unicorn,ovremg,"To me it looks like you have a lack of moisture. I've noticed that the NYM line can tend to be too light for some people. A good way to tell is the stretch test. It may also be helpful to try out a cream or gel rather than a mousse. I like all of the NYM curl talk styling products, the only one i haven't tried is the gel."
sno98006,ovremg,"Every time I notice my front pieces getting frizzy I rewet them, coat each clump w/ gel, and finger roll them individually. I find this helps really maintain definition in the front. Can’t say much about protein moisture balance sorry as I never think about it bc low porosity :/"
theromanticpink,ovremg,"My hair looks similar to yours and I also have no idea if its lacking protein, moisture, both? I'm still trying to figure it out so I'm gonna be following this for everyone's suggestions lol

I will say that gel always makes me hair look a lot more frizzy and messy than when I only put a curl cream. I've only tried the NYM curl talk gel though. I also cannot do upside down styling. It makes my hair way too messy looking with it knotting and weird volume and doesn't lay right. So I always to my styling upright and plop in an upright position where I just gather my hair upwards in the t-shirt."
tonicspark,ovremg,"Try cutting back on the Ecoslay leave-in. Protein can make your hair frizzy if there is an overload. Rice protein molecules are too large for my hair to absorb so I prefer flaxseed and sometimes quinoa. Mousse also makes the hair too fluffy if you aren't careful, I like it best for root volume or on a very minimal product wash day. Try deep conditioning, make sure to add sufficient water. A curl cream or leave in without protein or a very slight amount of it and maybe just a gel at first to see if that helped. If it isn't as volumized as you'd like use the mousse as a refresher after adding more curl cream/leave-in."
Anxious_Angel_,ovkx85,What hair type is this? 2b? Very thick and gets frizzy in humidity. (In this pic the hair has been air dried)&&&
Old-Mortgage8952,ovkx85,Would say 1c-2a
Automatic_Net_5107,ovjmx8,"I'm a big fan of NotYourMothers Naturals line. They're affordable and all sulfate, silicone, and paraben free! Also anything from curlsmith if you're willing to Splurge. But you'll be glad you did 😍😅"
Autumnwood,ovjmx8,"My hair is exactly like yours. I tried Shea moisture products once. I gave it away. My hair LOVES shea but not that product.

  


You might like to try Not Your Mother's products. I use the Gardenia blossom and Mango butter shampoo (pink bottle) and it makes my hair clean and fluffy and my fingers able to go easily through the hair. But skip the conditioner. One try and it gunked up my hair. I want to take that back but threw out the receipt.

  


Try also the NYM Curly Girl (white containers with pink writing) products. Every single one is great on my hair so far. The hair cream after shampoo, and the scalp treatment oil relieves itchiness so well."
CaptainCrapula,ovjmx8,"I have very dense, but very easily weighed down waves, and I've had the best results avoiding anything with heavy butters and coconut in it and getting a very lightweight gel. Also about one or twice a month (or whenever my hair is feeling blah), I shampoo my hair twice and it makes a huge difference.

Also, if whatever you was using before worked, then go back to it! CGM are guidelines, not rules 😆"
HonestlyRespectful,ovjmx8,"If you liked how your hair looked before using your old products, go back to that. Shea moisture and Cantu are heavy products, period, which is why it's oily and flat, and dry. I might be a little biased because I prefer my hair to look like your first pic. Beautiful hair, girl!"
Maironad,ovjmx8,Jessicurl products are my holy grail. They don’t weigh my hair down and I still have curls on day 2 and 3.
MsJimenez333what,ovjmx8,"Those products are usually for tight curl patterns because they're so heavy. Some wavies get good results from the products and really I wouldn't call this bad results just not if you want volume. I love using Living proof full conditioner, I use it as a leave in too because the products are pricey and it saves me money and works well. I use a different shampoo the one I've always used because my hair was always healthy I just didn't realize it was wavy."
TheDickDuchess,ovjmx8,"shea moisture and cantu are primarily for black hair i believe! so even though it's marketed for ""thick"" curls, it really means thick, black curls. i've heard good things about pacifica and maui moisture!! i've heard quinn is a good resource for cgm, lots of users with different hair types."
bazXO,ovjmx8,"Best shampoo/conditioner for my hair type? Thick, wavy but after using Shea moisture it’s gone oily and flat. Help!&&&&&&Thank you!! I may as well go back to Pantene haha I switched as well because I saw so many tik toks about all the terrible chemicals in those brands but I’ve seriously never noticed.&&&Yeah I think I was to enhance my waves and also just get super shiny and health looking hair but it feels less healthy honestly! I might try the conditioner as a leave in or try the smoothie as I’ve heard that’s great.&&&I started using Shea Moisture Coconut and Hibiscus shampoo and conditioner and now my hair just constantly looks like shiny/oily and it’s just flat. It makes the end of my hair dry and I’m so confused because I thought it was for thick hair!

I really want to make the most of my waves like ong he pictures above and I’m just confused as to why brand to use that has good ingredients! Is there a better Shea moisture line that I should be using?

Thanks!&&&Thank you! Guess I’m switching back to Pantene hahah&&&Thank you! ❤️"
lanq143,ovjmx8,it looks soooo pretty! whatever you were doing in the first pic looks like peak goals to me..
rapunzlvr,ovjmx8,Absolutely gorgeous long hair!!
4409293,ovjdlk,I have no advice but your curls are beautiful :)
HistorySquirrel,ovjdlk,I find that diffusing upside down helps give a bit more wave at the roots but I will say that I think your hair looks awesome the way it is :)
HonestlyRespectful,ovjdlk,"If it's at the top, I don't see how you would cut it to make it curlier. It doesn't look damaged, it looks healthy. This is perfectly normal. You can try scrunching and diffusing upside down, and really concentrating on the roots, but if it doesn't work, then it's just how your hair is, which is fine!"
MsARumphius,ovjdlk,I think it looks awesome! Sorry not what you were looking for but your hair is my goal. I like the smooth top/wavy bottom look.
MsJimenez333what,ovjdlk,"This is pretty normal, looser wave patterns rarely start at the root you're hair is beautiful by the way."
NarwhalZiesel,ovjdlk,This!!! I got my hair cut in a long modern shag and it was a game changer for my waves. I have never lived my hair so much. Find someone who does a dry cut that works with your texture instead of against it.
NorCaliChick,ovjdlk,"Root clips and defusing upside down helped my hair with lack luster volume, and some waves on the top. Hope this helps!"
ProcrastinatingPaula,ovjdlk,I just wanted to stop and say your hair in this photo is like my dream hair goals!
Slammogram,ovjdlk,I’m not finding her by looking that up.  What’s her handle
_skylark,ovjdlk,"I have the same thing and I’ve embraced it. The only thing I’ve found that helps is bangs and crown layers -  basically a few shorter layers of hair at the top of your head. I follow a hairdresser on IG, Jayne from Edo Salon who works with shags and she has online bangs and crown layer cutting class so you can DIY it."
gailmartineau,ovjdlk,Beautiful! And mine does the same thing!
gardenia_tea,ovjdlk,"Top of hair won’t curl/wave like bottom?&&&&&&Thank you so much!! ❤️ I’ll keep looking into more diffusing tutorials, specifically for fine waves :)&&&Aw thank you!! That does reassure me. I imagine this is especially true if your hair is on the finer side :’)&&&Yeah I see what you mean, I know others who asked for more crown layers, for some it worked, others not so much. Either way you have a good point, might as well embrace it as I experiment :)&&&Hi!! I’ve started my wavy hair journey since January 2021. I used to blow dry my hair straight and brush my hair through everyday (yikes) but I never coloured/bleached. Ive noticed that my hair is 2b/2c on the bottom and straight-ish on the top. It’s a bit frustrating because I do wish to have more volume up there, and it contrasts with the width and definition I have at the bottom. 

I know some curlies/wavies have this as a natural curl pattern, but there’s been a few times where a piece or two of my top layer would curl like the bottom and underneath layer. I’m wondering if it could be damage that needs to be cut off? I feel like I’ve hit a road block. Is it possible to make it happen?

This picture was taken almost 2 weeks after my haircut. I’m not sure how many layers I have, but my hairstylist is comfortable working with natural wavy/curly hair and I like him a lot.

Diffusing is sort of a hit or miss for me because i find it doesn’t last long nor does it provide definition on the top. 

Any help would be greatly appreciated :)

Wash Day Routine:
-Livingproof Shampoo+Conditioner (brushed through)
-Living Proof Curl Definer (raked and brush styled)
-Living Proof Curl Gel (Prayer hands)
-Plopped in microfibre towel 10 min then air dry
-scrunch and fluffed with Living proof curl oil when dried

Night Time Routine:
-Pineapple with cord hair tie&&&I heard about root clips!! I was thinking about investing into those. Will definitely check them out, thanks!&&&Good to know I’m not the only one :) I just recently got curtain bangs and I love them!! Since my next cut isn’t that far away, I will ask for a shag, I really like the style already. Thank you for the ideas!&&&Really?? That makes me so happy to hear because the smooth top makes me feel like a faker 😭 (ridiculous thinking I know) thank you! Your kind words mean a lot to me&&&Awh! thank you so much :’) I think it is as well! From what I heard it’s just how our natural curl pattern goes. I tried finger coiling but not pinning it when doing so :0 I’ll give it a try&&&You’re way too sweet!! Thank you for making my day, it means a lot 😭&&&Lol yep! Hope the advice on the comments help you out as well. Although I think it’s important to start learning to embrace it too :)&&&What?? No way! 😆 aww that makes me feel a lot self conscious. Thank you! I’m sure your hair is gorgeous too!&&&Ahhh really? thank you so much ☺️ I’m sure yours is beautiful too!&&&Thank you!! I’m glad ☺️❤️ was worried about all that blow drying lol&&&Aww it’s okay thank you!! I’m sure your hair is gorgeous❤️&&&Ooo yes!! I love the shag haircut and will definitely ask for that next time!! Thanks for the awesome advice!!"
kamomil,ovjdlk,I think it still looks great! It looks so healthy.
la_jirafa888,ovjdlk,"Have your hairdresser trim your hair into a modern shag. They will pop beautifully! My top curls didn’t shine until I did this and no amount of diffusing upside down helped. I like to diffuse the roots, plop for 20 minutes, then diffuse and let the rest air dry. That’s what works for me!"
lanq143,ovjdlk,"it doesn’t look damaged at all, it’s pretty! mine is always like this too i think it may be a genetic thing? you could try finger coiling and pinning the top parts when wet?"
onehundredirection,ovjdlk,"Even I’ve the exact same issue, I find it so annoying!"
the_hardest_part,ovjdlk,You have my dream hair!
sno98006,ovj9aa,"Sometimes I question if my hair is even wavy but I can get my hair to get to like this. Too bad they didn’t last the whole day. :/&&&&&&Routine: Head N Shoulders smoothing shampoo, suave coconut condition, living proof curl enhancer for waves, and Harry’s hair gel. Microplop and the diffuse my hair upside plopped on a bed spisha style for 30 minutes. Used medium heat and high speed. Scrunched out the crunch with jojoba oil."
Yoga_Tea_Dogs,ovi2y2,"Trying out wavy hair again after 2 yr break&&&&&&Stopped doing the whole CG method a couple yrs ago. Never really had any good hair days. Recently came across this sub and learned about damp styling vs wet styling and I like it much better! My hair was shoulder length last time I wore it curly. It's so long now the weight really stretches my waves out.

Verb ghost shampoo and conditioner. I wring out my hair and put in a microfiber turbie twist. I didn't leave it in for any specific time, just til I finished my makeup. Maybe 20-25 min. Used praying hands to apply ag recoil then scrunched. Did the same for aussie mousse. Diffuses about 10 min. Sotc when dry.

Gonna cut it next weekend. I'm thinking a long shag type haircut."
