index,id,comments
CramSlam19,n8ullj,"Best hair day I have had in months, and it's gonna rain tomorrow😭 routine in comments&&&&&&Routine:

Wash with Suave Cleansing Sulfate Free Shampoo Shea Butter and Coconut Oil
- massage all over scalp and roots with fingertips and then use shampoo brush to help clean any buildup out of my scalp/roots, rinse thoroughly and allow the shampoo to clean the ends as it rinses out

Condition with Suave Essentials Nourishing Tropical Coconut Conditioner
-apply most of it to my ends and spread the leftovers up my hair and begin to finger detangle, after it is tangle free I use a wide toothed comb to help finish distributing my conditioner evenly, add a small amount of water and squish to condish, let it sit in my hair for the rest of my shower and then rinse out completely with cool water

Before I get out of the shower, I will squeeze out some of the  excess water out of my hair so that it is still very wet but not dripping, then I take a quarter sized amount of Johnson's Kids detangling leave in conditioner and rake it through my hair and use my wet brush to make sure it is evenly distributed and do a little bit of squish to condish.

I usually go ahead and get dressed and put on lotion and everything and then use a spray bottle to replace any water that I lost during that time. Then I use about a quarter or half dollar sized amount of Aussie Instant Freeze Gel and glaze is all over and begin scrunching it into my hair, adding a little water and product as needed to fully coat my hair. 

I take a microfiber hair towel and micro plop some of the excess water out and then take about a golf ball sized amount of Pantene Curl Defining Mousse and lightly scrunch it into my hair bring careful not to be too rough and create too much frizz.

I will then pixie diffuse until my hair is about 80-90% dry and air dry to 100% then scrunch out the crunch and fluff my roots. 

Today I left the cast on a little longer than usual because there is no AC in my car and it helped keep it together through the windy ride.&&&I have medium/coarse, high density, normal porosity hair
And I can't figure out my curl type because there are about 4 different ones all over my head"
Honestly_ALie,n8tenq,Potential? Your hair looks adorable already. That one is just the star of the show. ⭐️
RegularDifficulty5,n8tenq,"Taunting me with potential 😂&&&&&&My routine: this is my day two hair! Scrunched with some mousse after prayer hands wetting it down. Air dried. 

routine: I wash with aveeno rosewater and chamomile blend shampoo, conditioner was tressemme botanique, then leave in was Bella curls coconut whip. Plopped after the shower, then used some Pantene mousse and LA looks gel.&&&Thank you so much 🤗🤗"
Fairylady33,n8s4gl,Do you think my hair would benefit from a denman brush?&&&
Internet-Just,n8pvuc,"Ikr, my hair never listens to me"
Snowstig,n8pvuc,I have a couple pieces like that too!  Rest of my head can have the most perfect 2b-c waves...then there are always those couple of pieces that do not want to cooperate!
littleprojects,n8pvuc,But seriously WHY?!?&&&&&&It’s so frustrating! I’d honestly be cool with less volume if it meant that my ends didn’t do this
SnootStrawberries007,n8of1f,my hair goals <3 \_\_ <3
Throwaway814111736,n8of1f,"Your hair looks gorgeous. Mine is a similar length but no where near as thick.

What is microplopping? Which mousse did you use and did you use conditoner or brush outside of the shower?"
Vgn1207,n8of1f,Omg how do you achieve such gorgeous waves without any frizz? My hair is also quite long but once I diffuse it the waves frizz :(
Wise_Date_5357,n8of1f,Amazing hair day! Also cute shirt day 😍
freckledatheart,n8of1f,"Your hair is gorgeous! Thank you for representing long hair wavies! I had posted here asking for advice on bring out existing waves in my multi textured 2b/2c/3a waist length hair, and everyone just told me to chop it off :/"
hairbear2324,n8of1f,"Good hair day for a type 2A!&&&&&&Brush hair before shower, use sulfate free shampoo, wash twice a week, and scrunch with mousse after showering. I believe I microplopped, diffused my hair till it was like 80% dry, then air dried the rest&&&The mousse helps a ton!!"
iridescent_felines,n8of1f,This is everything I want.
talks-like-juneee,n8of1f,Your waves are beautiful! My hair used to be this long but then I chopped it. So yes I have hair envy of you. Lol
Fairylady33,n8jh16,"How do I get rid of frizz😣, sorry for the bad picture quality&&&&&&I use live clean apple cider vinegar shampoo, and Aussie miracle wave conditioner once a week. To style I section my hair into 5 parts and make sure my hair is soaking wet, and apply herbal essence mousse and garnier fructis gel. I scrunch in the products one section at a time and finger roll some pieces. Then I diffuse."
WeAreStarless,n8jh16,what is your routine?
littlegrape24,n8irv0,"Thank you guys for all the tips!&&&&&&Hi! You may or may not remember me, I posted like a week or so ago? Maybe more time escapes me, asking for tips with my ever frizzy hair. Since then I've had many good wash days!

So, this is my routine now:
Wash with Lush Angel Hair, then condition with Lush Power Conditioner. Detangle in the shower while my conditioner is working its magic, then do an upside down scrunch kinda thing (squish to condish esque). Do a low heat and low power non diffused blow dry to get my hair most of the way dry since it takes forever, then diffuse the rest of the way but leave it not 100% dry. Apply John Frieda Frizz Ease oil and then leave for a few hours and we have this.

No styling products rn because I've not been able to get to the shops but honestly I'm pretty happy with this and all I've done is change my technique a bit. Detangling in the shower is an absolute game changer, so that I'm not touching it at all when I'm in the drying process. I know drying without the diffuser is a cardinal sin lol but diffusing my hair all the way takes over an hour, and honestly it kinda helps the volume if I go most of the way without it. It dries a little straighter but after a few hours it's sprung up to this. I also changed my conditioner to a deeper one with more protein and even though I'm protein sensitive it's working great! My day 2 curls are always better after I re-wet in the shower. I'm now working on drying to stretch to day 3 since by that point they've gone limp.

Thank you guys for all the comments about technique, I did some studying and I have to say it does work. I'm still on the hunt for stylers and will be giving them a try as soon as I get the money and time!"
GusMagoo,n8i7jo,"Help please! Hard water is ruining my hair&&&&&&I recently moved from NYC to Florida and my (once gorgeous) 2b/2c hair has taken a major beating! I never followed CG before but am wondering if I need to start? I purchased a filter for my shower head which helped a little. I was originally using the Malibu Hard Water shampoo and conditioner when I first moved here but that left such a film that I was doing an Apple Cider vinegar rinse every other week. I switched to one of the Lush shampoo bars (the one with lemon oil) and that definitely works better than the Malibu shampoo but my hair just feels so dry and my waves are a total mess! Plus the humidity—frizz central. Anyone have product recommendations to help this mane that actually work in hard water (I find getting product out of my hair is really challenging with this water). Thanks in advance!

Current routine: Lush shampoo bar (with the lemon oil can’t remember the name), Malibu Hard Water Conditioner, Bouclème curl defining gel (applied to soaking wet hair). I wash my hair about once every 5 days.

Hair type: 2b/2c
Porosity: med to high
Density: high&&&Yes that’s the first thing I bought when I moved here, it definitely helps but it’s for sure not the panacea the Amazon reviews claim it to be haha&&&Thank you! I’ve never used oils, do you apply them before styling or after?"
Relevant-Rabbit-7115,n8i7jo,They sell little clarifying packets from Sally's for less than $2! I think you mix it with water and it makes a gel you can apply for a few minutes that removes hard water residue. The brand Ion has some that are good and other brands do too I'm sure
Silver-Attention-,n8i7jo,"Look into the water purifying shower heads on the market.  I don’t have one because I have central soft water, but I know they are a real thing."
Waldinelle,n8i7jo,"Your hair looks gorgeous, but I would use some oils, like Argan, Avocado etc."
aliciaprobably,n8i7jo,"I love Ion’s hard water shampoo. I would use distilled water for your first couple of washes to strip the mineral build up. I just bring a bottle into the shower with me. For maintenance I use the hard water shampoo every two weeks or so with tap water, but I’ll use distilled every now and then when my hair starts to feel especially dry. Also, if you’re using a spray bottle to wet your hair regularly I recommend using distilled water in the bottle."
helenarose13,n8i7jo,"If you’re having to clarify or use an apple cider vinegar rinse often, you definitely need to make sure you are deep conditioning! I live in Georgia, so I know about frizz and humidity lol, but that kind of comes with the territory living in the south! I do know some people stay away from glycerin in their hair products to combat a bit of the frizz. I’ve never tried that because I’ve just gotten used to a bit of frizz at this point. But definitely incorporate a deep conditioner to help with dryness!"
Glued-Up,n8f7ww,"Most waves don't like ""plopping"", if you need to in order too throw a top on, I would just keep it in a shower cap until you are ready to style. My waves/curls NEED too be ""micro plopped "", they HATE ""the plop""...and when I micro plop, oddly I have to dampen my t-shirt to eliminate potential frizz, it still does its job of helping my hair dry faster, and I know its retained every bit of moisture for a good week. 
Your face looks great."
Pirate_of_wi,n8f7ww,"Sorry for my face and I forgot to take a before&&&&&&Thank you for the tip!  Can you explain the ""micro plop""? 
Thanks! Picture 2 I looked a little spacey haha&&&Routine: I use Monat (I know, I know, I don't recommend it and I don't sell it, but my hair likes it) first wash is Monat black, then Monat renew shampoo, then Monat intense repair conditioner

Aussie miracle curls leave in conditioner ""praying hands"" method

Aussie instant freeze gel scrunched in

Then I plop in an old t shirt tie and dry

I think I used too much gel because after a lot of scrunching out the crunch I'm still a little crunchy lol&&&Also adding: High porosity, super fine hair&&&Thank you, lol. Honestly, it's all in the applicator, Kesha Rose Wherever Whenever sticks.  It's like a marker for you face!"
neverseektotell,n8f7ww,If I could get my eyeliner to look that slick I would never apologise for anything at all
Appropriate-Cry9987,n8crb0,"This made me smile. So I’ll throw my hat in the ring. 

I personally would like to see a tutorial for different styling techniques on the back of a wavy head of hair. We always see the front, never the back. For context: I have a diffuse mix of 2a, 2b, and some 3a curls. The 3a bits are in the front, so I feel excited about that. Then to see the back of my head sometimes it’s brought me so much confusion. How could these things be so drastically different? So, anyways, 2a/b styling techniques for the back of the head! Also, if you know anyone who’s got a cowlick back there (like yours truly) doing a trail and error tutorial mashup for styling that wavy cowlick would be wonderful. Mine stands up off my head, and makes things like putting my hair up impossible to do without all those extra bumpies UNLESS I take a few minutes to dry the root area in all directions so it doesn’t form into an unstoppable semi tital wave of styling doom and make me look like I just woke up and went when in reality it’s hours of styling. 



For the record, this ended up being more words than I intended. Made the switch to a Bluetooth keyboard on my mobile device and phew— gotta slow my fingers down"
ElectricalPirate14,n8crb0,Swavy curly Courtney has specific ones about how to plop and squish to condish and I think sotc too&&&Diffusing for sure!
Miriam924,n8crb0,"Agree on the video length! I try to get quick info and end up watching 15, 20, 30 minutes long videos and I’m not even sure what I learned. Very overwhelming especially when beginning. Quick explanations of basic techniques would be great!"
WeAreStarless,n8crb0,"i think some really short videos of different styling techniques would be useful! i'm currently in the middle of trying to explain to someone how to scrunch gel into their hair, and it's frustrating how every search on youtube results in like, ten minute videos"
cheeseheadrunning,n8crb0,"What tutorials would you find helpful?&&&My son wants to become a YouTube star (lol) but he's too young to post. He asked me if he could practice taking videos/photos and editing them and I figured why not make it about wavy hair techniques? That way he gets some practice and we start building our Wiki!!   
   
So you tell me, what would be helpful?   
  
Fair warning, they might feature some 11yr old effects, like cats and explosions....&&&You got it. Any technique you have in mind for the first one? He's pumped and I need to wash my hair, ha!&&&Won't be a channel just going to post to this sub as he makes them 😅&&&You got it!&&&You got it! We actually filmed our first one and it's completely upside down and I almost trashed it bc I though ""no one want to see the back of the head ONLY. Ha 😁   
  
We only got through to plopping before he got bored so gonna pick up after plopping for the next video and slice and dice them into little 30 second-ish clips."
domifc,n8crb0,"I agree, short videos of wavy hair techniques would be great, like the previous posters mentioned. I've just discovered my hair is wavy after 30-some odd years and figuring out the terminology without watching a 10-15 mins video was a pain! Share the channel once you're up and running :)"
squishytofit,n8crb0,"Techniques of applying products would be great! 
I found it such a struggle to know how to plop, glaze, scrunch out the crunch etc. 
Found it hard to find specific videos for this (unless I'm just rubbish at looking!)"
cheeseheadrunning,n8agc9,Have you tried an ACV rinse? Just to get all of the old product buildup off your scalp and lengths?
iridescent_felines,n8agc9,"What is the best shampoo for oily curly hair?&&&I have type 2a-b wavy hair. It is fine but dense and high porosity. My hair has been so oily lately it looks like I need to wash it everyday. I’ve tried moptop daily shampoo, Not your mothers Tahitian gardenia flower & mango butter shampoo, Amika 3D shampoo. And none of them control the greasiness enough. What are your favorite shampoos for oily hair? Maybe a harsher one that is still CGM. Thanks&&&Thank you!&&&Thanks I’ll have to try it! Do you ever use a sulfate shampoo to clarify?&&&I’ve used it before and I didn’t notice a difference unfortunately :("
missuspanda,n8agc9,"I also have type 2a-b hair and had the same problem and bought NYM curl talk cleansing oil on a whim when I was at Target (I also tried ACV at first and didn’t notice any difference). Didn’t think I’d be impressed, but I was so wrong. I used to get build up and greasy by day 2-3, but I am now able to go 4-5 days EASILY between washes and my scalp still feels clean (doesn’t itch, can’t feel build up, etc like I usually can)."
pjj165,n8agc9,Giovanni tea tree triple treat (or Trader Joe’s tea tree tingle for a more affordable option)
ANormalHandle,n88cov,Good lord your waves are gorgeous. What porosity is your hair??
Kat-2793,n88cov,Oh my god I want your hair! It looks like you curled it with a wand 😱
Muderpuppy818,n88cov,Wow! I'm so inspired by this! If anyone has a hard water shampoo to recommend plz do!
QuiteBookish,n88cov,"Haircut plus hard water shampoo plus deep conditioning mask with protein made a huge difference for me.&&&&&&So I started my wavy routine in February of this year and am still refining the routine and techniques, but I’m really happy with the progress. Posting this to share the joy and also ask for feedback on a couple things. :)

Left is my current usual routine, pre-haircut. Right is post-cut, plus a hard water shampoo and deep conditioning mask with some protein, immediately post-overnight pineapple (routines below). It wasn’t a curly cut, just took about 1.5 inches off and had some medium layers added in. (I trimmed my hair myself in January and let’s just say I will never attempt my own layers again—they were so uneven when my stylist cleaned it all up last week!)

I’m still experimenting with the amount of gel vs a gel and mousse combo to get a good cast. What do you all find helpful to maintain volume over the course of the day? My hair was laying much flatter this evening but still has more wave and definition than I’ve seen so far. I don’t mind because I’m still happy with it and understand you often have to choose between volume and definition, but I would love to have a bit more lift if possible. Is there a magical middle ground that gives me definition and some floof? I’ve never diffused my hair before, so maybe that should be next on my list to try? 

Also, this was my first time using any products with protein and as far as I can tell, my hair liked it. I know that with medium porosity I shouldn’t do protein too often, but it does make me wonder if I should occasionally include it in my rotation (besides the mask)? Or maybe just stick with the mask for a while before making any additions…


Usual routine:  
-Shampooed and conditioned with NYM Naturals Aquatic Mint & Coastal Sea Holly Scalp Refresh.  Brushed conditioner through with Evolve brush (Denman dupe). Rinsed and STC upside down.  
-Applied dime-sized amount of Kinky Curly Knot today. Raked through and squished upside down.  
-Added a small amount of water to keep hair wet.  
-Applied golf ball-sized amount of Jozi Curls gel. (Rub on hands then glaze/prayer hands and squish upside down.)  
-Plopped for 20 minutes in a microfiber towel, then microplopped with a dry microfiber towel. Air dried. (If it’s an afternoon shower, then I leave the cast overnight.)


Clarify and deep condition routine (first time, and I think I will do it again next clarifying wash day!):  
-Shampooed with Ion Hard Water Shampoo.  
-Deep conditioned with Shea Moisture Manuka Honey and Yogurt treatment for 10 minutes. (Brushed through to evenly distribute before setting a timer.)  
-Brushed conditioned hair upside down with Evolve brush. Rinsed and STC upside down.   
-Applied golf ball-sized amount of Jozi Curls gel. (Rub on hands then glaze/prayer hands and squish upside down.)  
-Plopped for 20 minutes in a microfiber towel, then microplopped with a dry microfiber towel. Air dried. 
-Pineappled hair still in cast for bed.

P.S. sorry for the slightly uneven side-by-side. It’s tricky taking pictures of the back of your head.&&&You are so sweet!! :) I’m telling you, the haircut made a huge difference. It definitely developed a more subdued beachy look as the day progressed but I hope to find a way to get the waves to stay longer!&&&A specially formulated shampoo to remove mineral deposits from your hair. Look for “chelating” shampoos. I think the hard water was dulling my hair’s potential.&&&The easiest way is to look at where the water comes out of your faucets or shower head. Hard water leaves a white scale buildup. I live somewhere that has 3-4 times the US national level for “very hard water,” so I have white scale all over my plumbing. You can also try googling your local city or county water reports.&&&Thank you so much!&&&Thank you so much! Best I can estimate is medium porosity.&&&Aw, thank you!&&&Thank you, I appreciate that a lot!"
Random__Precision,n88cov,"Idk how to test for it, but if you see white buildup around faucets you definitely have hard water. The water at my house is so hard we can't use a dishwasher, only hand wash."
Slammogram,n88cov,I mean- they both look wonderful
_Triggernometry_,n88cov,I absolutely LOVE your hair. I need to get a haircut soon. What do you tell your hairstylist to get this cut?
barbshee,n88cov,"Yes, it’s hard to have both volume and definition, but it’s not impossible! For volume I suggest adding foam to your roots, using dry shampoo and definitely try diffusing (water can weigh our hair down so diffusing as soon as possible keeps your hair from dropping due to water weight). If you don’t like diffusing, you can always try diffusing your roots only and adding root clips (then letting the rest of your hair air-dry after micro plopping). It’s a bit tricky to get it right at first. I also root clip before going to bed (I don’t do pineapple because it stretches out my hair, just root clips and bonnet).

As far as protein goes, usually fine hair benefits more from regular protein treatments, since it scientifically lacks protein. However, it’s not always the case.

That Shea moisture mask is actually very hydrating, you can see that the hydrolysed protein is very low on the list. Maybe you could experiment with a gelatine treatment to see if your hair likes it, it’s a strong protein treatment. Some people prefer adding smaller proteins (amino acids), either in their cleansing products or their styling products."
cheddarfever,n88cov,"Your hair is lovely, so shiny!"
napaficionado,n88cov,what’s a hard water shampoo?
official_koda_,n88cov,How do you find out if you have hard water??
ourstupidtown,n88cov,Wow. Waves are so cute. I’m here for the wavy renaissance
porcinimu5hroom,n88cov,What is a micro-plop?
-Whatteverr-,n856pe,"I really need some help with moisture overload&&&My hair has gotten a lot nicer since starting all of this but now it's back to being bad again and idk what to do. It feels really stretchy and kinda oily? The frizz is also a bit worse than it was, its not as soft as it was (its back to being how it was before i started all of this) and it won't really make waves anymore. It wasn't like this when i first started so i knew i was doing something wrong and apparently it's using to many products with moisture in it. I looked up posts to help but they're all too long and since I'm new to this i didn't understand half of the stuff they wrote and i just really don't know what to do anymore. If someone could just give any advice on what to do or use cause it just looks worse and i hate it and idk what to do. Also if it needs a product with protein can someone just suggest something that can be done at home, there's not many products where i live and they're super expensive so i'd prefer home made stuff. Thanks in advance. 

My routine is just shampoo and conditioner (sometimes i deep condition) and then use leave in, sometimes i use a gel (Mark anthony strictly curls i think?) but since my hair feels stretchy i just get grossed out and it doesn't even do much for my hair.&&&I'll try doing it and hopefully i get good results, thanks :)&&&This is super helpful, thank you so much!!&&&I'll look them up, thanks :)"
GimmeANamePlsPlsPls,n856pe,If you think you need more protein you could try doing a rice water treatment. I’ve tried this one w/ good results: https://curlmaven.ie/my-rice-water-rinse-routine-results/
WeAreStarless,n856pe,you could do a rice water rinse or a gelatin treatment! there are tutorials on youtube
ndcdshed,n856pe,"I would recommend not wetting your hair until you actually need to wash it (water contributes to overmoisturisation) then use a strong clarifying shampoo to try and strip some of the moisture out. Then use something like a repairing protein conditioner. If it’s really overmoisturised you can use something like Aphogee’s protein treatment, but that stuff is *strong* so you need to be careful when you use it. Don’t deep condition for a while and try not to wet your hair everyday with washing and refreshes.

To avoid this in the future have a look and see if there’s any protein in your products (I’m guessing not). Then try to incorporate some protein. The higher your hair porosity then the more protein you need. I’m low porosity and only have protein in my leave in and that works for me, but you may need some in your shampoo and conditioner if you’re high porosity.

You also may be using products that are too moisturising in general, with heavy ingredients and emollients like butters and oils. More lightweight products might work better if this is the case."
Calezup,n84j9k,I actually think your hair looks nice (pic 2).
ImaCoolMom1974,n84j9k,I love your waves! But your hair looks nice both ways.
JenEvans93,n84j9k,Your waves are STUNNING
domifc,n84j9k,I'm new to this wavy hair stuff myself but I'd suggest a frizz cream as that's what I'd use on myself but maybe some coconut oil instead?
finnertysea,n84j9k,"To wave or not to wave, what do you think? I want to embrace my natural wave, but on average treating my hair as wavy makes it frizzier and messier looking than just going simple. Any tips? More in comments.&&&&&&I have a moderate amount of quite coarse hair. I have a section of hair at the back of my head that feels quite dry and brittle and the individual strands are oddly kinked and bumpy in texture. My hair is often fairly frizzy but doesn’t tangle AT ALL. I haven’t brushed my hair in years and I never wake up with tangles even if I spend a couple days sick in bed. I don’t use any heat on my hair (I don’t even own a hairdryer). My hair also takes ages to dry.

My hair is definitely somewhat wavy and I sometimes get nice, VERY loose ringlets at the ends of my hair. I want to see if my hair will get wavier or even do that ringlet thing higher up on my head, but I never stick with the CG/wavy hair method very long because I feel like my hair looks frizzy and unkempt by day 2. 

Do any of you have any tips for not giving up on your wavy hair or advice as to what might be going on with my non-tangly/long to dry hair? Given that my hair isn’t that damaged, is it even possible that my wave pattern with tighten up?

I’m low waste (aiming for zero waste) so diy or plastic-free product recommendations are most welcome.

Today’s (wavy) routine:

* wash with Unwrapped Life “The Hydrator” shampoo bar
* squish to condish with Unwrapped Life “The Hydrator” conditioner bar
* squish in flaxseed gel
* plop in a T-shirt for \~30-40 minutes
* scrunch out gel \~6hrs later

Normal “straight” routine:

* wash + condition with Unwrapped Life “The Hydrator” bars
* dry with a T-shirt
* sometimes add a bit of hair oil that’s mostly hemp and sunflower oil
* leave to air dry"
neverseektotell,n84j9k,The frizziness for me got slowly replaced with shine over time!
official_koda_,n84j9k,"I genuinely think the wavy treatment photos look better. Doesn’t look frizzy to me, and wavy hair is naturally frizzier regardless. Your hair looks more voluminous."
Fairylady33,n84b2i,"How do I get the back of my hair to not be flat?&&&I have tried different ways of styling my hair like upside down, and sectioning my hair but the back of my head always ends up being flat. How do I get it to look as good as the side/front of my hair?"
Fairylady33,n83tw1,It depends on how tight your curls are. If you have 2a/2B hair and cut it super short it might not look like you have much waves in your hair at all because it’s a looser curl pattern. If you have 3a hair and cut it shorter it may become a little tighter. I have 2c hair and I went to mid back length to chin length and got a bunch of short layers to my hair and it really helped bring out my waves.
WeAreStarless,n83tw1,"to a degree. if i go too short, i lose the curls again, because they don't have enough length to coil up properly"
cheeseheadrunning,n83tw1,I've varied in length through the years and noticed that the length doesn't matter as much as the kind of cut and who cut it.
kyoki29,n83tw1,"My hair is a lot more curly and difficult to manage when it's longer, so I always have it cut to shoulder length. This gives me waves and is much easier to maintain."
nemesiswithatophat,n83tw1,Shorter hair = more curl/wave?&&&I was wondering if waves or curls become more prominent with shorter hair since there's less weighing it down. Has anyone had any experience with this? Especially those who've cut a good chunk of their hair off at once?&&&That's awesome. Do you mind sharing your curl pattern?
neverseektotell,n83tw1,Exactly the same. Cut to just below shoulders.
sayhi2yourmother4me,n83tw1,"I cut 14 inches off my hair, and it made a world on difference for my waves! Much more defined and so much easier to style!"
theflipflopqueen,n83tw1,"Mine is less when it’s short. Above my shoulders It’s just a puffy frizzy mess. Doesn’t seem to matter how long my hair is, I still have big S bends and loose (1.5 inch ringlets)  sad part is you just don’t know until you cut it. I Chopped 9 inches thinking it would help and spent a year frustrated"
maria77728,n81icx,"Day 3 - 1.5 months into embracing my texture!&&&&&&My routine:

https://i.imgur.com/x9RxE2t.jpg"
Blue_Turtle_18,n7zzl6,How to get a wash day to last???&&&I've been doing damp styling lately to help with drying faster but I'm noticing my results don't last very long. I have a hairspray from Pacifica but it makes my hair really dry. I do use gel but it just doesn't last long.&&&I use the NYM Curl talk leave in with the Treluxe gel or the Camille Rose Curl Maker gel. I've heard good things about Ouidad so maybe I'll get some when I run out.&&&Yes I hover diffuse first and then when mostly dry I diffuse my ends
Glued-Up,n7zzl6,"Add a leave in too maintain your moisture, which retains your hair shape..
Switch your gels up, I personally love Ouidad, if your hair likes protein, Curls has a great ""Popping Pineapple "" gel, has protein in it, so it definitely has everything ""popping "", but Ouidad has great hold/staying power. Especially the ""climate/humidity control "", gel.
A really good drug store one, I keep on hand is Not Your Mothers Curl Talk, its really affordable and its got some good hold. BUT I REALLY recommend something that will retain the moisture in your hair, like a light leave in. It can make a huge difference."
ndcdshed,n7zzl6,Do you diffuse? I find diffusing helps set hair in place.
