index,id,comments
mimibabyy,orpmnf,Love my big chop! Wavy hair for the win 😍&&&
WeAreStarless,orojzs,"check out the stickied post on top of r/curlyhair called [""start here! beginner info""](https://www.reddit.com/r/curlyhair/comments/opcdoj/start_here_beginner_info_weekly_no_question_is/) and that will tell you all about the curly girl method!

also, yes, at some point, i should really make the wavy favourites list based on all the recommendations... but i've been avoiding those responsibilities 🙈"
greek_ga_peach,orojzs,"Where to start?&&&Is there a ""start here"" post or something? I'm seeing all this lingo to describe hair types but I've missed the definitions so I don't know what they mean or how to self diagnose. Also, is there a post that accumulates the top products of each category? The post I saw had all the recs in the comments so it's difficult to aggregate what the consensus is. TIA!!!&&&Thanks! Is the curly girl method what someone with wavy hair would do? Sorry, total newbie. My hair has some wave to it and was looking for a way it could air dry nicely."
FabulousFoodHoor,orm7jb,Mousse is good for wavy hair and won't weight it down. i like the cantu wavy mousse and the aussie catch the wave mousse.
SensitiveAffect1356,orm7jb,looking for product advice for easily weighed down waves - all recommendations welcome!&&&
nt2291,orm7jb,"I use verb ghost shampoo/conditioner which is specifically formulated for easily weighed down hair, aveda be curly curl enhancer(lightweight lotion) and herbal essences set me up max hold gel. My hair hates mousse( dries it out) and most gels tend to weigh it down.. it's hard finding a gel that's lightweight but still has maximum hold"
theflipflopqueen,orm7jb,My waves love mousse. Cream weights it down and makes it feel gross. I only use gel when it’s super humid
yourekillinitsweetie,orm7jb,The Shea moisture mouse is amazing for waves! My hair loves it so much.
WeAreStarless,orki9d,"Hi! Your submission has been removed because of rule 2: no wavy negativity.

It's okay if you can, and like, wearing your wavy hair naturally straight, but this is not the place to ask how to get straight hair through heat styling or chemical treatments. We have this rule because we don't want anyone to internalise the idea that wavy hair is somehow ""inferior"" to straight hair. 

Please keep this in mind for the future. Thank you!"
smartcookie9,orki9d,Has anyone mastered using the Revlon hair dryer blowout brush?&&&[removed]
FabulousFoodHoor,orkbqv,I swear we have the same cut AND hair type. hair twin!! I love the cantu wave mousse and the aussie wave mousse and miss jessie's jelly soft curls.
ayychee,orkbqv,"Chopped my hair to make the transition period easier on me - loving how the waves give me a cute 90s feel&&&&&&I'm almost 2 months into wavy hair, and the bottoms of my hair were doing that weird thing where they stick straight out. I went in for a Ouidad cut (which is wet--I don't want to chance my hair drying weird for a dry cut). I don't know exactly what products she used, but I know at the end she used the gold bottle Ouidad mousse and gel on it then pixie diffused without any scrunching.

In the 2nd/3rd pic, I s2c with diluted As I Am Coconut Cowash (I really like the slip on this even diluted), washed with Pacifica Pineapple Curls, a pea sized amount of Curlsmith Feather Light Protein Cream diluted in palms with water then glazed and brushed in with Tangle Teezer, scrunched with Eco argan oil gel, hover diffused, and cast broken with Pacifica Coco Gloss Serum."
Smart-Cable6,ork744,"Another good test is take one dry hair and put it in a bowl filled with water. If it floats on the surface, it’s low porosity, if it’s halfway sunken it’s medium porosity and if it submerges completely, it’s high porosity."
hooville25,ork744,"how do you guys know you’re low or high porosity?&&&I am pretty sure I have high porosity because it dries fast and seems to absorb stuff fast, but I came here because I noticed most people on here have very fine hair like myself&&&what do you mean by stick to the shower/bath ?&&&ive tried that and i’m not entirely sure if it works. I put my hair in a bowl and it sat there for hours. my hair is sooo fine that i believe I floated due to the weightlessness. I tried the spray method on the hair on my head snd it seems to absorb/get wet pretty fast, but I could be doing it wrong. I am going to try next time I shower !"
ndcdshed,ork744,"A good test I did is after washing your hair, take the clump of hair you stick to your shower/bath and then wash it with a silicone free shampoo. Dry the hair, then take a spray bottle and spritz water on it.

I had a strong suspicion I had low porosity hair, and sure enough I spritzed a bunch of water on it and it would just bead up, roll off and never absorb.

High porosity should absorb it really fast."
IndianaJaws,orgtq5,Wdym by native shampoo
NewDayNewStrengths,orgtq5,Dang lookin like a hair model
Sleepyjesuss,orgtq5,"It's been almost a month and I think my hair is growing back much healthier!&&&&&&Nooo 😂&&&I use native shampoo products, and hair mask. And then I use coconut oil in between washes and a dry conditioner as well in the mornings in between washes. I wash my hair maybe 2 to 3 times a week tops&&&The brand name is Native!"
whiskydr3ams,orgtq5,I can only aim to get my mane looking like this. Thanks for giving me hope.
AvailableAd1511,org4br,I think it's Beautiful.😍
Chloebugs,org4br,"I agree with the other comment, layers would do so much for you! I have super similar hair and it completely changed when I went to a curly specialist and got some layers."
LadyAugustina,org4br,"I know it's frizzy and somehow still wet and I really need a haircut but these are some nice Washday Waves. How do I get the waves to start further up though?&&&&&&Thanks, you're right. 

I'm just always torn between cutting everything off and loving my long tresses. Funny thing is, with this length I don't even wear it down. It's always up in a messy bun.&&&That's probably the plan, after the exams, when I have time.&&&Thanks, I will look into a hair cut. The shag one doesn't really intrigue me, it reminds me too much of a mullet, but there are other layer cuts&&&Routine: 

Washed with the Imbue Shampoo  (still not quite sure if I like it, it's just very thick)

Papaya Garnier Hairfoods mask to detangle and get some moisture into my hair (I had some protein overload last week, so more moisture it is)

Detangled with the Wet detangler by tangle tweezer

Squish to condish with the Hairfood (I left it in for around 7 minutes)

Imbue Curl Energising Hydration Serum as a leave-in (I like the smell, but I think there was some flash drying going on)

Added some more water

Imbue Creme Gel

Microplopping and diffusing for around 10 minutes on low and  cold heat

Took a nap with it laying flat and now it's  still wet, around 2 hours after the wash.&&&How do you clip your roots though? My hair spends most of its time in a messy bun, as I find the length just not useful for daily life.&&&You're right. I'm just weirdly attached to my long hair, even though I never really wear it open and its always in a messy bun. 

I'll just get a hair cut, maybe even a curlys, depends on my mood."
NotAPigeonInDisguise,org4br,"My hair is already having the same problem, and I’m only a couple inches away from your length. I think it’s a matter of it being too long/dense. When my hair was shorter it waved like nobody’s business!"
Socatastic,org4br,I love it like it is. Its not frizzy at all and the color is fabulous. The curly people always tell long-haired wavies to cut it off 😢
beehk,org4br,"My hair responded really well to a shag cut. It was simply too heavy before to allow the waves to travel upward. If you’re not into that style then look up some other cuts with layers. Weight is a waves’ worst enemy, IMO."
jaytys,org4br,Clipping the roots is a game changer for volume up top! I have the same issue
jubjub9876a,org4br,Honestly your hair is probably just too long/heavy to wave on top. It's gorgeous though
tangertale,orfz28,"Thank you for the advice! I was able to get a nice curl pattern on my bleached hair today&&&&&&Got some advice on this subreddit and the curly subreddit after this post. Looks like what I was experiencing was product overload. Clarifying and cutting down to the basics actually helped a lot! Thank you so much!! https://www.reddit.com/r/Wavyhair/comments/op9pe9/is_this_moisture_overload_is_it_because_of_bleach/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf

Today’s routine: 
- Clarify with VO5 strawberry shampoo, just the roots
- Mop Top conditioner. Distribute with Wet Brush. Let the conditioner soak for a few minutes.
- This entire process is right-side-up by the way, following another recommendation that I got
- Rinse off the conditioner most of the way, then apply  Aussie Instant Freeze gel. Distribute with wet brush, and soak the product in using a mix of scrunching and pulsing the hair towards my scalp.
- Micro-plop and get the excess product out
- Diffuse for 10-15 mins at high heat (I like how little time this takes, I will look into reintroducing my heat protectant in the future)
- After my hair is dry most of the way, air dry the rest for 20-30 mins and then scrunch out the crunch"
Aheathenconcievably,ordd9s,Maybe the Pacifica salty waves balm? I haven’t tried it yet but it’s on my list when I run out of NYM curl talk cream. It’s got jojoba which is light but moisturizing. The same line also has a spray that’ll probably give more texture over moisture.
Pond913,ordd9s,Is there a styling cream/spray that acts like sea salt spray but not as drying?&&&I've tried Devines and B&B that my mom had and like how they make my waves tighter but I don't like how drying they are. I typicaly use a primer then use the sea salt spray. Any product suggestions?&&&Thanks I'll check that out next time I'm at target!. I've been using the nym curl talk cream too. It works but my waves are definitely looser.
baby_rager,ordd9s,"I haven’t tried one personally, but I’ve heard good things about sugar sprays for adding grit and texture without the drying effects of actual salt."
Gold-Union-3805,orcv5g,I use a microfiber after I add products into my hair after a shower. I have 2c low porosity hair and use curlsmith curl defining souffle when my hair is soaking wet upside down to my hair by gently raking it and then use a microfiber on sections to scrunch out the excess water. I hold it for about 30 secs on each section. It helps achieve better definition. Then I diffuse for volume. I've also used that method but not upside down if I am going to let my hair air dry and when it was longer.
Snowstig,orcv5g,"I'll plop in a Turbie Twist for 10-15 minutes after applying my stylers in the shower, and then I'll use my Perfect Hair Care Towel (because my Turbie Twist is soaking wet at this point) to microplop and get out any excess moisture and further encourage my waves to bounce up prior to diffusing."
stylefaux,orcv5g,"I have 2bish hair, and I like microfiber towels a lot.  Sometimes I scrunch out a little water with it before wrapping my hair for a bit.  Sometimes I just scrunch with my hands, and then wrap my hair in it.  I don’t usually plop with it, but it is SO GREAT at sucking out that initial water!"
throwaway44624,orcv5g,"confused about microfiber towels&&&I’m a little confused about some of the advice I see on here and r/curlyhair about microfiber towels. Would appreciate anyone sharing how they use it in their routine!

- when do you plop with your microfiber towel?
- at how many different stages in your routine do you scrunch with your microfiber towel? This one confuses me because I thought in general, friction creates frizz&&&Shoot, I might be misusing terminology. What’s the difference between wrapping and plopping for you?"
100RuncibleSpoons,orb4u0,"OP do you have any idea if you have hard water? My hard water gives me the same weighed-down look and feeling even when I’ve clarified. I’ve started using a chelating shampoo occasionally. The first time I did, it was life changing, then I felt like there were decreasing returns until I adjusted how I was using it.

Here’s what I do now: every couple of weeks (or whenever you might otherwise clarify), I mix half chelating shampoo (kinky curly come clean) and half clarifying shampoo, to do both at once. Then deep condition and/or olaplex. Style per usual.

Edit: spelling. Chelating, not cheating :)"
20JC20,orb4u0,"Take biotin and Keratin vitamins. Your hair grows from within your body and out of your head. You need to give your body the nutrients it needs to produce the right healthy cells for your hair to grow and flourish 

Also lots of keratin conditioner and shampoos without sulfates"
Ca5513H,orb4u0,"You're hair looks similar to mine when I was using too much/heavy products. I switched things up with a less is more approach and my waves have turned to mermaid dreams. I really don't use anything anymore and focus on hydration and hair health


 Right now I use Ouidid Oil Shampoo, Shea Moisture intense hydration masque (squish to condish, squish to rinse), apply Shea moisture Jamaican Black Castor Oil leave in conditioner, scrunch out moisture with a cotton tee. 

Here is what made the biggest difference - I stopped plopping. Instead I use the kimchi method of putting on a t shirt, and letting the curls air dry while dripping down my back, or I diffuse. Once I stopped plopping my waves have turned into curls and even some ringlets.

I've tried adding gels, mousse, jelly etc and everything ends up making it straighter. Maybe you're like me and products just don't do it

I have 2C/3A Waves. Low porosity. Long length. Medium width. Medium density"
Flortreyes,orb4u0,I use OUIDAD & finger coil. My favorite curly hair expert on YouTube is curlsbymane
ForgottenSalad,orb4u0,"when was the last time you used a clarifying shampoo? A lot of those products sound pretty heavy, it might be too much moisture or buildup. I would start there just to see if it helps"
Fun-Highlight3058,orb4u0,Oleplex helps a lot! Use conditioner and no shampoo for a while and do like one oil treatment a week and just shampoo your roots and scalp after and don’t let the shampoo sit too long. Avoid heat styling for a while. It takes time but they come back
Mammoth_Bet2172,orb4u0,Instead of using a towel to dry after a shower use a cotton T-shirt!! Wrap it up like you usually would after the shower. If your hair is brush-able brush it in the shower with a hint of leave in conditioner. After proceed with the cotton tshirt. You can also use the t-shirt to crimp your hair upwards to lift the curls after it dries for a minute!!
MrsE2010,orb4u0,"Your hair looks a bit product-y to me, like it has build up.

Looking at the products you are using, it appears you are using a sulfate free shampoo but your conditioner contains silicones. Sulfate free shampoos cannot really remove silicones well which is why it's recommended to go BOTH sulfate AND silicone free when using this method.

Those silicones may be building up in your hair."
NotAPigeonInDisguise,orb4u0,I recommend using reconstructing masks! They’ve helped my bleach-damaged hair so much! I agree with everyone else that clarifying shampoos are the way to go!
PristineAd9800,orb4u0,Nora an oil the ends and a hair mask weekly&&&Deva curl and a protein mask once a week Pro Pak in Walmart by the mask packets&&&Looks dry and/or a bit overly oiled. What have you done and what did you use? Have you bleached it recently? I can help you. Just respond to my questions and where you are regionally located.
Riveroak43,orb4u0,Leave it all natural
Slammogram,orb4u0,"I mean- this was totes a look in the 90’s and 2000’s!  But to me looks like you need less product. 

To me, I think you should clarify shampoo twice, or shampoo with sulfate twice.  Just to wash all the product.  You look like you have loads of buildup.  BUT, try to find a conditioner with no silicone or sulfate.  Wash with something with no sulfate on a regular, but maybe clarify monthly. 

I personally really like Function Of Beauty, because you can remove the sulfate and silicone in the products and formulate it for your hair’s needs.  Plus it has a REALLY nice leave-in you can purchase too.  

LUS.com has a 3-in-1 product that works pretty nice for many.  Perhaps you could look into it."
Sweettofew,orb4u0,Olaplex. Definitely olaplex
TheSniperWolf,orb4u0,I use Noughty Hello Curls spray after I get out of the shower. It really defines those waves! Available at Superdrug https://www.superdrug.com/Hair/Curl-Cream/Noughty-Hello-Curls-Define-&-Reshape-Curl-Primer-200ml/p/784848
Wanderlust1101,orb4u0,"Clarifying shampoo followed by a moisturizing shampoo, then Olaplex 3, then conditioner. Quantum and Paul Mitchell make great clarifying shampoos.

If this doesn't work try a higher level of protein in your regimen. Aphogee has 2 min reconstructor and a Keratin & Green Restructizer you can try."
ayychee,orb4u0,How much of the curl cream are you using?
breadgal1,orb4u0,"Kind of reaching my wit's end. My curls are so limp and dull, and very straight in some sections. Any suggestions?&&&&&&Oh I see! Thank you for the advice, that would make sense. Do you have a sulfate + silicone free conditioner you personally recommend?

Thanks!&&&I live in a major city so I'm almost 100% certain my water supply is hard. I haven't heard of this method - but I'm willing to give it a go. What's a cheating shampoo? I have my clarifying shampoo and a sulfate free shampoo I use between clarifying washes.&&&Heya thanks for the response! I used a clarifying shampoo 2 days ago, but before that it had been more than a month I think. I thought this too but I don't feel much a difference after using the shampoo either. :/&&&I tried an olaplex knock-off (pureplex) back in March but I didn't notice any difference. After multiple recommendations from this thread I've ordered olaplex no 3, so I'm excited to see if that will bring some changes! I don't deep condition after everytime I condition, no.&&&Thanks!! Great suggestion, I'm not sure that mousse is readily available in the UK but I'll look around for something similar (or see if I can get my hands on it elsewhere)&&&Routine:

Umberto Giannini coily curls Shampoo

Herbal Essence sulfate free aloe + hemp Conditioner 

Auntie Jackie's Renewed! Deep conditioner 

I'd usually use some gel but the result is the same / very similar. Today I just tried cantu's curl cream and Umberto Giannini curl mousse.

Plop in a t shirt, diffuse on low/medium heat / low speed. SOTC with lightly oiled hands 


My hair has been previously bleached, and generally feels very dry. I try hair masks (especially ones with protein) every now and then but I don't feel much difference before/after.&&&Hi! I just wanted to let you know I just tried this - shampoo'd 2x with my clarifying shampoo, used ecostyle original gel, microplopped (as suggested by another comment) and then diffused and my god it's already a huge improvement. I think less is more for sure and maybe some of my styling products just aren't working for me (as well as a definite need to clarify wash more often). Thank you, really appreciate this tip!

Pic related

https://imgur.com/a/JvDfl2Y&&&Hahaha, thank you!!"
dinglehoppercomb,orb4u0,I have similar hair and honestly once a week or so I need to use a sulphate shampoo to cleanse. Especially if I’m somewhere  with hard water. It’s not curly girl approved but do what works for your hair.
floppedtart,orb4u0,"I dunno, but your eyebrows are on point..  :)"
goggles-for-safety,orb4u0,"Hey, i tried looking it up but could not find anything about the kimchi method. Can you share a link?"
hairbear2324,orb4u0,Clarify!
leeggoeggo,orb4u0,I would do the wet strand test to figure out if you need some protein. And if so do a protein treatment.
mistyann4,orb4u0,Same!! City water is terrible for my hair. I got a shower head filter and change it regularly and it made a huge difference
need_sushi510,orb4u0,Heat damage?
saywhatevrdiewhenevr,orb4u0,"This!! The water is so hard where I live I can’t even get a comb through my hair after a shower and it stays wet the entire day:( My solution is kind of extreme but it works: once every couple weeks I refill a few gallons of distilled water at my local grocery store, heat the water up (I use an electric kettle and it heats up in ~30 seconds) and pour it into a water bottle. Then I put a shower cap on and only wash my hair with the distilled water. It adds an extra 5 min to my routine, but the payoff is SO worth it. My hair dries fast, products actually work, and my hair is healthy/doesn’t break and it’s never greasy."
sloppygreens,orb4u0,"Yes this!! My hair looks like this when I have build up or too many products in! If you have access to Shea Moisture, it’s my go-to brand for affordable but amazing silicon and surfate free hair products!"
tangertale,orb4u0,My hair does this when I either have too much product or SOTC without making sure my hair/gel is completely dry all over.  Does your hair form well defined clumps with the gel?You could also try micro-plopping instead of plopping if your curves are very fragile
tquinn04,orb4u0,Your hair looks damaged from the bleach. Have you tried any bonders like olaplex or something? Also are you using the deep conditioner after you condition every time you shower?
transformmycurls,orb4u0,"It looks quite weighed down by the weight of your products… hard to know without seeing it in person but I’d try clarifying again, using lighter conditioners (skip the deep conditioner) and trying a hard hold, protein heavy mousse like AG mouse gel."
watkostda,orb4u0,"also try finger coiling, my hair is similair but plopping is a no go for me. Fingercoiling gives me some form."
weewah1016,orb4u0,"Stop the deep condition. Your hair looks fine. It does not need that. Clarify again. Use one product. Preferably a gel. Scrunch your hair. Let it dry. 
I think, unfortunately many here, like I did, get caught in product overload that’s not comparable to our hair type. Stop using the butters, oils and see how it goes with minimal products. I actually started using the shampoo with the conditioner already in it because I was conditioning my hair way too much.  Some cheap products and I am curly now again. Good luck."
Annmaren,or9o07,"Fellow long haired wavy here, the best way I have found to keep my waves intact when I sleep is with a silk scarf. [How to wrap hair in silk scarf](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=hJkvMlsvArk) this is the way I tie mine. It works for long hair too and it’s very similar to plopping. My hair is long and thick so my head wrap is a lot poofier but it usually stays on all night. I got a 4 pack of satin scarfs off Amazon for about $8."
Logical-Wolverine-90,or9o07,"Tried CGM for the second time, after a Unicorn Cut I did yesterday. Any tips on how to sleep with long hair without ruining the waves? With the pineapple my hair still gets everywhere at night and with a top bun the waves from the bun kind of destroy my natural wave pattern.&&&&&&I tried a bonnet before but got headaches from it pressing into my forehead. Will try it with a scarf, but first need to buy a silk or satin one.&&&Thank you, this looks very promising. I will definitely try that.

Edit: Doesn’t the knot at the neck cause headaches?&&&The second recommendation for this Video. Thank you, I will definitely try. But doesn’t the knot at the neck cause headaches?&&&I seem to sleep pretty restless. When I sleep with my hair down I get a lot of hair breakage and split ends. And it looks like a bird's nest the next morning. 😬&&&Thank you! ☺️ I only started to figure out, how to care for it. I had straight hair all’s my life before my pregnancy. After pregnancy it got wavy, but the back is a lot wavier than the sides. And at the ends ist still straight from before my pregnancy. 🤪 But the Unicorn cut an the CGM helped to make this less noticeable. I didn’t even realize it became wavy for the first 18 month since I was living in a baby bubble with a bun all day, every day.&&&A Pineapple is a loose ponytail at the top of your head. With shorter curly hair this looks like a pineapple and is a technique to protect curls at night."
MrsE2010,or9o07,Combine the pineapple with a satin scarf or bonnet to tie everything tight to the head.
ZookeepergameNo9934,or9o07,"I just pick my hair up, lay on the pillow and throw the rest over. Haha it works for me."
alg-ae,or9o07,What's a pineapple?
cassiej24,or9o07,"I basically do what the woman in this video does. I’ve tried a lot of methods previously, pineapple, bonnet, buff, & this the one that preserves my curls the best and actually stays on. I have longer hair and otherwise it’s everywhere. https://youtu.be/hJkvMlsvArk"
imstandingstill,or9o07,Braid it
josetheconquerer,or9o07,"I did a double pineapple, one at the top and one lower, but that’s usually for shorter hair. 

Either way your hair is gorgeous! 😍"
justukyte,or9o07,"How do you prevent it from slipping.. I can sleep with my hair tied at the nape but not with a satin cap on, it just slips off. What's the best way to secure it without headache?"
stoicale,or9o07,"Honestly I just gently twist my hair into a standard top knot on the crown of my head and secure it with a Not-to-tight scrunchie. The bottom layer of my hair sometimes needs a bit of a refresh in the morning but other than that, it keeps the main important sections protected & it keeps me from having to deal with annoying hair scarves/buns at the base of my neck etc."
Annmaren,or7lxz,I haven’t tried it yet myself but I have heard great things about Bouncecurls hairspray and it’s alcohol and silicone free!
Snowstig,or7lxz,"Pantene's Level 4 Airspray!  CG friendly (has PEG-10 dimethicone, but it's water soluble), alcohol free, strong hold, and helps my waves last 3-4 days+, I love it!  I'll spray it on prior to diffusing and it also helps shorten my drying time!"
justukyte,or7lxz,"Any recommendations for a lightweight stronghold hairspray?&&&I tried a non-CGM hairspray from [Davines](https://us.davines.com/products/this-is-a-strong-hair-spray) and was surprised how much my hair loved it. My hair actually got crunchy and a lot less frizzy. Now obviously this product has got harsh alcohols and silicones in it, so I'm looking for an alternative. I did not get a similar result with mousses or gels so figured maybe hairspray is the answer."
yourekillinitsweetie,or7lxz,"Noughty has a really nice range for wavy hair and I love their spray! I think it's called Thirsty?? 
I also use the tresme leave in conditioner spray. It's a bit heavier than the noughty one."
