index,id,comments
bxr247,ndz9pm,"I tried pixie diffusing for the first time and it was definitely worth the extra effort&&&&&&Routine: shampoo with Shea Moisture Raw Shea & Cupuacu Frizz Defense Shampoo, then condition with Faith in Nature Aloe Vera Conditioner. Detangle using blue Tangle Teezer then use Not Your Mother's Leave in Conditioner Royal Kalahari Melon. Plop for 20 minutes or so then scrunched in some Cantu Curl Custard and Eco Gel (the one with Argan oil in the red tub) then diffuse! I normally don’t use any method for this but tried pixie diffusing today and loved it, my hair looks more defined and less frizzy than usual, it’s also noticeably bouncier :-)"
pritch0613,ndz9pm,The volume!! 😍
0suna,ndxr1u,"before vs after my first wave-friendly wash! I realized I probably had wavy hair after spending hours doing research for my super curly bf. I’m so ready for this journey&&&&&&routine :
sulfate and paraben free shampoo from Aroma zone
diy conditioner with marshmallow powder + water (squish ton condish)
plopping for ~5 min
scrunching with aloe vera gel
diffusing (though idk what I’m doing)

I have no idea what my hair porosity / density etc are"
Cheshire17,ndxr1u,Your hair looks gorgeous!!
pollytrotter,ndxr1u,I’m new to this too and I think our hair is quite similar :) looks lovely!
Lizzietothemoon,nduua9,My best friend! 💗&&&
y2kcasualty,nduua9,What is his routine????
JuanitaAlSur,ndul6y,Lovely! You go girl!
Puzzleheaded-Fly-982,ndul6y,dang!!! i’m jealoys!!! looking GREAT!
lauruzzi,ndul6y,i think your hair looks great! ❤
mks93,ndul6y,"Not perfect yet, but I’m starting to be happier with it!&&&&&&Hair is low density, fine, low porosity. (And needs a trim!) 

I washed with Suave Clarifying shampoo last night. I’ve been using TJs tea tree tingle, every other day, alternating with the Suave. I wash everyday because I exercise daily and my hair gets sweaty. I used Aussie 3 minute miracle moist and left it in for 5 minutes before rinsing. After washing, I used a small amount of Herbal Essences curl cream, scrunched a bit, then slept on it. 

In the morning, I wet my hair completely with water, but did not brush. My hair doesn’t get knotted easily, I just ran my fingers through it. I then applied a fair amount of herbal essences curl cream, and scrunched for a while using a t shirt. I scrunched periodically as it air dried. 

I know it’s still a bit frizzy, but I think it’s really nice today! My hair is usually greasy, but since I’ve been using more conditioner, it’s been less greasy.&&&I haven’t! Would you recommend it?"
oeiei,ndul6y,Really nice!
official_koda_,ndul6y,Have you tried using gel before?
-HugoTheKing-,ndsxp8,"Really great volume and definition this wash&&&&&&Hair details: 
- fine hair, medium-low porosity (I still haven't fully decided the porosity), type 2-A/2-B curl pattern

-I am a total product junky and you do not need to use as many different types of products I did. A leave in, 1 product type for curl activation and/or hold is all you really need I just have an addiction.  

Today's wash routine: 

Shampoo with Living Proof Curl shampoo

Condition with Briogeo Don't Despair repair mask -- squish to condish and detangled hair. Left on for 10 min in the shower while I did my other shower stuff. Rinse out clean. 

Leave in with Shea Moisture silicone-free leave in miracle treatment -- raked through and then squish to condish upside down. 

Living proof wave enhancer with prayer hands and scrunching. 

Used the Denman brush to part hair and brush through in sections 

Re-wet hair with spray bottle and scrunch everywhere for curl clumps. 

Totally Twisted mousse by Herbal Essences in roots only 

Glazed Ouidad climate control gel over clumps and scrunched. 

Glazed and scrunched Living Proof shine oil.

Plopped in a microfiber towels for 5-10 min 

Took out of the towel, applied some AG mousse gel to hair with glazing and scrunching

Hover diffused for 5-10 min on high speed and high heat to get a cast upside down and side to side. 

Flip head right side up and reestablish part. Switched to scrunch drying with diffuser on med heat and high speed (see the Manes by Mel diffusing method on YouTube) for 5-10 min 

Root clipped 2 rows of clips along my part on the right side of my head where there is more hair, 1 row of clips on the left side 

Hover diffused on high heat and high speed for the remaining time it takes to dry to 100% 

Scrunch out the crunch and fluff roots."
Mlepick24,ndsxp8,What types of clips do you use? I have not been able to find good ones
plaintl,ndsxp8,So pretty!
anlougegrl567,ndsfzo,"Recommendations for gels/curl activator (routine in comments)&&&&&&Just started trying to take care of my waves a couple of months ago and feel like I’m in need of some trouble shooting. I’m still trying to learn what my hair likes. I tried a couple of different types of gels early on (NYM curl talk and Aussie instant freeze) but they just seemed to make my hair look stringy. 

At the moment I’m :

washing- experimenting between Hello! Waves and XHC strawberry. Clarifying once a week (tresame clarifyjng shampoo) followed by a deep conditioner (experimenting between garnier hair foods and keratin protein) 

Leave in- praying hands. Giovanni light weight leave in 

Microplop 

Mousse- super drug brand 

Microplop


Any recommendations would be greatly appreciated. This picture is from a wash day but oddly I seem to be getting better results on refresh days ( spray bottle with water and leave in, followed by mousse).

Not sure if my hair needs more hold? Moisture? Something to activate the curls? I think my hair likes light weight products but it’s hard to be sure since it’s all so new to me.

I really appreciate any help! I should add that I’m in the UK."
iceyblaze,ndr5fw,vacation hair care - beach&&&hey everyone! i'll be going on vacation soon and will most likely be in the waves at the beach every day for four days. does anyone have any recommendations on how to take care of my hair since i'll be constantly exposed to saltwater? i'm planning on buying UV protection products for my scalp and hair as well as a leave in conditioner but would like some guidance on what the daily hair routine should look like. thank you!
neverseektotell,ndr5fw,"Swim cap is probably safest. If not, I would stick to not bothering styling, protective style such as a braid or bun, wet your hair and saturate with leave in before you go out, and wear a hat when you can."
cloud-sauce,ndlfmq,The Mane Man!&&&
totorioto,ndlfmq,😂😂😂
Jasminetdscott,ndkzm9,"One week progress!&&&&&&So, I took the advice I got last week and added in ‘squish to condish’ and swapped out curling cream for a gel. It’s not perfect, I didn’t use enough gel I think and the back is a bit weird and flat but it’s definitely better.

I have low porosity hair and I’m not sure about anything else yet.

Routine (I’m in UK so these are the products I can get here):
Shampoo with Noughty wave hello/
Squish to condish with Cantu hydrating conditioner/
Added the pink Eco curl and wave gel while hair was soaking wet/
Plopped for half an hour/
Diffused

There was hardly any cast on my hair after drying so maybe I need to add more gel next time, or dry my hair off a bit before adding it? I like that it’s softer but I would ideally love more definition. 

Has anyone got any tips for forming waves in the back? It’s gone a bit flat today."
neverseektotell,ndkzm9,I always add a little more eco gel to the back when it’s about 20% dry to add some hold.
ileakedmyfriendscard,ndgiuv,Help please! My hair is always frizzy and puffy and I never know what to do about it. I’ve never been taught about how to take care of my hair so I have no clue what to do. I’ve been told I have wavy hair&&&
spicymothballs,ndgiuv,"Okay so first wow you have such goooorgeous color! Now onto how we can help those waves! The first and possibly most important thing you need to do is stop brushing your hair when its dry!! Only ever brush your hair when its wet/damp and ideally when its saturated in conditioner. Also only use a [wetbrush](https://www.walmart.com/ip/Wet-Brush-Original-Detangler-Hair-Brush-Pink/889876218), gentle detangling brush or widetoothed comb to brush your hair. As for drying your hair if you absolutely need to towel dry it use a microfiber towel or cotton tshirt, if you are interested in diffusing your hair with a blow dryer look up some videos and please invest in a heat protectant spray/cream! It looks like you need some moisture in your hair so I would look for a lightweight leave in conditioner/wave activator. To get definition in your hair you’re going to want to use a gel, cream or mousse, I would recommend a lightweight gel. There are multiple methods for applying products that you can look up and test out for yourself (eg. prayer hands, raking) and it is also gona be very important to encourage clumping in your hair by scrunching (you can find videos/tutorials for this as well). Theres more info in the FAQ and beginners guides and I hope some of this was helpful to you! Good luck and can’t wait to see your waves’ transformation :)"
Cheshire17,ndf3kz,"A couple weeks into my wavy hair journey. Loving how the underside of my hair is looking when it’s flipped over!&&&&&&Thank you! Of course it looked like this at 10pm shortly before I went to bed!&&&Thank you so much for the advice!! I’ll be so excited if I can get the top layer looking like the bottom. It’s already so much better than it was a few weeks ago. I posted to r/curlyhair a few weeks ago if you want to see what it looked like then. I’ll definitely keep updates coming!&&&Thank you! Now if only I could get the top layer to cooperate as well as this part!!&&&Routine: washed with Shea Moisture Moisture Retention Shampoo and conditioned with Cantu conditioner yesterday. Today I deep conditioned with Shea Moisture protein power treatment. Squished to condish, added Not Your Mother’s curl talk leave in conditioner, Tresemme’s Flawless curls mousse, and Not Your Mother’s curl talk gel. Then plopped and diffused.&&&Thank you so much!"
Dmkayyy,ndf3kz,"I have the opposite issue, my underside is always flat and boring and the top gets waves.  Your hair looks amazing."
Honestly_ALie,ndf3kz,"The underside of your hair looks better because it is in better shape than your canopy. The underside isn’t as exposed to sun/ elements and pollution and you probably don’t spend as much time with the hair dryer/ flat iron/ etc as you do on the top, highlights and other chemical treatments usually focus on the top layers, too. The underside of your hair is like a little preview of what your hair will look like if you stop doing all that stuff. Your hair looks great, btw! Your effort is paying off. I would love to see progress pics as your journey continues."
LittleBoyLost99,ndf3kz,"Shine, waves, volume. You have it all"
auspiciousmutation,ndf3kz,Woah crazy good waves!
blotterjotterno,ndf3kz,Love love love!!!
Existing-Ad-1495,ndcxfz,"Omg you’re gorgeous!! Especially with short hair,
I’m jealoussss 😫💕"
ilovethatdog,ndcxfz,"Before and after my reset cut!&&&&&&Thank you 🥺&&&Routine: 

Clarified with suave clarifying shampoo, washed again with NYM kale shampoo, then roped in NYM gardenia conditioner. Put it in a shower cap while i finished the rest of my shower. Squish to condish while rinsing with cool water. 

Right after turning off the water while my hair was still sopping I roped in Cantu curl cream and then scrunched and scrunched some more. Finger coiled the straighter clumps. I did this all with my hair flipped upside down. After when my hair dried a little I roped in my gel that I dont really remember the name of but it was something like icy and has protein in it. 

Plopped for 15(?) minutes and then scrunched out the crunch.&&&Also have low porosity, medium hair."
