index,id,comments
elena331,kuubpi,Farewell Frizz shampoo and conditioner by Briogeo. I think I found a miracle product that tames my frizzy wavy hair!&&&
neverseektotell,kuq2wk,I have a cowlick at the front so bangs always look weird semi curled semi straight. I hated it. Never again. Check out how hair comes out of the scalp at your hairline before you do it.
peachwestern,kuq2wk,"what happened when you got bangs?&&&hi, i am thinking of getting bangs! before i do, however, i am interested in how/if my hair will react. for those of you who have cut bangs, did the texture change (e.g. did they get wavier/straighter)? Additionally, do you condition your bangs? I have 2a hair with very loose waves and fine hair. i believe my porosity is medium. if anyone has some helpful info it would be greatly appreciated!"
peachy__keane,kuq2wk,"I got bangs for the first time last year and I absolutely loved them! I have since grown them out (mainly out of laziness), but I would definitely cut them again. 

I didn't notice any texture changes in mine at all, and now that they're grown out, they're completely back to my normal curl pattern. I didn't really condition mine, but I don't put condition up near my scalp since I have skin issues. I made sure to put styling products in them though. 

The main things I learned from cutting them were: 

• The front of my hair is the curliest part (2C-3A, while the rest of my hair is between 2A/2B), so I felt like I lost some of my best spiral curls by cutting them into bangs

• Depending on your curl pattern and the length of your bangs, they may end up looking less curly just because they aren't long enough to curl, especially if you have looser, wider curls

• They have to be refreshed Every. Single. Day. This was the kicker for me in deciding to grow them out, as I usually never bother refreshing my hair, but they weren't long to fit up in a pineapple and clipping them up made them wonky, so I'd have to fix them every morning 

Of course, these things are specific to me and you might have a completely different experience, but I think it's 100% worth doing!"
LoneDar,kupvpg,Wow! That looks wonderful and you even got the back to curl beautifully!
crystalballerrr,kupvpg,"My second wash on CGM! I could never get the front and sides of my hair to curl on my own!!!&&&&&&Thank you! It’s all virgin hair—no color or chemicals so it’s been seemingly fairly easy to start retraining my curls&&&Routine:
Love Beauty and Planet Positively Shine Shampoo

LBP Postively Shine Conditioner-squished excess water before squish and condish (head flipped over)

Rinse and Squish out excess water (so it’s not dripping wet)

Uncle Funky’s Daughter Curl Activator (flipped prayer hands and then scrunch) focusing on front/bangs

Herbal Essences Totally Twisted Mousse (prayer hands + very gentle raking, then scrunch)

Plop for 10 minutes

Air dry


I did notice a little bit of residue from the product in the front of my bang but I think because I had my head flipped and didn’t quite work the product in..."
FrizzychunkCAT,kuli8e,Excellent results! Affordable and easy routine. Thanks for sharing!!
Maplebean17,kuli8e,Beautiful!!
Rebeccaontherocks,kuli8e,"Great achievement, I love it!"
SnooTangerines4982,kuli8e,So pretty!
briezayy,kuli8e,Wow looks amazing!!
hungry_ghost34,kuli8e,"What is the ribbon method, if you don't mind?"
lydsquad,kuli8e,Gorgeous results! Which Denman brush do you use?
ndsales,kuli8e,"A few months difference with CGM!&&&&&&White shirt is last September, when I first started CGM. Yellow shirt is today! Yes, I need to get my roots done. Lol.

Routine:

Wash and condition twice a week with NYM orange (I’ve tried several of the NYM shampoos and conditioners and I like this one best). Apply dime sized amount of Curls Blueberry Bliss leave in. Divide in to sections and brush using “ribbon method” with denman brush. Apply a handful of HE Totally Twisted mousse, and then a good amount of Eco Olive Oil gel. The whole time I scrunch scrunch scrunch. Then diffuse upside down until 100% dry. And then SOTC! For refresh days, I usually use Mixed Chicks Morning After Foam. If my hair is looking particularly unruly, I’ll wet it a bit and use more mousse or gel. I do pretty have to refresh every day.

My hair is thick, coarse, high porosity, and I guess 2b/2c with some 3a showing up in there sometimes (I think).&&&Okay I can’t find the TikTok, but I found a YouTube video. This girl brushes her entire head when it’s wet just like you would with a normal brush, which I don’t do. But starting at 8:13, she starts what I call the ribbon or tension method. She brushes through her hair like you would use scissors to curl ribbon, then shakes, then scrunches. And that’s exactly what I do. 

https://youtu.be/P9k_24eKOEU&&&Thank you!&&&Thank you!&&&Thank you and you’re welcome!&&&Thank you!&&&Thank you!&&&Thank you!"
yo_teach213,kuli8e,So pretty!!
cyvonnelili,kukfxn,I’ve gotten my best waves with the bowl method too! My real question tho...how did you get 12 hours of sleep?! 😴
moonlit_dancing,kukfxn,"Best Day 2 hair to date!&&&&&&Haha! It's a superpower, but it only activates on the weekends so I get nothing productive done 😂&&&I've been fiddling around with some other products than I originally started with (as we do!) but I think the techniques I did this time really helped! 

(Also I haven't styled it in at least 2 weeks before this)


Innersense Color Awakening Hairbath

Innersense Color Radiance Daily Conditioner

ACV rinse using a bowl (from @powerdomi on Instagram)

Curls Blueberry Bliss Reparative Leave in Conditioner

Innersense Quiet Calm Curl Control

Aussie Instant Freeze Gel

Herbal Essences Totally Twisted Curl Boosting Mousse

Innersense I Create Finish Hairspray


Used more hairbath and conditioner than I normally would since I haven't washed in a week, about 3 pumps each but incorporating one pump into the hair at a time. Brushed my hair upside down as I was rinsing the conditioner and got out of the shower. Put a large bowl under my dripping wet hair and sprayed scalp and mids with ACV. Dunked my hair back into the leftover water enough to where I felt it resoak and squished once while upside down, redunk and squish on both sides of the head. Used the sink and empty bowl to gently rinse out the ACV. Turned my head right side up to shake gently. Turn back upside down to add leave in by raking and squish-to-condish upside down, dunking once and squish-to-condish on both sides. Shake again right side up, then do the same dunking method for the curl cream and gel, using about a generous quarter size of gel since nickel size didn't leave a cast. Wet plop as I got dressed, then gently micro plopped upside down with microfiber towel with open palms until somewhere between wet and damp. Added about an orange size amount of mousse by prayer hands then gentle squish-to-condish (although it was definitely too much as I had some leftover squeeze out). Add the hairspray and pixie diffused sections on hot slow air for maybe 15 minutes, then turned right side up and hover diffused on cold slow air until dry. Left the cast in until about to leave the house then scrunched out the crunch. 

For night time I just pineappled and slept on a satin pillowcase. I didn't expect to have any sort of decent hair since I slept for 12 hours."
EisenAugen,kukc4n,"I liked the formula for my hair, but it was kind of expensive for shampoo no matter how nice it felt to me lol. Did not experience thinning or burns, but others have so take with a grain of salt"
FieryGhosts,kukc4n,[it’s not CG approved ](https://www.reddit.com/r/curlyhair/comments/ks3a1c/i_took_the_time_to_type_up_the_function_of_beauty/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf)
Unlikely_Egg,kukc4n,"Tried it last year and I really wasn't a fan. It made my scalp greasy almost immediately after washing, and my hair went very limp and was falling out much more than usual. It smelled great though."
a_diddle,kukc4n,"Thoughts or experience with Function of Beauty Products?&&&My local Target is now selling function of beauty hair products and I was wondering if anyone has used them before. They totally look like a marketing scam, but one I’m okay with being sucked into 😂. The bottles are so cute and I like that you can pick out the different additives to customize your product. Has anyone here used these before?"
huffsterr,kukc4n,"I tried twice, two slightly different formulas and I wasn’t a huge fan. I didn’t find them to be particularly moisturizing, they are only silicone free if you specifically request it, and their purple shampoo is a farce (a good way to tell a good purple shampoo is if it lathers purple - if it lathers white, it’s not going to have the impact it’s supposed to). I also really hate how shady they are about their ingredients. I tried to find out exactly what ingredients were in the formula I bought, and it was virtually impossible without contacting an agent. I eventually gave up. I’ve been experimenting with other options and won’t be reordering.&&&Omg yeah! It’s weird to feel like it’s simultaneously so greasy and so dry!!!"
jordan0696,kukc4n,"Absolutely do not do it. I used their subscription service before they started selling in stores, and aside from the fact that the products caused an unbelievable amount of buildup, scalp itchiness, and dryness in my hair, their customer service sucked. They tried to charge me for a second box of products after three months and when I explained the products didn't work for me and I didn't want new ones they only offered me a partial refund. I had to bug them to refund all $80 they had charged for three tiny bottles of product."
laceteapixie,kukc4n,I've tried function of beauty a few times and initially I like it but then my scalp gets irritated and itchy. I opt for no dyes and light natural fragrance. I probably should have gone fragrance free but I like my hair to smell nice. The conditioner made my hair feel super soft though.
mandrew_x,kukc4n,Not me but my best friend got all excited and got some for herself. She stopped using it because her hair started thinning to the point of seeing scalp.
rantott_sajt,kukc4n,"It wasn’t my favorite but also wasn’t the worst I’ve used. I used them back in 2017 so I have no idea if they’ve changed their formulas or not, but mine definitely wasn’t moisturizing enough so I didn’t reorder."
Mediocre_Decision,kuk8k7,I agree with the other comment about focusing on your hair health/look before the type (your hair health especially in order to help the growing back process-brittle/fragile hair could break before it grows fully). I also love your colour!
dats_no_moon,kuk8k7,"I'm not strictly CGM but I took a lot from it! Wanting to start it soon, but I don't know what hair type I could be lol. Looking for some tips and product recommendation. My waves lose a lot of definition. Also, had an ED, lost a lot of hair that's finally growing back. Any tips for that too?&&&"
pilfernoodles,kuk8k7,"Since you’re starting out, don’t worry about your “hair type” (1c, 2b, etc) as it’s the least important part of the equation. As your hair regains health and balance, it’s likely you’ll see changes in the way it waves/curls. 

The more important aspects to know are your porosity (high v. low) and texture (coarse v. fine). Once you figure those two qualities out, you have a good starting point to figure out what types of ingredients you’re looking for in your products. 

Because you said your hair was damaged from ED, and I can see in the photo it’s been colored, I recommend investing in a bottle of Olaplex3. It’s a treatment, not a shampoo or conditioner. It will help repair all those broken molecular bonds that have weakened your hair and is causing it to be fragile. The stuff is expensive but well worth the cost. Honestly, it’s magic in a bottle. Use it for a few treatments before changing anything else in your routine. You might be amazed at the difference just from that product alone."
MonkMonk24,kujhqu,"Looking for 2b/2c low porosity products?&&&Hello, I’m about to go to Sally’s to get some new hair products. What would you recommend for my hair? I have 2b/2c fine hair but I have alot and it does get easily weight down if I use alot of products. What should I get?"
Cllorento,kuf3vc,"It's on sale at $14 (usually sells for $16)  at the minute, so a little over your budget but Ecoslays 'Matcha Boost' is amazing. Used it when my hair was over moisturised and within 2 uses my hair was back to normal and holding its wave/curl even better than before it was over moisturised. Can't recommend it enough!

Plus I SATURATED my hair with it both times I've used it and there's only a small bit of product gone from the bottle, so should last a long while."
FieryGhosts,kuf3vc,Looking for product recommendations-CG approved protein treatment&&&P
Pupperochini,kuf3vc,"Aphogee two step protein treatment is cheap and effective, and I believe its cgm approved. You only need a few ounces per treatment. You can get it at Sally's or online, not sure if its in other stores in person."
RoswinCooks,kuf3vc,"I currently use the Shea Moisture Manuka Honey & Yogurt treatment. It’s CGM approved and runs about $11.50 for a jar. 

I’m not sure if that fits what your looking for but I use it when I’m feeling over moisturized. Granted, I’m kinda new to all this so maybe someone will come along with a better recommendation."
acatreadingamap,kuf3vc,I love the Mane Club cry baby mask! They come in little sachets for $3 and you can get a few uses out of it. I found it at walmart. It might not fix a moisture overload problem right away (like the aphogee treatment) but it’s good for regular use to keep your hair balanced if it loves protein like mine does!
crackedmacb,kuf3vc,"I just ordered some silk amino acids to add to products I already have as needed.  I got them [here](https://lotioncrafter.com/products/silk-amino-acids-pf?_pos=1&_sid=1dd655e6b&_ss=r).  I don't have them yet, so I can't say for sure if it's more of a pain than buying something slightly more expensive than I'd like, but I also can't do artificial fragrance or coconut scent (artificial or natural) and Shea Moisture stuff isn't my favorite, so I'm trying to find workarounds."
pilfernoodles,kuf3vc,"The cheapest answer to “intense protein treatment” is to do a DIY gelatin mask. The envelope of gelatin is less than a dollar at most grocery stores. It can be thick and messy so if that’s more than you’re willing to try, next. cheapest would a rice water treatment using the bowl method. 

For rice water treatment, you literally just boil rice (use more water than you’d use for normal cooking) and then separate the cooled water, which will be protein rich. Lean over a large bowl, pour the rice water over your hair, letting the rice water spill into the large bowl below. Squish. Pour the recaptured rice water back into your pouring container and repeat multiple times. You can cover with a shower cap and let sit before rinsing out with clear water. 

This bowl treatment can also be done with the cheap beer of your choice, if you know your hair prefers wheat protein over rice. Your hair *will not* smell like beer afterwards.

editing to add:  just be careful when doing any protein treatment in response to over-moisturizing, that you don’t swing the pendulum too far the other way. It’s so much easier to do several less intense treatments over some time and nudge yourself closer and closer to balance, than to dealing with having gone too far and then need to recover the opposite way.&&&I actually checked the ingredients, because this had been my first thought too as I’d seen it recommended many times by curlies in the past. They may have changed the formula because, turns out, it’s not."
shattered_illusions,kuf3vc,"The cheapest, most effective option is the Neutral Protein Filler. Just be sure to dilute it before using it as a hair mask; it is a super protein heavy product."
sop4321,kuf3vc,How do you know if your hair is over moisturised?
zillarillazilla,kuf3vc,Mine is in the way - I’m excited to try it out!&&&Not sure if It is CGM - Hask Keratin (in pink pouches) is also great.
Ciels_Thigh_High,kueonj,"I know it's not what you asked, but I can't sleep now unless it's pretty cold! I hate waking up sweaty. If you live up north, it could be a way to save money now by lowering your heating at night :)"
DamnGinaAU,kueonj,"If you haven’t already tried, silk is a natural moisture-wicking fabric and naturally thermo-regulating!"
crochet_cat_lady,kueonj,"So I read that silk bonnets often have too much room inside for us wavies and that a scarf wrap tends to be better for our hair. That's what I do and I haven't looked back! Here's a link to a great tutorial on sleeping on and refreshing wavy hair. 

[wavy refresh routine ](https://youtu.be/UWZznhYiqM8)"
crochethooker1,kueonj,I use Medusa clipping as an alternative to the pineapple.
daphuqijusee,kueonj,"How about a mesh hair net - one of the ones typically used for rollers?

It'll keep your hair together but because it's mesh it's still breathable so you shouldn't overheat from it."
dreamsmarter,kueonj,Have you tried a satin or silk scarf?
jennyquackles,kueonj,"Alternative protective hairstyles?&&&My hair gets knotty very easily, so I need a protective hairstyle, but I’ve having issues with the ones I’ve tried. I’ve been using a bonnet, but this is making me overheat during the night which has caused my pillows and duvet to become stained as the colour has come out with my sweat. I also can’t pineapple, because I end up spending most of the night awake concerned I’m lying on it, and whilst I sometimes braid this messes up my natural pattern. Are there any other protective hairstyles/things I can try? 

My current routine because I know it’s asked for. Wash every 3/4 days with either Superdrug coconut or Umberto Giannini and detangle when wet. L’Oréal curl tunic and umberto giannini gel, diffuse and then let air dry the rest of the way.

Edit: Thanks for the suggestions so far! I do have a silk pillowcase too but my hair is so prone to tangling that I have to have an extra level of protection"
kstrawmatt2020,kueonj,Sleeping on a satin pillowcase
luckyloolil,kueonj,"What about a silk bonnet? Silk will breathe better than satin, so it might help. Same with a silk pillow case."
pilfernoodles,kueonj,"I like using a Buff. They’re made from a tee shirt like material, and are simply an open tube, so less likely to cause sweating issues. Bonus, when my partner wants to be up later than me, I just don’t pull it up as high and it acts like an sleep mask too, lol."
rmg1102,kueonj,do you have a lot of hair? I just looked at those and I’m not sure if my fine hair can fill it out hahha
selling-seashells,kueonj,This is brilliant!
takethehiddenpaths,kueonj,I just like to French braid my hair. It messes up my curl/wave pattern too but honestly I’ve just accepted the idea that I’m always going to have to refresh the next morning. My waves simply aren’t strong enough to last overnight.
teslasneakthief,kueonj,Can confirm. Scarf is where it’s at. I’ve tried them all but the scarf works every time.
theweedfairy_,kueonj,Could you link an easy to follow tutorial?
ImpressiveExchange9,ku7arg,Well your hair is fucking gorgeous
SadlyNotanAlien,ku7arg,"Did you do anything special to get your bangs to curl? My hair is looking nice these days but my bangs are like ""ayy we still bein straight right?"" 


Nice progress by the way!"
crispy_christin,ku7arg,"First Day (bottom right) To Now (left)!&&&&&&Thank you so much! It was basically my only quarantine hobby so I kind of did a speed run of it haha. I think the biggest helper is clipping the roots and diffusing!&&&Thank you! Bangs are the worst. In the top right those were completely natural but the longer my hair gets I’ve noticed they’ll  hang in my face they dry and I’ll end up tucking them behind my ears and therefore straightening them. So, I’ll usually use flexirods when they’re wet just for my bangs and sleep on them.&&&Thank you!! :)&&&Pretty happy with my progress since July last year, but I’m definitely in need of a haircut because I’m losing volume/curl FAST. 

Process:
-Wash with Love Beauty and Planet Volume and Bounty Shampoo
-Condition with Love Beauty and Planet Conditioner or random deep conditioner 
-Comb and scrunch while conditioned, then rinse
-Remove excess moisture with T-shirt
-Scrunch in ECO Olive Oil Gel
-Clip roots and diffuse/air dry 

Sometimes I use a root boosting mousse but I’m not convinced it does anything at all haha. I like to keep it relatively simple!&&&Thank you!! :)"
sababarama,ku7arg,Crazy good progress! Keep rocking it!
velouriaSF,ku7arg,Your hair is gorgeous! And only further illustrates that I must be doing something wrong. I'm 4 years in and my hair still looks like your first day. \*sigh\*
Bike_Pretty,ku6uvg,"Regular deep conditioning and extra argan oil on the hairs at the nape of my neck make a big difference. But if I have to wear winter oats with big collars and/or scarves, I just have to wear my hair up"
blckrainbow,ku6uvg,"Yup, the tangles are insane, but fortunately only form if I don't detangle or brush my hair with conditioner in it (with tangle teezer wetbrush) with every wash. I make sure to apply product there too, both leave-in and mousse, seems to keep them in order."
fancy_penguin09,ku6uvg,"Does anyone else get dreaded hair by their neck? If so, how do you avoid it?? And has anyone ever just embraced it instead of untangling it everytime? 😂&&&&&&That’s a good idea (extra argon oil back there)! Thanks for the advice! :)&&&I detangle my hair after every shower, but that’s typically the only time I use a brush. Outside of that, I’ll try and run my fingers through. But I could apply more product back there, thanks for the advice! :)&&&Ooohhh I like that idea. I always wondered if people with that 1 braid did it because of the inevitable dread. Maybe dye it different colors.... :) I like it! Thanks for the advice!"
redpoppy29,ku6uvg,"I put in small braids at the nape of my neck and coat them with castor oil. It helps the little fuzzies to grow out, too"
L_bird,ku6nqa,"Do I need to ditch the silicones?&&&I'm new to this sub, and just recently have started looking for ways to improve my natural waves. 

Some years ago I changed my haircare routine to make my hair healthier (I used to wash, blowdry, and straighten my hair way too often). My current routine is: wash with shampoo and conditioner every 5 days, comb out with a wide-tooth comb, apply leave-in conditioner, and air dry, no heat whatsoever. My hair is MUCH healthier now, and it's helped my natural waves come out some. 

The thing is, I'm in the habit of using a brand of sulfate-free hydrating shampoo and conditioner that has dimethicone in it (and is fairly pricey). A lot of what I've read seems to indicate that I will need to completely switch products (including my leave-in and deep conditioners) to silicone-free ones if I want to improve my waves. 

I want better waves, but I'm reluctant to toss all my nice products. (I'm also not super keen on going full Curly Girl or just doing co-washes). 

So I want to know what your experience is with silicones--is there no hope for my wavy hair if I keep using my current products?&&&Thank you!"
ceshhbeshh,ku6nqa,"I found that after ditching silicones my ends were much nicer. Previously when using silicones my day 2-3 hair, the ends would be noticeably lighter and start breaking off. Looking and feeling unhealthy. Once I ditched silicones that look/feel went away. I can go 4-5 days in between washes and the ends are still smooth."
sunshine-1111,ku6nqa,"Silicones are ok for some people but don’t work for others.  Ultimately if you aren’t washing them out periodically with sulfates then they are building up on your hair.  Personally my hair can’t handle silicones and does much better without them.  The only way for you to know for sure is to go without them for a few months and see if that changes your hair.  Don’t throw away your nice products right away, hang in to them to use later of you find removing silicones didn’t help your hair."
Wavyhaircare,ku5czn,"Does your hair get a hard cast? If not, using more gel might help more with frizz. For me, getting a good cast and good hold from my gel or mousse is key to keeping frizz at bay day to day. 

Though I also found that the longer I did CGM, the less frizz I would have even on days when I would skip using any products. I think it was basically that my hair was on the dryer side before CGM and doing squish to condish in the shower and using deep conditioner sometimes, etc helped to make my hair more moisturized over time and that helped with frizz."
autophile688,ku5czn,"Help With Flyaways/Frizz&&&So I just started treating my hair as wavy two washes ago, and I'm pretty happy with my waves already, but I have a ridiculous amount of flyaways and general frizzing in a halo on top of my head. Any recommendations for helping with this or will it just get better because I've stopped dry brushing?

My routine is L'Oreal Elvive Extraordinary Clay shampoo and conditioner with the same as a leave in and la looks blue sport gel. I just microplop and air dry because I can't be bothered to diffuse.

Thanks!&&&Thanks! Yeah, that's what I was hoping since I haven't really used much conditioner in the past."
hooperluna,ku3syk,"Day 2 vs. Day 16&&&&&&Day 2: 
1. Marc Anthony curl shampoo on roots, same brand conditioner and squished to condish.
2. Wet brush in the shower. 
3. Squished in Shea Moisture Curl Stretch Pudding upside down/ sideways/ right side up 
(I was/still am a novice and I didn’t read. Accidentally picked a curl stretch product, still use it but mix it with water in my hands first) 
4. Plopped for 20-30 minutes with T-shirt
5. Air dry 

Day 16:
1. No shampoo 
2. Soaked hair with warm water then squished in Zotos ‘All about curls: Divine treatment’ curl cream, then finger combed
3. Microplopped (quite vigorously lol) with T-shirt 
4. Air dry 
5. Fluffed out my roots with fingertips

r/wavyhair has helped me so much and I feel so much less sad then a couple weeks ago! Finally not feeling like my hair looks like crazy string cheese 🌊 for all you guys just starting things will get better!"
