index,id,comments
Botanisosurus_Rex,kzlub3,"I have a thought about the ""flat side"" in hair&&&I know, scary, having a thought and all lol. Anyway, I'm trying to figure if I have found a connection to the ""flat side"" in my hair. I know others stuggle too, the one side that doesn't curl like the other.
Well it just dawned on me that my flat side is my side that I always sleep on. And I know I sleep with my hair in a pineapple so that shouldn't make a difference. But thought it was an interesting coincidence. Anyone else have that correlation?&&&Good point!&&&When I say flat side, I guess I mean the side that just doesn't curl the same. The rest of my head has great texture and it holds it well. My right half however gets a slight wave and loses any good definition pretty quick"
UnfathomableWonders,kzlub3,I mean there’s like four-five inches of hair pulled up across your head into the pineapple so from your scalp to that far down would definitely be affected by side sleeping.
annapie,kzlub3,"I sleep on both sides and I wouldn’t say that I have a “flat side” but both sides do get semi-flattened. So there might be something to that.

The hair by nearest to my temples is also finer than the sections immediately near it so I think that contributes. Additionally that section by my temples doesn’t curl symmetrically either, one side seems to like to curl towards towards my face and the other one likes to curl away which can make it look kinda funky depending on the cut/styling/mood that my hair is in."
ifeellikeabook,kzlmxj,"My waves don’t clump until day 2?&&&On wash day, no matter how I dry my hair, my hair ends up falling out into a mass of hair that bends at the same place without distinct clumps. But after sleeping on my hair, my hair groups into clumps. Why is this happening and how can I get clumps on washday? 

The same thing also happens when I refresh, although it happens less. When I refresh by spraying water into my hair and using a denman brush, it doesn’t dry into clumps the same way clumps form after I sleep on my hair. Although the side that I sleep on doesn’t form clumps as nice, it still forms. 

This is day 4, so not the best example: [clumping on day 4 after day 3 refresh](https://imgur.com/a/mbZ9GzB)
Another thing is, the clumps form underneath a thin layer of hair that is the top layer of hair when I part it. That top hair just floats above the clumps. 

I also experience flash drying when I use NYM curl talk conditioner (3 in 1). I think it may be the protein, but my hair didn’t react at all when I did a rice water treatment so I thought my hair wasn’t protein sensitive? I find that I don’t get seaweed hair with any of my products though, and recommendations?"
namhars,kzlmxj,"Not a helpful comment here at all but my post wash day hair, especially day 3 and onward, clumps better and looks nicer as well. No idea how to fix it!"
autochoris,kzk0o7,Which NYM curl cream? Your hair looks amazing!
booklver23,kzk0o7,"Getting There!&&&&&&2A, very fine, low porosity hair (used to be more like 2c, so I’m working on that). Today I clarified with aveda rosemary mint and deep conditioned with aveda botanical repair mask. Out of the shower on DAMP hair I applied NYM curl cream and uncle funkys gel. I realized my hair was really needing protein so I am starting slow as my hair can get dry/ off balance quickly. I diffused halfway focusing more so on drying my roots."
Aggravating_Oven_815,kzitjc,I have 2a/b hair after starting CGM and before it looked very sleek and straight. It was super manageable and shiny but a lot of it was down to the fact it was way over moisturised which actually looks good on straight hair. But ik a few 2a/2b girls who had kinda frizzy poofy hair before CGM. If your hair is incredibly frizzy it’s likely it could be a 2b/2c type.
Koakage,kzitjc,"What does 2a hair look like before starting the cgm?&&&I’m not sure if I have wavy hair or not. Sometimes I think I do with the amount of frizz I have, but I’m not really sure. What does 2a hair look like before its properly cared for?"
Wavyhaircare,kzitjc,"I span the whole wavy spectrum but I'd say I'm mostly 2B. If I brush my hair and don't use products, it's pretty straight, especially when my hair is longer.

Here is brushed with no products on left, and just adding mousse on the right:

[https://imgur.com/a/A4oxwJB](https://imgur.com/a/A4oxwJB)

Here is my hair when it's shorter and brushed out vs just using mousse:

[https://imgur.com/a/rFeG5Ol](https://imgur.com/a/rFeG5Ol)

So I imagine that if someone had all 2a hair, their hair could be even straighter when brushed out than mine is. There may not even be signs of bends at all if brushed."
hijinks24,kzitjc,"Go to this lady’s blog right here wavy hair care.com. Her pictures as a child/teen made it dawn on me that I have wavy hair. 

Ps your blog helps me out soooo much"
jbelrookie,kzitjc,"For me,  the front of my hair looked straight with bends at the end. Hair on the side and the back of my head look like what I guess it would after braiding my hair all wonky and uneven. When dry brushed, my hair would poof out and get frizzy, only for it to ""clump"" back together and get tangled again anyway... but my hair didn't necessarily look bad either this way so I stopped dry brushing or combing my hair years ago."
ohterribleheartt,kzitjc,"I run along 2a/2b hair. When I just wash + condition, my hair dries and looks like I had very VERY loose braids in all day."
4leavesoflettuce,kzftar,"Wavy Hair Help?&&&Hey! So I think I’m the type who actually has wavy hair but has been treating like straight hair. I’ve seen the tiktoks/done my research online, and I’d like to see if I can bring out some waves. Can you guys give some advice on how to do that/product recommendations? Thanks so much :)&&&Thank you!"
Wavyhaircare,kzftar,"I used to think my hair was straight and just poofy and frizzy. When I started CGM the biggest differences for me came from

1. Not brushing or combing my hair after the shower or between washes. 
2. Scrunching my hair at the end of my shower, in part to get water out and in part to help encourage my waves to spring up. 
3. Using gel or mousse (and a lot of it) to help preserve my hair pattern. For me, getting a cast is important. If I don't use enough gel to get a cast, my waves will fall flat by the end of the day. 
4. Diffusing instead of air drying"
Aggravating_Oven_815,kzfpes,"Shea moisture is probably far too heavy for your hair and seeing as it is a  very loose wave (from the pictures shown) I think it will weigh down your hair till it is almost straight. I recommend something a lot more lightweight like a mousse. Also try experimenting with wet and damp styling and see which one works for you best, water has the tendency to weigh down loose waves. Also scrunching the living hell out of your hair before you plop makes a huge difference for me and really enhances my 2a/b waves. Because your hair is on the looser/straighter side it may just be best to use really strong curl enhancers if you’re looking for a beach wave texture."
cncld4dncng,kzfpes,"Oooh we have the exact same hair type I think! I’m new to all of this too so I don’t have much advice, but I’ve been liking curl creams for plopping."
hijinks24,kzfpes,I always heard that sheas moisture is too heavy for waves 90% of the time
madisonnichol,kzfpes,"Newbie seeking advice&&&&&&Routine:
- recently switched from Monat products (mostly to support a friend and give it a try, not because I love the MLM)

-on my fifth wash with CG
- started 1st wash with a reset wash on Suave Clarifying (the one in the Pdf from this group) and Shae Moisture conditioner, rinsed out mostly 95%. 

Regular routine now:
- Shea Moisture raw Shea butter shampoo
- Shea Moisture curl and shine conditioner 
- never ring out hair. Detangle mostly with fingers gently then wide tooth comb
- add a few more pumps of conditioner, flip hair upside down and scrunch 
- leave in for a few minutes, rinse out lightly about 80%
- leave soaking wet, add gel (the generic treseme gel) and scrunch upside down
- plop in microfiber hair wrap

My hair is very very thick so drying takes a while. I rarely use heat on my hair and don’t particularly want to start now (ie diffusing)

I like to loosely braid or twist my hair when I need to wash and go. 

Any suggestions? My hair seems to be much healthier but less curly since starting CG

- I believe that my hair gets weighed down with products. I don’t use hair spray on special occasions when I do wand curl my hair otherwise the curls wouldn’t stay. 

- I did not use gel the first two washes, seemed to do a bit better on the second two washes with gel&&&Thank you all for your tips! I’m going to try rinsing all of the conditioner out of my hair, and using mouse instead of gel."
Thatglassesgirl,kzf5ul,"From washing my hair daily and thinking my hair was poofy and fluffy to discovering I have wavy hair, this is my 3rd week into CGM. 3rd day hair for the win today&&&&&&I’ve been washing my hair 2-3 times a week with either a low-poo or a co-wash. Ill be using a clarifying shampoo once a month or so. Conditioner is cantu conditioner (forget at the moment which one). Leave in hair for 5 mins as a finish my shower routine. Comb with a wide tooth comb and rinse out upside down. 

Out of shower: use Camilla Rose leave-in conditioner and scrunch with a t-shirt. Apply LA Looks gel and plop for 20 mins or so. Diffuse for 10-15 mins or until my neck and back can’t take it anymore lmao. Air dry the rest. Scrunch the crunch out and finish with Shea Moisture finishing oil. 

2nd and 3rd day hair: I sleep on a silk pillowcase and with my hair in a pineapple. I spray water mixed with a bit of conditioner in the bottle and scrunch again to reactivate curls. Apply more gel if needed and scrunch the crunch."
alligator124,kzdy1v,"I have very similar hair to you in that it's 2b-c, thin strands but a lot of it, and my pattern is strongest after my ears. 

The longer I treated/styled my hair wavy, the longer I could go between washes. I don't know why this is- I think it might have to with a more balanced scalp being able to absorb it's own oils rather than it sitting on top of dehydrated skin. That said, I can only go 3-4 days right now. 

Allow yourself to use a dry shampoo. I never saw it in people's wavy/curly routines, so I thought it was a no-no. But I couldn't get to days 3-4 without it. As long as you clarify every few weeks, you should be good.

On the subject of clarifying, I wonder if your hair getting ""used"" to products comes from build up of the particular ingredients in your habitual products, and a change of products stops that cycle. It sounds counter intuitive, but clarifying regularly (for me, every 2 weeks or so) allows built up oils and butters to wash off so your hair can absorb water. Hydration= Happy Hair!

I'm like you in that I have to use a low poo. Cowashing is out of the question for me, I'm just too greasy and my hair too fine. That said, if you've got dryness at your ends, I would recommend pre-pooing/dirty deep conditioning before cleansing. Essentially, just apply a deep conditioner (in your case probably from the ears down) to wet hair, but before you cleanse. I would look into the [bowl](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e-SXsREnEP0&ab_channel=Lulu%2aCurlicue_lu%2a) [method](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AVT9H3-u7SU&ab_channel=JannelleO%27Shaughnessy) for both this step and styling. 

For the scalp breakouts, check out [cosdna.](http://www.cosdna.com/eng/) You enter the product name and it gives you ingredients. I don't much pay attention to the comedogenicity because it's different for everyone, but you can compare the different ingredients that rate highly for comedogenicity between products that do and don't work for you to figure out what makes you break out. 

Definitely make sure you're getting enough manual action when you clean your scalp! People really love this scalp [scrubber tool](https://www.amazon.com/Scalp-Massager-Shampoo-Brush-MAXSOFT/dp/B074ZDXFL6). I don't have one, but I fully plan on getting one. A lot of people can get away with more moisturizing cleansers because this physically just scrubs the gunk off.

Lastly, make sure you're not struggling with hard water! Ask other people you know in your city, look it up, or get a test kit. The last placed I lived had hard water and I didn't realize it had an effect on my hair, but I basically had your issue- tons of build up and oily scalp + dry af ends. A chelating shampoo should help. Here's a good [video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O7jL9hsdMEI&ab_channel=JannelleO%27Shaughnessy) on that!

I definitely don't want this to turn into an expensive list of products to buy, so I'll just leave this- I personally love the Love Beauty + Planet Tea Tree shampoo. It's sulfate free, and definitely does a good job cleaning my oily scalp, but it doesn't totally strip my hair."
redwoodslug,kzdy1v,"Oily Roots and Dry, Puffy, Ends. :( I need your help.&&&Hi wavies,

I’ve known my hair was wavy for a long time. Still trying to recover my hair’s balance after.... regrettably... bleaching my whole head platinum in 2017.

I’ve been through a stupid amount of shampoos and conditioners. From drugstore to super expensive stuff to even trying out Prose (it made my hair fall out!) and I’m *tired.* 

My hair will sometimes manage well with one set of shampoo/conditioner and then it seems to become bored of them. lmao. Begins frizzing up and drying out again.

I’m struggling so bad with keeping my ends smooth, soft, and hydrated. While also keeping my scalp from having too much oil and build-up.

Edit: Maui moisture makes my scalp breakout, I’ve had the most luck with Briogeo be gentle, be kind (but my hair gets tired of it), I used to use Shea moisture manuka honey mask as my daily conditioner because my hair is THAT dry.

PLEASE I need your recommendations! I’m tired of washing money down the drain!

My hair type:
- thin strands
- but A LOT of hair, very thick
- my waves only come in around ear-length
- probably 2B-2Cish&&&Thank you sooo much for this helpful comment! I am going to follow through with your recommendations. I already picked up the tea tree shampoo, and I wasn’t expecting to like it— (I tried their body wash before and hated it lmao) but the smell is divine and I like how well it cleans without stripping my hair. As far as dry shampoo goes, do you have a favorite or one you recommend? I tend to let my hair go awhile between washes.&&&Thank you!!! 💕 I’m going to try this out sometime! I Googled it and it seems a little hard to find. Where do you buy yours from?"
throwaway04357,kzdy1v,I like Designline honey and aloe leave in conditioning spray. It *stinks* because of the honey but the scent fades quickly. I have wavy/curly super thick hair that expands horizontally when dry lol and the spray really helps give me nice defined curls that clump together. (Promise I don't work for the company or anything lol just wanted to share since it's my holy grail product!)
Accomplished-Bad-630,kzc5t7,This is super helpful. I have a mix of 2c and 2b and my hair has always hated coconut. Now I know why.
Banri_na_BheanSidhe,kzc5t7,They also have a Raw Shea and Cupuacu frizz defense line for thick wavy hair. I've got some of their products ordered and will update on how I fair with them.
FieryGhosts,kzc5t7,"I’ve seen a lot of posts lately where wavies are using heavy Shea Moisture products and figured I’d share this guide I got from their website. It’s kinda outdated, some of the type 2 lines have been discontinued. More info in comments&&&"
Jenn-bird1217,kzc5t7,Wow !!!! Super needed this
LOLARISX,kzc5t7,"I'm 2B/C but with higher porosity ends (balayage) and low porosity roots with coarse strand and medium density. Manuka & Mafura mask is amazing on my hair. Granted, I *cannot* use it as a deep treatment. It weighs down my hair too much. But if I use it only for a few minutes like regular conditioner, my hair is super soft, clumpy, bouncy gorgeousness."
Laetificans,kzc5t7,"I bought the stuff based on this picture today, I can take a before/after picture and thoughts if you want?"
MBmondongo,kzc5t7,Thank you!!
Mountaineerjd,kzc5t7,"I'm a guy with shoulder length 2b and 2c hair and use the Shea Moisture Black Castor Oil Leave In after every wash and co-wash. Gives me great results. After, I use a Shea Moisture cream pomade as my lock-in. I've never received more compliments on my hair"
Saratrooper,kzc5t7,"Same here, I've been in mourning for 2 years over it. 😭"
Sorakuroi98,kzc5t7,Try a beauty supply store? My local beauty supply stores have way more variety but depending on the store they might require a cosmetology license to buy
Spooky_97,kzc5t7,I'm glad my coconut oil conditioner works for all types!
Valentcat,kzc5t7,"Oof, as a 2C, just bought the “Manuka Honey & Mafura Oil.” I guess we’ll see!"
blckrainbow,kzc5t7,"I am mostly 2c and the 10in1 line (not pictured) made my hair so heavy and unmanageable, with too much buildup, while the Coconut&Hibiscus curl smoothie works wonders on my hair when used sparingly. The Coconut daily hydration is my absolute favorite."
cranberry_depends,kzc5t7,Has anyone used the green coconut and activated charcoal line?
dkssjejsg,kzc5t7,"I'm 3a/2c and the manuka honey and yogurt deep conditioner is the second best thing that ever happened to my hair, after Olaplex #3"
erinjessicaxo,kzc5t7,I’ve never seen able to find the ones for type 2s.
flyingburritogirl,kzc5t7,"I have the shampoo and conditioner. I really like the shampoo, it’s light and doesn’t weight my fine 2b/c waves down. The conditioner is okay, it’s thick and has little to no slip...I would buy the shampoo again but not the conditioner"
glitterfixesanything,kzc5t7,"Porosity matters too! I’ve got a mix of 2b, 2c, and 3a on my head and low porosity. Lots of the oils and butters in curly hair products don’t agree with low porosity. If you google “sciency hair blog” there’s a blogspot where a lady named Wendy gets SUPER into the science of curly and wavy hair. She doesn’t post often but her resources have helped me figure out what oils to avoid- turns out my hair likes babbasu."
ilovehummus16,kzc5t7,I’m 2B and my hair loves some of the curly products. I use the coconut & hibiscus shampoo and conditioner and the JBCO hair mask. I also have high porosity hair so I think that’s a bigger factor than curl type for me.
justletmepostplz,kzc5t7,I went from Coconut & Hibiscus to Manuka Honey & Yogurt and noticed a big difference. I’m also using some other new products but I’ll say the switch also helped
left_handed_violist,kzc5t7,RIP Fruit Fusion. That stuff was my HG.
lettuceleaf12,kzc5t7,Me too!! 2b/2c and I’ve noticed the small ringlets I get at the front seem to be more defined/abundant when I use the coconut & hibiscus shampoo? Do you recommend the conditioner? :)
majesticshegoat,kzc5t7,"I have 2A hair, and I have found that the jbco line is amazing for me due to the high protein content. Personally,  I've had better luck finding the products that work for me by evaluating my hair needs and learning about ingredients rather than following broad recommendations. That's just my two cents though"
millygraceandfee,kzc5t7,"Oh wow, this is a great chart to share! Thank you!! All the Shea Moisture products I've used are to heavy for my 2a/2b waves.  Guess I'll give it another try based on the chart.  I have curly hair friends who I can pass the fails to."
namhars,kzc5t7,Same. But I also am beyond lost in figuring out my hair likes and haven't noticed a significant difference from the previous conditioner I was using.  I'll probably use it to finish it.
sinkfulofbubbles,kzc5t7,"Damn I miss the argan oil and almond milk line, if anyone has any replacement recs lmk TT.TT"
voluntaryfirefighter,kzc5t7,"Do you recommend certain links, websites etc to find out what your hair needs? I am trying to improve my hair. I don't think there is q lot wrong with it but i could probably get more volume and curlier hair. Maybe longer lasting waves, but i am not sure..."
whateverpieces,kzc5t7,Oh wow I’m 2C and been feeling like the coconut hibiscus is weighing my hair down even though I like it otherwise! I’ll see if I can find one of these other lines. Thank you!
yyyyy622,kzc5t7,"I've been thinking of trying the manuka honey and yoghurt line because I've heard good things especially as it has protein. Anyone care to review? I have, 2b-3a, high porosity, fine, medium dense hair :)"
zabeetak,kzc5t7,No wonder my 2b hair has been weighed down by the Curl and Shine!
Jnad1,kzb9es,YouTube how to do a pinapple bun :) I sleep with it in a pinapple bun and silk or satin bonnet!
Sylvss1011,kzb9es,I just sleep with my hair down on a silk pillowcase without any issue
archnonymous,kzb9es,I bought a satin pillowcase from Sally's that was cheap. And I've noticed my curls remain way more intact than the with the normal pillowcase!
geezluise,kzb9es,after a pineapple for years at night i finally switched to a buff (basically a narrow tunnel thats a scarf / multifunctional cloth). i „sleep in the crunch“ and then scrunch it out in the mornings as i wash my hair at night. it really helped me and my hair looks basically like i just washed it.
swminn,kzb9es,"How tf am I supposed to sleep with my hair?!&&&I’ve heard of pineapple (no idea what it is) but I need some tips & tricks!&&&Ooh I never even thought of using a bonnet, thanks!!&&&Ok good to know!!"
teslasneakthief,kzb9es,Satin scarf is my hg go to for 2nd and 3rd day hair with no refresh at all. Takes some getting used to but I love mine. Manes by mell shows how she ties hers.
Sylvss1011,kz8jha,I’d say wavy!
WarmAppleNight,kz8jha,"Looks like 2c to me! Beautiful results! If you're a newbie and it already looks this good, imagine how gorgeous your hair is going to be in a couple of months. 😊

I'm really curious about Curlsmith's line, how are you liking the Bond Curl salve? Have you tried anything else from them?"
slothgrlsrus,kz8jha,"Am I a wavy or curly? Newbie to curly/wavy hair. Routine in comments.&&&&&&I have fine, medium porosity hair( I think). I started using cgm about a month ago. I use Earthling company sulphate free shampoo and conditioner; squish to condish. I used quidad vita curl gel cream, denman brush, and diffused. I was layering products but have found using only one product for hold works best so I’m trying out a few to see what works best. I also used curl smiths new bond salve my wash before this and it seems to have helped bring the curl up to the roots.&&&I haven’t tried anything else yet but plan to since I really like the bond salve! I am excited to see how my hair is doing in 6 months!"
Thatglassesgirl,kz356s,Hi! I’ve been hearing a lot about the denman brush and debating about if I need it for my waves. What is special about it? It doesnt look too different from a normal brush. Any help is appreciated! Thanks.
bright_star0,kz356s,Which denman brush do you use? D3 or D4?
reemness,kz356s,"Second day waves with denman brush. So happy!&&&&&&The denman brush has a curved base and extremely firm bristles. When you pull your hair away from your head with it, it has the effect of encouraging the strands to curl. The only other brush I have is a tangle teaser, which has soft flexible bristles. In theory, if you have a brush with very firm bristles, you would have the same effect.

I’ve only just started using it, so I’m not sure if it is a nice to have or a need. However, I do notice the waves being more pronounced when I do use it.&&&Second Day Hair:

Spray with sea salt and water to wet hair.

Cantu activator cream (prayer hands).

TAFT gel (squish).

Cake Mousse (squish).

Kevin Murphy Motion lotion (squish).

Air dry.

Scrunch out crunch.&&&D3"
Daisyfay1414,kyzqrn,You could try a mousse like ag cloud. That’s lightweight
Sylvss1011,kyzqrn,Yeah a little! 2a sounds about right
Verbaaatim,kyzqrn,"Is my hair wavy? I was wondering if my hair was wavy and if so is it 2a?&&&&&&Thank you so much !&&&Thank you!&&&Is my hair wavy? I was wondering if my hair was wavy and if so is it 2a? The only way i can get this volume and hold is if I use the Marc Anthony Defining lotion, but I realize that it has silicone, so i’m trying other products. Other products seem to be too heavy for my hair/weigh it down. I have been using the shea moisture coconut and hibiscus curl mousse recently, but it doesn’t seem to hold my curls as well as the Marc anthony one. But i cannot find a lightweight gel."
anonymous_here767,kyzqrn,It looks wavy to me! It may be 2a or it may be something else as you continue to take care of it. Wavy hair is full of surprises!
Ok_Virus1986,kyxxte,"Dude, your hair is already fabulous. I guess you could add in a lightweight curl cream after washing to see if you get more definition, but you're already rocking natural texture."
crystallizedrosegold,kyxxte,Omg I think your hair is already gorgeous!!
vansweeney,kyxxte,"Attempting to wear my hair natural for the first time in years... I don’t even know where to begin 🤦🏻‍♀️&&&&&&Thank you so much! That's so kind. And do you have any suggestions as far as brands? I've tried a few drugstore curl creams but they've all been misses.&&&Thank you so much! :)&&&I feel like my hair is too “wild” to be styled naturally without me looking.. unkempt? I get a decent amount of texture towards the bottom of my hair, but it’s usually frizzy with straight roots. I just don’t know what to even do with it! Right now my air-dry routine consists of detangling in the shower, drying it with a microfiber towel, putting in argon oil and an Aussie frizz control creme and then plopping. I’ve tried to use products suited for curly hair types before, but they usually weigh my hair down and make it look heavy and oily. Does anyone have any tips, please?"
