index,id,comments
Distinct-Idea4849,qk5p6t,"Washing hair before/after a haircut?&&&In the past, with my short hair, I always would just wash my hair after I get a haircut. However, now with long hair, I assume I should wash my hair right before getting a haircut. However, I also read washing your hair too often is bad for it. So do you all wash your hair before and after a cut? Or only before? Or do you not wash out your products and get just a haircut then wash after?"
HonestlyRespectful,qk5p6t,"Usually a wash and style is included in the haircuts that I get. You shouldn't have to change anything. I mean, don't go to your haircut with completely gross unwashed hair, but if it's just your normal everyday hair that they're about to deal with, do nothing. They will give you a good wash/scrub, then condition, then proceed to cut your hair. If you're getting a curly cut, ask the salon what they prefer that you do. Some might want you to come in with your normally styled hair. Some might want naked hair, clean but air dried to see what your natural hair does. Just ask, they'll tell you. If it's not a specialty curly cut, just go in with your normally styled hair, and they'll wash it."
HonestlyRespectful,qk26k3,"It looks healthy and beautiful, as is. CGM doesn't always work miracles for everyone, and sometimes it makes some wavies' hair worse. What I'm saying is if it looks that good with no effort, why mess with it?"
__m_c__,qk26k3,"Start experimenting. If you have fine hair, start with light products like foams, mousse, or sprays and take it one thing at a time so you can tell what the effect of each product is on your hair. You could also experiment with different wash, dry, and styling techniques especially since you noticed that you get more of a wave depending on how it dries. 

I'm going to date myself here, but the wavy/curly hair journey is a long one. Some people work on their curls for years. By then, you also have to factor in aging on your hair. I can tell you that at your age my hair was very straight and it became wavier over time as my hair aged with me. You never know - it might do the work for you over time! Lol"
honeyyong,qk26k3,"Possible wavy hair? First two pics are after being wet from rain and naturally drying. Last two are sleeping on it wet.&&&&&&Thank you! Yes when I was younger my hair was stick straight that’s why I thought the waves must have been from sleeping on it wet but it was always the same pattern so I was getting suspicious!&&&Thank you! Do you recommend any products for frizz/ holding waves? They hold pretty well with no products but they get flatter when I sleep? And thank you for the advice!&&&Thanks! I almost never use heat actually and I’m wondering if incorporating it sometimes might actually help set the waves instead of the water pulling it down as it dries. My hair will stay damp for hours air drying. Do you recommend any products free of sulfates/silicones?&&&I first though my hair waved when I slept on it wet in a certain pattern, but after cutting it it seems t wave up naturally. I do not use products yet and I use matrix biolage hydrosource shampoo/conditioner. Any recommendations welcome!"
jaideheda,qk26k3,mine is like this too! the longer it is for me the curlier which is frustrating haha
pajmahal,qk26k3,You have wavy hair for sure if this is what it does when it absorbs moisture. Conditioning it really well/s2c/cutting back on heat styling preserves waves by locking moisture in all the time. I’d see what happens if you cut out sulfates and silicones and try plopping/making a gel cast.
verytinytim,qk26k3,Yes definitely wavy.
-wheres-the-any-key-,qjw5fd,Looks like you've got a lot of great advice! My first step in troubleshooting would be to do a protein treatment before anything. You may just need some repair help. Your hair is gorgeous!
Ang3lr0se,qjw5fd,I'd try deep conditioning your hair and then possibly a protein treatment if it's still really frizzy. It makes time for your hair to get use to the new routine so try to be patient but since I learned about protein moisture balance things have gone a lot smoother.
Calla_Lust,qjw5fd,"You can always do what I did when my hair was bleached. I cut off each month's growth and eventually got rid of all the bleach. If that takes too long you could always do big chops until it's gone too :)

Razor cuts can be really damaging I learned, a long time ago my stylist did that too. My monthly self trims helped fix the razor cut ends slowly as well. For what it's worth I think your hair looks really pretty and healthy!"
Far_Boysenberry5629,qjw5fd,I think your hair looks great! Try using a light leave-in conditioner and maybe finish with a light gel or mousse to try and hold the curls through the day. Scrunch in each product and see if it helps. Good luck with the new job!
GothAdjacent,qjw5fd,"Look into Olaplex or Curlsmith bond treatments, your hair is probably having a tougher time with the bleaching. What is your hair like, fine, coarse, etc? That will definitely help with product rec :)"
McWilds,qjw5fd,"Honestly, I would get a new trim and get the ends cut off. A razor cut IMO is iffy, especially if you don’t know the stylist. If the blade is even the slightest bit dull it can cause split ends and damage the cuticle which in the end creates frizz... I unfortunately experienced the same thing. Your hair is beautiful though, so don’t give up!"
Mufinmoma,qjw5fd,"Look into curlyswavycourtney on YouTube for how she styles! I started doing my hair WET and got way thicker and longer lasting curl clumps! Sometimes I can even go 5 days without restyling. I recommend using a mousse only routine if you want volume and gel/mousse or just gel for more definition! 

Also try a protein treatment and a trim! Be careful of coconut it’s a weighty ingredient for sure along with shae butter."
TopAd9634,qjw5fd,Olaplex saved my hair.
cafetropical,qjw5fd,Seconding the wet styling! My clumps are so much fatter when I style soaking wet vs. damp. Denman brush may help too.
creambunny,qjw5fd,"If your having itchy scalp issues, avoid sleeping with a wet scalp. It makes it worse and I used to have horrible dry roots/scalp and thought I had dandruff (unless yours has been confirmed by a derm. dryness ≠ dandruff). I stopped sleeping with my hair wet, started using more oils, moisturizing shampoos and leave ins. Plus clarifying + deep condition weeks. Added a satin pillowcase for frizz issues. 

I also have stopping refreshing (like with water/gels) since that makes my waves go frizzy during the day and I just scrunch with an oil/serum. Day 1-4 are usually great. Day 5 I sometimes get a couple tangles or lose waves but I just do a ponytail lol. Since I prefer washing once a week lol.

Btw your hair looks fine. Touching it or brushing it throughout the day will cause more frizz. Curly hair naturally has some frizz. Once I accepted that - life was so much easier lol"
googlebearbanana,qjw5fd,Do you rewet your hair every day? I do and it brings the curl back.
jbei9981,qjw5fd,"I think your hair looks nice, but I totally understand where you're coming from. Unlike when you heat style, it can feel like you don't have control over what your hair will look like.  I think technique makes a bigger difference than product, and there are so many techniques out there! The good news is it can be fun to experiment.  

So that you don't feel stressed out by your hair at work, id find a few styles that make you feel confident and will look good regardless of if your hair doesn't turn out well. For example, I always carry one of those big claw clamps to put my hair up. Their very trendy right now and it doesn't matter if my hair looks like garbage.

Definitely try an olaplex treatment, and I would stop sleeping with your hair in a plop. It can actually be damaging for your hair if you do this regularly. Manes by Mel has a video on this (hygral fatigue). 

Here is one styling technique that works super well for me, plus product recs (but I think you could use products you already have) :  

- let my hair dry a little bit in a cotton or microfiber turban so that it is damp. 

- Rake through a moisturizing product, like a curl cream or a leave in conditioner (not your mother's curl talk curl cream, sun bum curls and waves leave in). Rake through until the product is distributed and your hair feels smooth. 

- Take a few pieces around the face face and at the top and finger coil them. You may need to look this up, but basically I form them into curls. This is optional, but I like to do it because it gives me a bit more control over the direction and tightness of my most visible layers. 

- Add a product with hold. Gently smooth over a gel and scrunch (not your mother's curl talk gel, aussie instant freeze). Alternatively, pat in a mousse so that it is spread evenly through your hair and then scrunch (not your mother's curl talk mousse). I see a lot of people just scrunching in mousse from the bottom and it doesn't turn out well because you just have a lot of mousse on your ends. 

- You can either air dry, or diffuse by hovering. Manes by mel has great videos on how to properly diffuse.

(edited to fix bullet points)"
lemmonbelles,qjw5fd,"hmmm. i think your hair is beautiful and it’s totally normal for it to get messy and knotted throughout the day, especially if you are working or being active. i do however think you would benefit from a curly cut, and some hair oil to tame the frizz. protective hairstyles such as braids or buns are really awesome throughout the day or week until you wash again. if you notice your hair falling limp or certain areas becoming super tangled trying spraying the affected strands with water and leave in conditioner. you can scrunch and reshape the curl or brush it out and then reshape. overall experiment! try new products and methods and eventually you’ll find what works for you"
loving_cat,qjw5fd,Do you do a cowash every day? This might help.
realhuman8762,qjw5fd,Your hair is BEAUTIFUL please don’t freak out about your new job your hair is great and totally acceptable in any professional context
shiplap04,qjw5fd,"First off, I like your hair and think it’s pretty!  I understand not liking what’s going on with your own hair even when other people say how much they like it though.  Here are some things I use and do that have helped me and maybe it’ll help you get to where you’re happy with your hair as well.  

In the last picture you said it’s brushed out?  Don’t brush your hair when it’s dry, only when it’s wet in the shower.  If the macadamia isn’t working then skip it.  I’ve really been liking the Giovanni weightless leave in conditioner but I’ve also used Innersense sweet spirit leave in and liked it.  A good gel will also help like Ecoslay orange marmalade, uncle Funkys curly magic gel, innersense I create hold, and Jessicurl (I like the spirilicious gel).  Maybe you find two gels mixed together that you like instead of just one, that’s happened with me before with Aussie Freeze and another gel.  I don’t like Aussie Freeze alone because there’s not enough hold but mixed with another gel it’s a good soft hold that doesn’t weigh my hair down.  It’s kind of trial and error in finding out what works.  I also try to deep condition every couple of weeks.  I like Bounce Curl Ayurvedic for the deep conditioner and it lasts quite a while since I only use it for that.  

Somebody already mentioned watching swavy curly Courtney on YouTube and I also really like Curl Maven. 

Also, wearing a beanie will flatten the curls and stretch them out so if you can skip that that will help.  Or if you want to wear one then try to get a satin lined cap (slap) that will be more forgiving and I’ve seen them by Grace Eleyae.

ETA:  I rinse the conditioner out of my hair upside down and add all products to soaked hair upside down then comb through with a wide tooth comb also upside down.  I get bigger clumps doing it this way.  So I use leave in, mousse, then gel. After that I use a microfiber towel to loosely plop my hair for about 10-15 minutes, take my hair down and scrunch with same towel (no regular terry cloth towels) then diffuse my hair.  Somebody mentioned deva curl but I’m one of the people who it negatively affected and I’d warn you to stay away from it.  I know everyone is different but just a heads up on that."
supportbreakfast,qjw5fd,You might want to consider getting a curly cut. I got a few inches of my hair chopped off and some layers and my hair holds a curl pretty well now!
throwmywholeassaway,qjw5fd,"you’re very charming and you pull off the frizzy hair really well. i wouldn’t sweat it if i were you. instead of using mousse, try a curl cream. pacifica’s pineapple curls work really well to clump your hair, define your curls, and strengthen it too. it’s not heavy so it’s perfect for thin textured hair."
toveiii,qjw5fd,"Please help! 1 day of my hair through photos. Started extremely basic CGM 2 weeks ago and just can't get it to work for me. Also starting a new job on Tuesday and FREAKING OUT about my hair!!!&&&&&&Thank you so much! I've been feeling horrible self-conscious about just how curly and wavy my hair is. My problem is getting it to stay looking curly and not ending up in a frizzy mess through the day! :(  Really struggling with it x&&&ROUTINE: 

Shampoo 2x a week with Eleven Deep Clean shampoo (I have terrible itchy scalp and dandruff). Condition with Eleven Anti-Frizz conditioner and brush out tangles or else I get matts and dreadlocks forming. I then squish to condish & then rinse out.

Then I add Macadamia leave in detangler (I don't feel any benefit of this tbh) and then scrunch with microfibre towel. 

I will switch out the shampoo & conditioner, it was something the hairdresser talked me into getting and I've really not liked it so far.

Best results so far have been adding Umberto Giannini mousse and gel onto damp hair, not soaking. Still stringy and not clumping together properly at the fringe and I feel a bit like a sheep when people are looking at my hair. 

Best results were when I plopped overnight and then diffused in the morning. 

THOUGHTS:

Honestly? I hate my hair. I got it bleached and cut a few weeks ago and she razor cut it, put in white highlights that I didn't ask for, and made it really ashy. She put bleach all over my head which has made my hair really frizzy and uncontrollable and I wish I had left it alone and waited for someone else to do my hair. 

The fringe doesn't sit right and hangs in front of my face even when I clip it back. It's an odd length. 

I am literally at that desperate point where I just want to rip it all out and start again!! 😭

--

I also for the life of me can't get my curls to last the night! They look awful in the morning even when I have plopped, pineappled, or braided."
2a2b2c,qjvtk1,"Hmm ok, how about the NYM Curl Talk 3-in-1 Conditioner? Full disclosure I haven’t tried this product, I’ve tried the cream and gel from the same line and liked them though, the 3-in-1 is just on my wishlist (I looked through all my current leave ins and they don’t make the cut lol). 

A heads up though, there is a separate Curl Talk Leave In Conditioner, but it has glycerin. So if you do try this product just make sure it’s the Curl Talk 3-in-1 instead (which says it can be used as a rinse out conditioner, a cowash, or a leave in)."
candygirl9117,qjvtk1,Are you emulsifying with water the knot today before applying? What exactly is happening with your hair?
ktlate,qjvtk1,"My hair HATES that leave-in, you're not alone! I suspect it has to do with my porosity (low) but I honestly don't know. I've been using a Shea Moisture one, but it has glycerin in it, so I don't think that would work for you. Best of luck!"
oohcomethru,qjvtk1,"Need a leave in without glycerin, aloe, and coconut 😭&&&&&&Wow, thanks so much!! I’ve only heard of the curl talk cream and gel. I do have the shampoo and I use it. I’ll check that one out. Do you like the cream and gel? I was thinking of purchasing the cream once I run out of my current Zotos one.&&&Hi all, I need recommendations for a new leave in! For some reason, my hair doesn’t like the kinky curly knot today leave in. I don’t know why though, since it doesn’t have glycerin. Already tried the as I am leave in, but the coconut makes my hair frizzy. So any leave ins without glycerin, coconut, and aloe? Thanks in advance! 

Also tried cursscan/curlsbot too.

Edit- was thinking of trying the Giovanni direct leave in. I know it has aloe but I wouldn’t mind trying it."
DawnOfTheBeck,qjuq0s,Me over here trying every product under the sun to get some beach waves while my son rolls around in the dirt and comes out with these perfect little ringlets 🙄&&&
Final-Product1541,qjuq0s,HIS LITTLE BABY HANDS&&&WHAT'S HIS ROUTINE
HayHayHay8,qjt0xc,"I can relate to feeling like I’m causing more harm than good as I learn how to style my naturally wavy, but very fine and medium-low density hair. Sometimes things snag, sometimes it feels like the hair fall is too much, but I am slowly figuring out what works for me and what doesn’t. As that happens, I’ve found that things are getting soooo much easier and I haven’t been concerned about how rough I’m being on my hair anymore. I’m also finding that my routine might not be the “right” routine that you find online. I might need to break certain rules that I find don’t work for me. 

Keep searching for what products and practices your hair likes, experiment a little more! Consider a trim, and maybe consider no longer lightening your hair if you were planning to"
Kynykya4211,qjt0xc,"If your hair is dyed then what you may need is protein for your hair. Are you sure it’s low porosity? My dyed red fine, low density, high porosity hair was stringy and flat until I began using Curlsmith’s protein line. I use their shampoo, conditioner, and featherweight curl cream, and finish off with Biolage Rock Hard Gelee. I’m actually getting compliments on my hair now, as my curls and waves are not falling flat anymore. 

Unfortunately, there’s a lot of experimentation to find what works for you (which can also change with the seasons/weather too). I searched out my hair type on YouTube and watched dozens of hours of videos and experimented in order to get results I’m happy with. Best of luck to you!"
giggles-mcgee,qjt0xc,"There is no way this is healthier than using heat on your hair. Frustrated. Help!&&&I’ve tried so many things and thought I finally was onto a consistent routine with this method: https://youtu.be/VJ0nXWQeC2I

After awhile I was left with stringy hair and this routine was just taking so long, so today I went back to basics and just put my head upside down in the shower, detangled, and added a ton of mousse to soaking wet hair to form curl clumps. Used a microfiber towel and diffused and I still came out with a stringy rats nest and no cast to SOTC. The underneath layers of my hair dried straight while the top is wavy but stringy. 

With the amount of brushing through wet hair in the shower and then with re-wetting and using the denman brush to style any flat areas or stringy areas after diffusing, it just doesn’t seem worth it. I can just feel it pulling and ripping my hair regardless of how much conditioner and leave in I use and after over an hour I’m still left with a stringy half wavy mess. At this point I feel like it’s better to just blow dry and use a curling iron. 

I use Giovanni Smooth as Silk shampoo and conditioner and a wide tooth comb in the shower. For hold I use NYM curl cream and mousse. I’ve tried LA Looks gel but it’s too heavy. I have fine low porosity 2A hair that is colored.&&&Thanks! I just had a trim about three weeks ago. I love the way a balayage adds definition to my hair but when I went last my stylist lightened it more than I wanted. Do you know if lightening ruins curls more than adding color to darken the hair?&&&Thanks! I think it is. If I put a strand in water it floats. I feel like it does not take long for it to get wet in the shower though. It isn’t dense so maybe that’s why?"
-HugoTheKing-,qjo045,"I have the same problem but I have made a rule to use every product until they run out, so no new purchases. It's been rough, a lot of bad hair days when I have to switch to the stuff I was experimenting with."
Accomplished-Tackle2,qjo045,Excellent choices! I have several of these!
Blackberries11,qjo045,My gf calls my products goo hahah&&&Yes. I’ve owned most of these! I hate it when I buy something and it doesn’t really work out so it just becomes part of the collection.
Calla_Lust,qjo045,"I am so guilty of this. I end up just using whatever product on any random wash day and then tell myself stop buying new things because I won't use it out haha. My hair is approaching classic length and I still can't use manage to use up all my products, ugh."
Cdmelty1,qjo045,"Mix the products together in your hand. Sometimes 2 or 3 perfectly good products will curdle when they mix, which guarantees a bad hair day. Then keep track of what works together and only use those combinations. Compare how your hair looks with different combinations and it will help you lock down what works best and find products that give consistently good results.&&&I don't have that many. When I buy something new the first thing I do is mix it in my palm with other stuff I use. If it curdles, I don't use it. I found that a lot of the Garnier fructis stuff will curdle if used together. I use a cream, gel, and leave-in spray, and I only have a few variations because of this. My hair felt gross and almost ashy for a while until I learned the palm trick and it turned out that my products just didn't work together. Now I use Suave sleek anti-frizz cream OR Suave luscious curls cream, Tresemme flawless curls gel, and John Frieda frizz ease leave-in spray. When I wear hairspray it's Tresemme humidity resistance Tres Two spray because a lot of others would curdle the other products."
EyepatchNemesis,qjo045,I call it goo hoarding
GlitteringGarbage162,qjo045,Yes. Always experimenting to see what works best. And that SheaMoisture leave-in treatment is my favorite!
HonestlyRespectful,qjo045,"I was gonna say, I have about 5 times that amount!!! I'm looking up local women's shelters or addiction/rehab places that might take some of the stuff that is basically completely full and didn't work for me."
Jayne1909,qjo045,Yes! My bathroom has blown up with products since getting on this sub ha ha
Miriam924,qjo045,I’m the same with remembering what I did! I take a lot of pictures of my hair so I can see the progress but I look back on them and I’ll see a great hair day and I’m like HOW DID I DO THAT?! I have no idea 🤣 there’s an app where you can keep a diary of it and I was doing that for a little while but it got to be too much work.
MsARumphius,qjo045,Only because everything breaks out the skin on my neck and back. Ug. I do love companies that will sell trial or travel sizes of products. Is there a good list I wonder?
MsSureFire,qjo045,"Anyone else feel like they were/are a product collector?&&&&&&> I am terrible for not knowing how products affect my hair or remembering what I did on any particular good wash day. 


Same. I finally broke down a couple weeks ago and forced myself to take notes, slowly using a couple or one product at a time. It's been really helping. I super recommend it.&&&I am now officially calling it this, LOL&&&I wish you luck on your move!

I moved nearly 3 times in a year once. There was much shame on how much I had collected between each. So, I get you on the difficulty of down sizing. 😫&&&Lol!!

I should have faced them all forward! I also have NYM and Sheamoisture products in the back.&&&That is genius!&&&Same!

It has made tangles a thing of the past. My BF loves to run his fingers through my hair. And before it would just snag. Now it doesn't in the slightest.&&&> I finally stumbled on the products I love

I am in the same boat. Found some solid brands and products I like. Now I just gotta get a good solid routine down. I finally accepted no one product is gonna make it magical. It's a combination of technique *and* products.&&&Oh no! 😟 They can't discontinue it! It is my holy grail for leave-in!"
SaltedAndSmitten,qjo045,Yes. I hate it.
SmartOwls,qjo045,"I do this as well. I am terrible for not knowing how products affect my hair or remembering what I did on any particular good wash day. 

So of COURSE I try all the products that ppl love to try to get great hair and then it goes weird because I have NO IDEA WHAT IM DOING.


Edit: thank you everyone for your helpful advice! I have since separated my products into protein, moisture with protein and moisture no protein (based on screenshots of ingredients in a manes by mel video, again i have no idea what I'm doing!) I'm going to also treat myself to a pretty notebook and start taking notes."
Snowstig,qjo045,"I used to have a ton of products until I honed in on what really works for me.  Now I'm down to just a few (shampoo/conditioner, leave-in, curl enhancer, cream, gel, and mousse -obv not used all at once, I like to rotate products each wash day depending on the weather/dew points) and it's liberating lol.  I also used to use that SM leave-in treatment.  It was my fave and now it seems that they're discontinuing it because I can't find it anywhere anymore!  So sad!  I swapped to Kinky Curly Knot Today and I'm really liking that one now, so I'm glad it wasn't a huge trial and error process of finding a new leave-in lol!"
Socatastic,qjo045,That's not bad at all! That's less than one corner of my shower
Stitchapuss,qjo045,"Yup!! I only have a can of moose, some Argan Oil and my deep conditioner out right now, besides a few small bottles of shampoo and conditioner - we are in the process of moving and everything is in the RV for the move. I don't want to know what I have in storage {shutters} I have to streamline though to 5 products!"
TopAd9634,qjo045,"I have one of those racks you can hang on the back of a door, it has six shelves, every shelf has 4-6 hair product bottles. I also have a friend who owns an Aveda salon, I've started giving away some of the stuff she gives me. I need to get rid of most of it, I just hate throwing away stuff."
_un1ty,qjo045,"What really helped my is hair jornelling. Just make a pic on wash day with the product / technique u used and safe it in ur notes!&&&Definitely! I feel like especially at the beginning you can be soo easily swept away and tempted to buy everything when you arent getting the results you want. Thats why I try to focus on technique now bc maybe the product you are using is actually good but I used it improperly (happened before!) 

But tbh even is one is rather conscious using shampoo, conditioner, leave in conditioner, mousse, gel etc even if you just have 1-2 of these it takes up quite a lot of space"
aladyfox,qjo045,YES. I have issues. 😭
alphinaudsboots,qjo045,I’m only at 2 - spray bottle and the Carol’s Daughter Hair Milk
aurore518,qjo045,"Yes, very much so and I don't want to be. lol  I am not allowing any more purchases until I get through some of my stash."
badaboom,qjo045,I joined a curly girl swap group on Facebook
katbreit,qjo045,I’m definitely in the “was” a hoarder category. I’m trying to clear out my stash now. I finally stumbled on the products I love and get me the results I want—so really everything aside from those 3 products I never need now. I’m still trying to go through and clean out my hair products cabinet from when I was buying up everything. My husband got diagnosed with a wheat allergy so I went through my stuff and first got rid of anything with wheat. My second pass was to get rid of products that my hair always just hated. Now I have a lot of products left that are just so-so but I tend to use them when I don’t have the effort to go through my full routine & diffuse my hair
pjj165,qjo045,Lol I love posts like this and trying to spot how many of those products I also have. 5 🖐(from what I can see)
tiredmommy13,qjo045,I have all that stuff 😹
unahcoogin,qjo045,"Yes, and that's after I nailed down what works. I do 'use up' days during the week, but buy more if it's a steal/geared towards different styles esp. straight and smooth."
ydnas618,qjo045,"So relatable, lol. My bathroom looks like a hair care aisle. It'd be nice if more companies made trial sized products."
Erzulie_Dantor,qjjcfy,"When is the matting happening? If it’s during sleep, what’s working for me is laying my hair over the pillow while I sleep or doing a protective style, plus satin pillowcase"
LCC16,qjjcfy,"How to prevent matting?&&&Hi guys, so I have recently decided to embrace my 2A-2C curls, and I have been having an issue with matting at the nape within a day of washing it. I comb it with conditioner in the shower, then apply leave in conditioner then wave cream with pray hands with scrunching, then plop for 20 minutes then air dry. I’d like to go more than a day without brushing it out but the matting can get pretty bad. Any tips?"
adenoyourosis,qjjcfy,Are you wearing a lot of winter gear lately? I’ve found that wearing a wool scarf gives me a ton of matting at the back of my neck!
ashpatash,qjgrzz,"Semi beach wavy hair beginner progress&&&I think my hair falls in 1c range. Medium porosity, usually low but I just highlighted and those hairs definitely have high. Tend towards dry hair (which is recent change) but my scalp needs to washed often. Dry hair came after I got hypothyroidism/Hashimoto's. Since I had kids 5 years ago my hair has radically changed. I'm half Asian and always had stick straight fine texture but a lot of it, very dense. But now if I air-dry it's like a poofball mess, so fluffy. (relatively for me, I know compared to others not bad.) Also my gray hairs coming in have definite wave. So GREAT, relearning how I've done my hair last 30+ years. /s


Honestly I have been lost with my hair since kids and just tossed in bun most of time. But I saw some posts on wavy hair and tried some techniques and it kinda works? At least doesn't looks totally awful I don't think? I seem to be able to get faux beachy wave. I do not strictly follow CGM of no SLS or silicones. I have too much old product to work through but maybe as I use up stuff. (My mom is hairstylist, so literally SO MANY products just appear.)


Routine:


-Clarify with Kenra. (Usually every other/3rd week, did it today)

-Wash with either The Body Shop Ginger shampoo or Nexxus Therappe shampoo. 

-Olaplex #3 to ends (highlighting killed my virgin hair)

-Condition with Aussie 3 min moisture. Detangle and fully rinse.

-Applied Wet Line Xtreme pro gel in shower to soaking hair while scrunching out water. Scrunch out more water with micro fiber towel. 

-Apply Herbal Essence Totally Twisted mousse while scrunching. 

-Diffuser to about 90%, air dry rest of way and then scrunch out crunch. 



I'm playing around with gel and mousse. Mousse has less hold/definition but gel makes my hair take hours to dry. And I'd rather not use heat a ton. Can't handle wet hair and wet shirt for hours. Also live in Midwest and it's going to start getting real cold. So gotta figure out mousse better and just be ok with less wave.

[hair pics](http://imgur.com/a/SlbKaPh)

Edit: formatting&&&Thanks you! Hair change is wild right? Just turned 37 2 weeks ago. Confused everytime I look in mirror but it's fun."
leherr,qjgrzz,"35 going on 36 Asian here and also learning that my hair might be wavy after thinking it was straight for all my life. I'm  only on day 6 of trying out cgm/wgm, but having decent luck so far.

Your waves look awesome though! 

Keep it up and keep researching. This place has lots of good info if you use the search bar. 

I think the best advice I've been seeing here and in FB groups has been to be patient and to listen to your hair/do what you think is best for it instead of strictly following the cgm rules. Some days might be bad and others might be good; some people just have better luck than others, but I believe many of us that are in the same boat realize that it just takes times and that at the end of the day, you're taking better care of your hair so that's a win! <3"
LoopyDev,qjdjrf,"Curl cream + mousse!!!&&&&&&Really quick routine today, took about 20 minutes to style and dry

First, in the shower, I co-washed with Garnier watermelon 3-in-1 conditioner, wide tooth combed upside down, then applied a generous amount of the John Freida curl cream while squishing out excess water.

Then I flipped my head right side up, glazed the John Freida mousse over and squished.

Then I squished even more but with a t-shirt to get it as dry as possible, and finished drying with a diffuser.

I was surprised, because in the past, I used the two John Freida products separately and hated the results (cream didn't have enough hold and the mousse made it way too crunchy), but it seems to work a charm when used in combination and on very moisturised hair.&&&Thank you! And I'll look into both of those, once I use up the 15 odd stylers I have stored away in a ""reject hair products"" box 😆"
Snowstig,qjdjrf,"If you don't mind spending a little more $$, try AG's Mousse gel...it's a 2 in 1 so the cost isn't as bad when you think of it that way 😂"
amaezingjew,qjdjrf,"How did you apply the curl cream? Rake, scrunch, praying hands? I tried to rake mine through today but I feel like it destroyed the curl pattern I’d just gained from plopping."
rheasylvia81,qjdjrf,See this makes me wanna try mousse. I hear Cake mousse + curl cream is really good. Your waves look great and no frizz.
PrincessSibylle,qjc5tp,I love your hair colour it’s so nice
RebukeTheHatred,qjc5tp,Your hair nice
ThatGirlWithTheWalk,qjc5tp,Your hair is SO GOOD!
Veganhemeroid,qjc5tp,Personally I think your hair is perfect as it is but a little bit of layering would be good if you want to cut it but you honestly don’t need it because your hair looks perfect. I would suggest longer layers like below your chin at the shortest buts only IF you wanted to cut it. You look great and I really don’t think you need to change anything.
_un1ty,qjc5tp,"I'm also considering getting a new haircut, wdym by long layers ?&&&I am in awe if I were you I wouldnt change a thing! Maybe just get a trim if you feel like its needed. ayou could also go shorter (like chin length), I'm sure that d be beautiful too!"
dodrugsmmkay,qjc5tp,"Just realizing my hair may be wavy/curly so I’ve been diffusing it, need advice on how to cut it&&&&&&Thank you!&&&Thank you! You can see different angles when you swipe ! It just hangs a little in my face and doesn’t curl as well in the back&&&That’s so kind thanks for the advice !&&&My routine:
I use Maui moisture curl shampoo conditioner and wash3x a week. I use TGIN leave in conditioner after every wash. I put it up in a tshirt for like 20 min, then use biolage styling gelee and cake beauty curl whip by applying it to my palms and pushing it into my hair. I diffuse my hair afterwards, admittedly I’m really bad at it. When it’s dry I use a little argan oil to release the crunch

Edit: also any advice really, I’m not great with this so far lol what do you think my curl pattern is?&&&I know it seems so obvious now lol, my go to routine would be to brush it out with a boar bristle brush and just rock my inner lion mane. Thanks for your advice !&&&That’s so kind, thank you&&&That’s so kind thank you 🥰"
oatbevbran,qjc5tp,I LOVE your cut now. At least from the side :-)
petrichorgarden,qjc5tp,I follow videos by [Manes by Mell](https://youtu.be/8C2_PYxpPrM). She gives some great instructions on cutting curly/wavy hair at home!
smsshadow,qjc5tp,Your hair is beautiful! And you’re doing just fine.
teashoesandhair,qjc5tp,"UM, I THINK YOUR HAIR MIGHT DEFINITELY BE WAVY/CURLY.

It's beautiful! I actually think the cut really works for you. If you wanted more volume, then getting some layers put in might help, but honestly, you could very easily leave it at it is and it would still look great."
birdiefeather,qja4x3,"Decided to get shorter bangs and I love them. I don’t always have great hair days, but I’m appreciative of the days I dig my hair.&&&&&&2a-2b fine hair that has medium porosity as far as I can tell and medium density.

I wash my hair every 3-5 days depending. I usually wash with NYM blue sea kale shampoo or Mop Top Gentle Shampoo. I clarify once every 1-2 weeks with Suave Daily Clarifying. I then squeeze out excess moisture and condition with NYM blue sea kale conditioner, Mop Top Light Conditioner, or Shea Moisture Fruit Fusion Weightless Hair Masque if I clarified. I’ll comb the conditioner through with a wide tooth comb and let sit while I finish washing my body and shaving.

I’ll turn the water down to as cold as I can stand and rinse the conditioner out of my hair fully. While it’s still soaking wet, I put a handful of Herbal Essence Totally Twisted Mousse through my hair, then comb it through with the comb. After that I scrunch out excess water before flipping my head over and putting it in a Turbie Twist while I dress. I’ll then take my hair out and shake it around and possibly scrunch it with the towel a little more. I comb my bangs out to style them and try to get them to look neat and proper as I can. Sometimes they have a mind of their own.

On refresh days, I wash my bangs. I gotta, my forehead is just oily. I’ll comb through the rest before spraying until damp, then I’ll scrunch my hair using a microfiber towel. I let my hair air dry and I’m usually able to get decent definition and movement back. I’ll use Batisse dry shampoo on day 3-4 before brushing if my hair looks oily, which it usually does."
moonercycle,qja4x3,Your bangs look awesome on you!! You and your hair are lovely.
rheasylvia81,qja4x3,Looks cute. I like havi g bangs with my wavy hair .
1_dreamr,qj8yts,I’ve returned makeup at Target and CVS without issue.
MrsE2010,qj8yts,"I've returned to Target and Walmart and stuff. 

I try to find a balance like I won't return every single product that I just don't *love.* If I CAN, I try to make it work for me. Now I have had products that completely f\*ed up my hair. Kinky Curly Knot Today was like $13 for a decent size bottle and it flash dried my hair! I could not use it at all..so that got returned. 

If it's a gel or something that just doesn't have quite as much hold as I want or whatever, I try layering with a stronger gel, adding a mousse etc."
mwhy,qj8yts,I return to Target. They don’t mind.
sunsoutbunzout,qj8yts,"Product return etiquette/advice&&&What’s your personal rule for returning products that didn’t work for you? Stores like Sally’s and Ulta encourage returning products that didn’t work out, but does anyone return to other stores like Target? I appreciate the stores that encourage returning product but wouldn’t want to take advantage of stores that don’t."
2a2b2c,qj7tny,"I’ve got mixed porosity hair, somewhere between medium and high (it’s bleach damaged, idk man). I find that my biggest issue with it is that it just soaks product up so much that I end up having to use like twice what I feel I normally would be for the length I have. Personally I’ve never felt curl creams were absolutely necessary for my routine, most days I reach for a leave in conditioner instead. 

My point is, I don’t think there’s a “should”. I have very fine hair, and sometimes I feel like a curl cream is just too heavy. At least, I’ve yet to find one that’s very lightweight. 

People do often use a cream together with a gel. Curl creams very rarely offer any hold power, so usually you’d use a cream then a styler (gel/mousse/foam). Don’t be afraid to layer stylers! 

If you’re looking for strong hold gel (your other comment said so) I really love Harry’s Gel, I feel like I recommend it so much they should really pay me for advertising at this point lol. I find it works really great layered on top of a foam especially!"
Kynykya4211,qj7tny,"My hair wouldn’t hold a curl AT ALL until I started adding lots of protein. My shampoo, conditioner, curl cream, and gel all have it and it’s like suddenly I have someone else’s hair! I’ve read numerous places that if your hair is dyed (which makes it high porosity) and/or fine you need protein and need to be wary of moisture overload. So eliminating deep conditioning and adding protein did the trick for me."
MrsE2010,qj7tny,"Creams can add a bit of definition and/or moisture but most are not designed for hold. If your curls are there when wet and gone when dry, that sounds like your gel may not be strong enough."
katkadavre,qj7tny,"Should I be using a curl cream?&&&Hello, I’ve read the CG guide, and I’ve been looking up things, but I get so much conflicting information. I’ve been working on my hair for little over a month now, and my one issue is that I feel like my waves and few curls don’t hold well even with gel. They’ll still be there, but they’re not as amazing as when they’re wet. I have high porosity hair from all the tests I’ve conducted, and from what I’ve read, cream would be better for that.

Also, is cream supposed to be used then gel? Or is it just one or the other? Sorry for all of the questions.

Routine: clarifying (when need be): VO5 clarifying shampoo

Shampoo: Giovanni Tea Tree Triple Treat Shampoo

Conditioner: Not Your Mother’s Natural Tahitian Gardenia Flower & Mango Butter Curl Defining Conditioner

Gel: Jozi Curls Styling Gel

I use the prayer hands method and scrunch in my gel, scrunch it to dry a little with a cotton tshirt, and then let air dry.&&&I could use some more definition. Do you have any other gels you’d recommend with more hold? I currently use Jozi Curls Styling Gel, and I’ve used Not Your Mother’s Styling Gel. The latter felt like it didn’t hold much.&&&Okay!! And I 100% feel that. My hair feels like it just soaks everything up instantly, so I’m always just having to put more product.

I’ll def check and try some things out. Thank you!&&&Okay! I did actually get a protein mask, and I’m waiting for my wash day to put it on. Thank you!"
nabooandtatooine,qj7qjd,"This is my hair with no product. Do I have wavy hair? If so,what products do I use?&&&&&&The amount of information is so overwhelming I don’t know where to start. Any advice would be much appreciated!"
