index,id,comments
Koakage,m5bem8,"I feel like my hair looks “tangled” after SOTC&&&&&&I clarified with the Suave Daily Clarifying Shampoo and I also used a little bit of Head and Shoulders for dandruff. Then I squeezed out the excess water from my hair, and then I used praying hands and squish to condish with the Aussie Deep Conditioner. Then I brushed through my hair and rinsed before using praying hands and lots of scrunching with Not Your Mother’s Curl Talk mousse. I then plopped for 30 mins and let it air dry the rest if the time. 1.5 hours later I scrunched out the crunch with a cotton shirt."
forwhat-itsworth,m5bem8,"It looks like it just has a bit of frizz? I would maybe try using less gel so you don’t have to scrunch as much or using a mousse instead? Scrunching causes a lot of frizz for me too, even with a t-shirt."
lily_maebelle,m5bem8,"Maybe try a wide-toothed comb instead of a brush. I find the less I mess with my hair when it's wet, the better."
whit_flinn,m5bem8,"I would also try not plopping... it can significantly mess with lighter wave patterns, and can crunch and scrunch it up weirder than just micro plopping."
xoteena,m57ysk,"Giving the CGM A Try&&&I have type 2B wavy hair. It used to look beach-ready with little effort, but in the past couple of years, it’s gotten dried out and less-defined, so I’ve decided to give the Curly Girl Method a try. I’ve been using Function of Beauty shampoo and conditioner every other day for a few months, and then scrunching with John Frieda curl mousse. I’ll be curious to see how my hair handles a more hands-off routine. 

I’ve invested in Devacurl No-Poo and ultra defining gel, as well as a microfiber towel for my hair. I’ll be using the rest of my Function of Beauty shampoo and conditioner until it runs out, but I’ll be doing that once a week instead of every other day. 

I am curious to know if other CGMers still wet their hair on days they don’t shampoo or condition. I’d also love to know how long it took people to notice results. 

If anyone has any other tips and/or tricks, I’d love to hear them before I get started!"
Wavyhaircare,m57mhe,"I love this and totally agree. I don't mean it in a negative way, but a majority of people don't really look at other people that closely. I've gotten significant hair cuts before and only had a couple of people seem to notice at all. Or I've mentioned to others that I like their new hair color and they'll say something like 'wow you're only the third person who has noticed!"". 

Or there are times where I think I notice something is new about someone but I can't quite pinpoint what it is, I debate if they colored their hair, cut their hair, got new glasses, have gained or lost weight, are they wearing a different style makeup than their usual, etc. 

Sometimes I really don't know without asking them even though I know something is different. And those changes are all more visible than something like a curl 'misbehaving' or being less defined than usual or looser than usual or having 20% more frizz than you usually have or something like that. It's normal for us to notice those things in our own hair but for others to notice would require them to be almost obsessed with your hair, haha."
amajurey,m57mhe,Friendly reminder: don't let perfect be the enemy of good!&&&I feel like I see so many posts where people ask for advice for frizz or stringy-ness and I always think their hair looks great! It's a good reminder that it's easy to be hypercritical of your own appearance when everyone else thinks you look normal/good. Now when I get stressed out because of a little halo frizz or one of my curls won't fall in line I like to take three steps back from the mirror. It helps to take it all in rather than focusing on minor issues.
Beckybub,m56qy0,"Just wondering how you got on with this as I could have written this post myself! Just started using the shea moisture manuka honey conditioner and its leaving my hair feeling like the strands are sticking to each other is the best way to describe it, it's like I cant comb my hair enough it instantly feels tangled and when its dry its frizzy. I used to use tresemme and my hair would be poofy rather than frizzy but it was so soft and I could get away without brushing my hair for a few days!"
GothAdjacent,m56qy0,"Right now I’ve gone back to Verb ghost shampoo and conditioner. I liked their curl ones but honestly...before I knew my hair was more wavy/curly I used this and my hair liked it a lot so I made the switch back again and I’m seeing more volume and less frizz. My hair is pretty frizzy in general, but heavy products while getting rid of a good chunk really weigh it down. This gives me the best of both worlds so far. As far as leave in conditioners, I’ve been in love with Curlsmith’s Weightless Air Dry cream since the moment I bought it. I’m finally on my second bottle and if this ever gets discontinued I WILL fight someone."
chat_chatoyante,m56qy0,"I switch it up between L'oreal ever pure frizz defy and Trader Joe's Tea Tree oil clarifying. Disclaimer that I'm sorta new to this so I haven't tried any others, but I'm happy with them. I've heard Shea moisture can be heavy for a lot of wavies- I've used some of their other products and felt that way."
greengrape4,m56qy0,"Shampoo and conditioner suggestions needed for 2a/2b hair&&&I’ve been battling with trying to find the right products for my 2a/2b wavy hair. I was using Tresemme but it left my hair dull and frizzy. I did some research and decided to try our Shea Moisture coconut & hibiscus shampoo and conditioner. I really wanted to love it but it I hate the way it leaves my hair feeling very heavy and greasy, kind of like I haven’t washed my hair in a week. Also looking for any leave-in conditioner recommendations!&&&I ended up trying a brand called Giovanni, I’m using their shampoo, conditioner, and leave in conditioner. So far I’m liking it. My hair feels clean and not disgusting like Shea Moisture made me feel. It’s definitely worth checking out!"
rmg1102,m56qy0,"The NYM blue sea kale and coconut water conditioner is so great I bought the low-poo to try. 

Have only used the low-poo once but was very impressed with how much lather I got without sulfates!

The conditioner has great slip, smells amazing, and doesn’t feel heavy to me at all!"
headoverheels14,m55oz4,Cameras are not as accurate as the human eye! Just trust the mirror. Textured hair is super hard to photograph.
michellevalentinova,m55oz4,Like every time it looks different on the photos 😅
mudbymeghan,m55oz4,I feel this too lol
smlstylist,m55oz4,"Does anyone else's hair just not photograph as nicely as it looks?&&&&&&Every dang time. I like, oh it's so nice and consistent today. Then you take the photo and all the funky hairs just pop out to say hi. Or because my hair is fine it can photograph a lil stringy looking.&&&Thank you! It's incredibly hard to photograph.&&&Routine today:

Clarify with Amika reset.
Deep condition with Briogio Don't Despair, Repair! Deep conditioning mask. Squish to condish upside down and rinse out.
Apply Olaplex no. 6 with praying hands upside down on soaking wet hair and brush through with a wet brush.
Apply design.me bounce.me upside down with praying hands and scrunch.
Glaze over with Amika Plus size and scrunch.
Glaze over with Ouidad Advanced Climate Control Heat and Humidity gel. 
Microplop a bit with a t-shirt and plop in that t-shirt for 15 minutes. 
Diffuse until dry and SOTC with Briogio Don't Despair, Repair! Strengthening treatment oil."
PeggyOlsonsPizzaHaus,m528a0,"Feeling bouncy and moisturized on Wash Day!&&&&&&Routine's a work in progress - I went HAM on products and ended up dull and weighed-down. Scaled back to just L'oreal low-poo, Pacifica Salty Waves conditioner, and gel, but was still not really bouncy and no cast. Now, I do low-poo, condish, praying hands a mix of leave in and NYM curl cream, squish in gel, microplop, glaze/squish in NYM mousse, and pixie diffuse. Getting there after going CGM-lite since January!

ETA: low-med porosity, high-density, fine.&&&Ah yes, the old ""I had a pixie cut a year ago"" 😉 - thanks!"
kiwidoc71,m528a0,Gorgeous! And love your sassy cut 💕
nemesiswithatophat,m528a0,*dang* girl
outcamethewolvves,m528a0,ohmyword. It's so SHINY!! Gorgeous!
BaAZiGArO,m50g1o,i think 2a
Zealousideal-Cap-795,m50g1o,What is my hair type?&&&&&&Thank you so much!&&&My routine is wash and condition with Herbal Essence white grapefruit and mosa mint shampoo and conditioner. Then scrunch in coconut curls creamy mousse. Put in a microfiber towel and then blowdry (usually with out a diffuser because I like the volume).
forwhat-itsworth,m50g1o,"Blow drying your hair without a diffuser is going to straighten out your wave pattern a lot! It looks like 2A, but it could be stronger. I would try following CGM as much as possible if you really want to see the strongest waves possible for your hair!"
itsalwayssunnyonline,m50g1o,"looks like type 2a to me, but if you blow dry your hair that might affect the wave pattern. Your hair looks absolutely fine as it is, but if you ever wanted to get tighter waves, I’d try diffusing or air drying. love ur hair color!!!"
dianacakes,m4zwdo,"I just passed my one year anniversary on the CGM! ""Before"" pic is from June since that's the first time I thought to take a picture of the back of my head.&&&&&&I'm still a chronic product junkie that routinely tries new things, but I've just recently figured out that I have higher porosity hair that is fine. For a while I wasn't even using a rinse out conditioner because it would weigh my hair down but in the winter when it was really dry outside I needed allll the moisture. I've also learned that products themselves are not moisturizing - it's just about how well they can get water into the strands. So now I focus on getting water in with light products. 

For this wash day I washed with Ion Hard Water Shampoo and conditioned with Not Your Mother's Curl Talk Conditioner (very light with a lot of protein - can even be used as a cowash or leave-in) using the Bowl Method. There are tons of YouTube videos about this method but the gist is you put a little bit of water in the bowl and dunk your hair in it to squish to condish. Keep doing this a few times and there ends up being a conditioner/water soup in the bowl and really gets water into the hair. Rinse out conditioner completely and dump out the conditioner soup. I do all this upside down. 

Then I used a tiny bit of Curls Blueberry Bliss leave in to brush through, brushed off the front and sides of my face and use my hands to rake the hair off the back of my head. Then I stand up and shake my hair back to make sure it's completely unstuck. First styler is Cake Curl Mousse applied with praying hands on each side from roots to ends, glaze on the back of my head then I flip back upside down to glaze on the underside. Having high density hair this is the only way to make sure there's product everywhere. Then I start scrunching. Add a little bit of water to the bowl and dunk my hair in and scrunch the product in with water. Now there's mousse/water soup in the bowl. Repeat all product steps with Aussie Instant Freeze Gel that's emulsified really well, including dunking in the product/water soup a few times. 

Plop for 10-15 minutes in a t-shirt. Add a tiny bit more Cake mousse that's mixed with a tiny bit of water (the mousse is suuper thick). Hover diffused til 90% dry while gently flipping side to side for root volume, then pixie diffused til 97% dry (I really try to get to 100% dry but it always seems to still be slightly damp for a little while). 

Typing it out makes it seem like A LOT but start to finish it only takes me an hour and that's including washing my body in the shower and brushing my teeth while plopping."
luna_dreaming,m4zk4e,"Hi all, so I've been told on another sub that my hair is wavy/curly, but I'm not sure what I should change in my routine to make it look more presentable. Do you have any advice?&&&&&&Updated current routine:

* Garnier Smoothing Macadamia Hair Food Shampoo for untamed hair/alternated with As I Am Coconut co-wash.

* Palmer's Coconut Oil Repairing Conditioner

* Sometimes coconut oil or a leave in olive oil conditioner spray from NatureBox

I usually wash my hair every 2-3 days - shampoo, then apply the conditioner for about 5 mins and comb the hair, then wash everything off. If I let my hair air dry I get some 2a-2b-2c curls like, on the inside of the hair (if that makes any sense?), while the outside hair keeps flat straight. Recently I have started using a brush with hot air bc it reduces some of the frizz.
Usually on days 2-3 my hair starts getting oily and it becomes almost spaghetti straight all over, and the frizz is gone.

At some point in my routine I was using a defining gel - Matrix Total results Curl Please Super Defrizzer, but I felt that it dried my hair and it made it more chunky(?)."
GRASSIELA,m4x9xb,Hey sorry for the messy hair but is there any hairbrush recommendations?&&&
daniecodie,m4x9xb,I have both and absolutely love them. Wet brush to detangle in the shower and the denman brush to style.
debv92,m4x9xb,"I have a 7 row denman brush, lots of people love wetbrush too."
Jamin_Out,m4w4yt,"Flat roots and dryness after CGM help!&&&&&&My routine:

OGX coconut curl shampoo twice in cold water, then condition with the OGX coconut curl shampoo. Squeeze all the water out then apply argan oil, coconut and hibiscus curl smoothie shea moisture application, l'oreal curl cream application, then drugstore brand gel for cast, then use a towel to scrunch the hair and let it air dry and then I break the cast.

Basically, it looks nice for a couple of hours and then the waves dont stay in and get dry and frizzy. My roots also stay very flat.

I did bleach my hair last july 2020 and then dyed it back to dark brown, but I've been doing the CGM since september so I dont think its bc of the damaged hair. Any advice would be appreciated thank you!! I just dont know if I'm missing a step or missing something obvious."
debv92,m4w4yt,"Use a shampoo with a sulfate to strip buildup from products. I usually deep condition right after.&&&When did you last clarify? Also I know not all wavies can cowash, but mine looks best after I use As I am coconut cowash."
Lillimay5,m4vkfh,Love. Love. Love. Is your hair fine
birdsandblooms,m4vkfh,"Best day two refresh in a while!&&&&&&I’ve only been following CGM for about 8 weeks, thinking I just had frizzy weird straight hair. 

Original Wash:
Hairstory New Wash Rich Cowash

Shea Moisture Coconut & Hibiscus Conditioner, with STC and then rinsed mostly out, but leaving about 20% in

Kinky Curly Knot Today Leave in

SM Curl Enhancing Smoothie (about 1 Tbsp using glaze-flip-scrunch method from IGer @curliecolee)


Herbal Essences Set Me Up Mousse - glaze/flip/scrunch

Curls B nControl Curl Scuplting Gel - glaze and scrunch - I use quite a bit because my hair is thick and coarse and need hold.

Air dried this time.

Sleep overnight in a buff, this keeps all my hair above me so I don’t crush my waves with my head.

Day two, shake it out. Lightly clipped top layers up and sprayed damp then applied NYM Curl Refreshing Foam to under layers, pixie diffused those. I clipped and lightly sprayed water on top layers, added a little more foam and did a quick pixie diffuse.

Oh, and I use Biossance Squalane for my skin, so I use that to a scrunch the crunch out of my cast and then a tough on top for frizz control. It’s my fave!&&&Thank you! No, my hair is pretty thick.&&&That’s very kind, thank you!"
milkteaboba7,m4vkfh,You look stunning
Cocoa_with_cheese,m4vcxl,"What is happening with my hair? Is it transitioning or am I doing something wrong?&&&&&&Thank you so much!!
I normally use a regular conditioner and this mask says leave in, so I thought I'll give it a try. But I'll follow your advices and rinse it out. Thanks!&&&So I started on the CGM like 4 months ago and of course I started following people on Instagram, reading blogs, buying products and learning techniques. Routine is always changing and there has been good and bad days, but in the last month I started to notice bad changes and I'm truly lost in the see of information available. 

I'm 2b-2c (I think), high porosity, medium density and medium-thick hair. I never put heat in my head before, maybe using a straightener once or twice a year. 

But now I'm shredding like crazy, having a lot of knots (I don't understand how is it possible to not brush between washdays), having an itchy sculp, some strands have weird patterns and also split ends. Maybe because I'm diffusing now, maybe it's too much protein because I read that it's important, so I just went with it and used for a couple of weeks high protein products (Hask Keratin shampoo and conditioner)... I really don't know, so I'm very grateful for any tip. 

Routine (at least the last one):
-Prepoo with coconut oil from Balea.
-Dry detangle with fingers
-Wash with Foamie Shampoo for dry hair
-Detangle with fingers and wide teeth comb, Condition/leave in with Garnier Aloe Vera hair food mask, squish 
-Put Schwarzkopf curl mouse, squish and praying hands
-Plop with microfiber towel a couple of hours
-Put Al Natura styling gel, squishing and praying hands
-air dry (I usually diffuse but I'm kind of heat now)

P.S. I'm in Germany, so those are the products that I found here&&&That gives me hope, thank you!&&&It's the impression that I'm losing much more that I used to do, specially since I tried to not brush it between washdays"
Sylvss1011,m4vcxl,"Okay there’s a few problems with your routine. 

Shampoo- possibly find a more cleansing shampoo if your scalp is itchy

Detangling- ONLY detangle your hair while it has plenty of conditioner in it and I’d recommend doing so with a wet brush with really flexible bristles rather than a wide toothed comb. I think that might be half of the reason your noticing more shed.

Conditioner- here is the second reason I think you might be noticing more shed and having an itchy scalp. Use a regular conditioner, use a good amount, let it sit in your hair for a few minutes while your bathe/shave, then rinse it out completely. Don’t use a regular conditioner as a leave in. The pH isn’t right in a regular conditioner and unless it’s stated on the bottled should not be used as a leave in. So I’d recommend finding a separate leave in and just use a nickel or so of of it.

I’d try changing those things and see how it goes. As far as your hair that you shed looking weird, yeah they do that. Don’t pay attention to an individual stand if hair’s pattern. Also you can’t prevent split ends from ever happening. Excessive heat or detangling to forcefully can cause more split ends faster, but split ends always occur, that’s why you need regular trims. Hope this helps!"
apricopeach,m4vcxl,"Sorry, is it the amount of hair you loose or you loose much more?"
lvndrbrwn,m4vcxl,"I agree that you should only detangle with slippery, wet hair (when conditioner is in). As far the the different textures and patterns- I think you hair will adjust in time as you continue the curly/wavy method."
softblackstar,m4vcxl,"Also re: plopping your hair for a long time, I've read and also noticed myself that plopping for longer than 15-20 minutes is not great for my scalp, as it stays damp and warm, which promotes itching. Try decreasing the time you plop, and see if it helps."
whit_flinn,m4vcxl,"Hey just a note from another wavey; I did not have an itchy scalp until I tried to start CGM... and I realized I was allergic to a couple products I was using. 

If you’ve always had an itchy scalp then that might be something to talk to a dermatologist about or look into getting a medicated shampoo. But if it started after you started CGM, I highly recommend stopping all styling products, just use your shampoo and conditioner and maybe leave in until the itch stops. Test each product on the inside of your wrist and leave it on there for 30 mins and if it itches that’s the culprit. Itchy scalp can be dry scalp, it can be dandruff or it can be an allergic reaction. Either way it impacts hair growth and can make you lose more hair. So I highly suggest you stop everything until you get it under control. 

I stopped using all styling products and found out I was allergic to 2 of my stylers and am still dealing with it. It takes awhile for your scalp to calm down. I also do ACV rinses diluted and tea rinses as well with peppermint and chamomile tea, seems to calm it down. It’s been two weeks and still dealing with it but it’s gotten so much better after I cut the stylers out. 

Your hair looks so beautiful, and I hope you get the itchy scalp under control! 💖"
IShipHazzo,m4mts3,Beautiful!
TheAyanabanana,m4mts3,"May 2020- March 2021 Progress&&&&&&Alright here’s my hair characteristics: 
Curl pattern: mixture of 2A,B,C curls 
Density: medium dense 
Porosity: low 

Products!
Shampoo: drunk elephant cocomino glossing shampoo 
Condish: drunk elephant cocomino marina cream conditioner 
Mouse: Pantene definition mousse 
Gel: As I am Curling Jelly 
Deep confish: mixed chicks deep conditioner ( moisturizing) and shea moisture Manuka honey and yogurt hydrate and repair protein power treatment (protein) 
Cream: Cantu curl defining cream 
Wet Brush 
Denman Brush 
Thermal cap 

Routine: 
- I watch my hair and see how it’s doing but I usually wash it every 4-5 days 
- shampoo and the condish for 3 min and wash out completely 
- while hair is soaking I apply my gel, then squeeze out water with tshirt 
- apply gel with praying hands and scrunching method. 
- I plop with another wet tshirt when air drying 
- When diffusing: after squeezing excess water, I’ll style with a denman brush and scrunch more with a tshirt. When hair is removed of excess water and is dampI’ll apply my mouse and then diffuse with the hover + pixie method. Pixie method is a must or else I get no volume. Hair is flipped upside down when diffusing. 
- When braiding: when hair is super wet apply a very small amount of curl cream and brush through with Wet Brush. Then I wait for hair to dry a significant amount, enough so that I won’t go to bed with wet hair and I will brush each section while I braid. I dont like Mousses and gels in my hair.  
- deep conditioning: I deep condition typically every two weeks and once a month with my protein treatment. I apply from root to end, brush throughly and leave on for 20 min with a thermal cap (warmed up for 1 min each side it’s a flax seed cap) then wash out thoroughly. I apply in between shampooing and conditioning 

Tips: 
- cowashing worked for my hair in the beginning when it was super dry but now I need a shampoo 
- I don’t use leave in right now bc it weighs down my hair and makes it look wet when dry 
- haven’t found much help with taking 
- tshirts I use are cotton 
- with following the curly girl method I had a lot of products and methods that causes moisture overload so I had to readjust my routine recently (this is the updated routine). I don’t squish to condish, I try to limit the amount of time my hair is wet to just in the shower and take it every chance to diffuse"
GRASSIELA,m4iqwb,"I need help choosing a product.&&&Hey I wanted to ask some opinions. I have three to choose from Pantene curly, Not your mothers, and Aussie curly. I was wondering which is the best or had the best results. I just want to know cause I’m having a little trouble choosing between these three. Thanks to anyone that replies. Have a nice day.😊😊😊&&&I’m looking for mousse, cleanser, and conditioner. I’m a 2c and I’m low porosity. I’m pretty sure my hair is weighed down. I can see some of my waves in the front where my hairs are a little shorter. But in the back or just the rest of my hair it’s almost straight. Also my scalp is pretty oily and flat."
Istinline,m4iqwb,"What’s your texture and porosity? Do you find your hair gets weighed down easily? Are you looking for gel, mousse, or just a cleanser and conditioner?"
austsianodel,m4iqwb,Which Pantene shampoo is this please? I’d like to try it too! TY 💖
