index,id,comments
Hiccups_McGee,lcnl5b,"I think this is your biggest problem. It is so hard to see what works with your hair if you are never letting it ""settle"" into a routine. It will also help you to practice a certain technique so you know you're doing it correctly and it's just your hair that doesn't like it.

If I am trying a new product or technique, I give it 1-2 weeks then see if someone needs to be modified or switched out completely."
Least-Somewhere,lcnl5b,I’ve never finger coiled. A wet brush has helped a ton with my clumps though
amajurey,lcnl5b,Is it possible to get a consistent wave/curl pattern without finger coiling or twisting?&&&My goal has been to get defined and consistent waves through product and scrunching alone. But I'm starting to think it's only possible by curling it manually. What has everyone else's experience been like? Is it possible?&&&I'm hesitant to share my routine because I'm pretty much trying something different every day. But most usually I wash or co-wash then brush wet and then brush through gel. I'll scrunch that lightly to encourage the curl then wait for that to dry then scrunch it out. Brushing has definitely helped but I feel like it only makes it look good in the front and the back goes flat. This is why I've been trying finger coiling lately. This made me wonder if finger coiling Is The Way.
mondoburgerislife,lcnl5b,Could you walk through different things you’ve tried? Like products and routines?
okayseemsfakebutokay,lcnl5b,i just put mousse in my hair and scrunch then let it air dry. once it’s dry i flip my hair over put my finger into the roots and kind of rub to get rid of clumps. that’s was works for me anyways!
petitsamours,lcnl5b,won't brushing it straighten it out? thats what I'm scared of. I think my hair gets more or less wavy depending on its mood
smil1473,lcnl5b,"When brushing, rotate the brush so the hair runs over the back after going through the bristles. This will help smooth it into larger chunks. When squishing, be gentle and don't break up these larger clumps. Might help keep the waves from separating out"
vmartinipie,lcnl5b,"As others have mentioned brushing/combing while wet and using the brush to distribute product evenly, especially in the back and nearer the roots, has massively helped me get consistent definition. It's hard to tell what you've been doing from this post but if you're solely scrunching product in from the bottom and not seeing the results you want, you aren't getting enough even distribution of the product to help hold your wave pattern."
IAmMeatSubstitute,lck02c,I havent but commenting for views. =\]
Snowstig,lck02c,"Wavy hair product survey&&&Hi wavies!  Has anyone used/ had any luck with the Noughty Wave Hello line?  Or the Function of Beauty line for wavy hair?  I have 2a, fine, high-porosity hair.  Just looking to get some opinions/ input since there are so many different products.  Thanks in advance!&&&My waves are pretty loose too...maybe I'll give it a go when I'm out of my current line-up.  Thanks for the feedback!"
boom_bunny,lck02c,"I have used the Noughty products. I used the shampoo and conditioner in the lavender bottles. I also got some kind of spray by them. 

They all have a clean smell which I like and I’ve enjoyed results from the shampoo and conditioner. I’m not a huge fan of the sprays but it could be I’m just not using them right. Makes my hair sticky. 

I still have the shampoo which I’ll rotate through (I have a few diff types/brands) but am switching up the conditioner. I’ll probably go back to it because the others ones I’m trying weigh my hair down.

Edit* I have high porosity hair with looser waves (not sure type)"
Hellosl,lcjsu9,"Please give the details of the cut!! Your hair looks like mine in terms of wave but probably denser/coarser? I never know what to tell the hairdresser, but I’ll have what she’s having!"
Jnad1,lcjsu9,Your hair looks gorgeous 😍 could you please explain what a curly cut is? Didn't realize there was a different way to cut curly/wavy hair
Nervous-Ad2534,lcjsu9,Your hair is goals!
ShambolicShe,lcjsu9,"Got my first curly girl hair cut and it helped a ton! Got rid of the damaged straight ends and made my head feel less weighted down👌&&&&&&It’s a dry cut that takes your curl clumps into account instead of a standard wet cut that has more precise cuts&&&Today I used Clarifying  shampoo then I conditioned twice with Cantu conditioner and used Cantu high hold gel and diffused until my hair was 75% dry. Added a little mousse after diffusing to temper the frizz a bit and let it air dry.&&&I went to a curl specialist and just explained that I was working on getting as much curl definition in my waves as I am able to and that I wanted to make it as healthy as possible. The only specifications I really gave were that I wanted layers and I wanted to keep the overall length as much as was possible&&&Thanks, it really does!&&&Thank you!&&&Awesome! I’m sure it’ll look amazing after!

My stylist didn’t tell me this but I happen to have a really good hair day that day so I guess it worked out for the best 😂&&&I paid $75...which is about $30 more than a non curly haircut in my area. So they are more expensive. A lot of the salons around me charge $100 for curly cuts.&&&It was for me. I have no intentions of wearing my hair straight again anytime soon. It made things a lot bouncier. If you plan on the occasional blow out or straight hairstyle I would definitely opt out!"
WavyChoy,lcjsu9,Your hair is gorgeous! A good cut does wonders! 😊
aroha93,lcjsu9,"It looks great! How much did you pay for your haircut? I’m hoping to get my first Deva Cut soon, but I was quoted a lot more than I was expecting to pay."
cheeseheadrunning,lcjsu9,"Your post inspired my to get a curly cut as well :) Mine is this Friday!

did you go in with freshly styled hair? My stylish said to come in when my hair has the best definition which is 1st or 2nd day for me. But second day, though my favorite, tends to have a lot of products..."
jorjo32,lcjsu9,"I just found this site, seems to give a good explanation. https://www.mplsbeautylounge.com/blog/2020/3/23/to-curly-cut-or-not-to-curly-cut"
lizfelifestyle,lcjsu9,I've never had one. Worth it??
DNA_ligase,lcjnql,"It's a hair law that if you barely try, your hair comes out amazing. Another hair law is that your best hair days will happen on days you aren't seeing anybody."
Jecklesluvshyde,lcjnql,I love the blue!
NotReallyMaeWest,lcjnql,"Tbh this is my go-to method. No matter what my hair takes minimum 6 hours to dry. It’s long, and soaks water in like a sponge. If it’s going to be wet that long, I might as well let it dry overnight. I usually get results kind of like yours."
aveggiedelight,lcjnql,Wtf when I sleep with wet hair in a bun I wake up with limp wet hair
gator_gang_girl,lcjnql,"Threw my wet hair in a bun before bed, woke up with better hair than when I actually try.&&&&&&Ironically, today was errand day. But absolutely agree with the first law of hair!&&&I normally shower in the day time so my hair is dry before bed, but we had a maintenance issue yesterday so I couldn’t shower until bed time. I try to avoid putting my hair up as much as possible but I really can’t stand wet hair at bed time!&&&It was still damp when I pulled it down, I just let it air dry without messing with it too much. I didn’t want to ruin the magic!&&&ROUTINE:


Scrub scalp vigorously with warm water


Apply 2 pump TRESemmé Botanique conditioner with head upside down and brush from ends to root with wet brush


Put on shower cap for body washing and shaving of legs


Rinse with hair upside down, squishing in cold water until most conditioner is out


Squish out excess water with microfiber towel and scrunch in a small amount of Shea Moisture Coconut & Hibiscus Curl Enhancing Smoothie


Plop in microfiber towel for 15 minutes then put hair in pineapple bun using a silk scrunchie

*Sleeps entirely too long*

Pull out scrunchie and shake&&&Thanks! I’m doing something new next Friday."
glow89,lcjnql,Be careful with putting wet hair into a bun! I used to do this all the time and it ended up causing a lot of breakage!
violetpolkadot,lcjnql,"I could be wrong, but I think if your hair takes that long to dry, it means it has high porosity, not low porosity."
yourmomsfavorite_,lcjnql,That’s just how it be some times
Gergezek,lci8g6,"Came here to beg for some advice&&&&&&thanks a lot! I think the cast was only about 80% dry so I will definitely try to wait it out and scrunch with a t-shirt.&&&So, obviously I need to change something, possibly everything. I recently found out I might have wavy hair. And this Is my first question. Is it possible that thanks to the below listed product and the scrunching and difusing my hair would change the shape without being naturally wavy?

I did not go fully CGM, but I tried something and the two pictures are the results.

In the first picture

1. Bounce Curl Gentle Clarifying Shampoo
2. Kerastas Aura Botanica conditioner (I already had it at home and I am looking for something more suitable)
3. Brushed wet with tangle teezer
4. Scrunching
5. Shea Moisture Coconut & Hibiscus Curl Enhancing Smoothie applied to wet hair
6. Some shitty drugstore gel (looking for a new one)
7. scrunching
8. 10min plumping in a tshirt
9. Difused the hair

In the second picture, I used instead of the shea moisture a DYI flaxseed gel and afterwards a bit of gel.

My hair was frequently dyed for years and is most likely damaged and yes I do need a haircut but everything is closed due to covid.

More questions:

Is this wavy or curly hair? I read that for wavy I should look for lighter products and I’m not sure if it applies.

When I broke the gel crust my hair got separated into thin wavy strings and it just looked messy, is there a way to avoid this?

I would be very thankful for both product and routine recommendations."
Glued-Up,lci8g6,"Ditch Shea moisture, it can be so heavy,  try curl milks, really light products..Try that"
IAmMeatSubstitute,lci8g6,"Im still really figuring out my combo but mine looks like yours does in the first pic mostly. My hair HATES smoothies and those heavy creams!!! 

Ive noticed that for me the best products so far are a hair oil, a spray in leave in conditioner (the creams are too heavy), a curly mousse and a light gel plus I plop and scrunch and do the finger twists. 

I dont remember the names of the product I use but they absolutely need to be lighter for me otherwise its useless."
trwwy321,lci8g6,"I hated Shea Moisture, I tried their full line of products and it just wasn’t working for me.  

Obviously if you like it then by all means continue using it!"
whit_flinn,lci8g6,"No, most waves will agree, if you scrunch your hair wet and there’s waves/if you apply gel or mouse and there’s waves then you have waves! It’s just a matter of how much and getting your waves to come out. 

“When I broke the crust” was the cast fully dry? This is most of why it will look stringy it might not hold. It can be difficult to wait for gel to dry but try and wait until it is crispy dry to scrunch it out. I also scrunch mine out with either a cotton T-shirt or my microfiber towel. If your cast was fully dry and it felt weird and sticky that gel might just be wrong for your hair. I’d try it a couple more times though just to make sure.

Also would recommend you apply gel when hair is super wet, that way you get better clumps generally. It also looks like you are applying a hydrating curl cream? Which might be good or it could be weighing your hair down. I’d try a wash with just your conditioner (you could even do a deep condition and then rinse out) and then just apply your flaxseed gel and/or drugstore gel. I would probably for now stick to doing either or just to get used to the application. Watch you tube videos of others applying gel on hair so you have some to try out. It’s all about getting your hair healthy enough and using products that your hair likes! But welcome to the wavy club ;)!"
MrsEmilyN,lcgalc,"Where I started and where I'm at.&&&&&&Reset - 
   Shampoo: Suave clarifying. Conditioner: Garnier Fructis 1 minute Hydrating hair mask

Normal: NYM Blue Kale and Coconut Water shampoo and conditioner

I do full wash and conditioner Mondays. I reset every other week
Johnson Kids Curl defining leave in conditioner
NYM Curl Talk Curl Foam
NYM Curl Talk Defining Cream

Layer in and scrunch with t-shirt before and between each application. 

Wrap in microfiber towel. I probably do this for an hour, while I'm getting ready for the day. After this I diffuse my hair. 

I try to refresh only on Tuesdays and Thursdays, but haven't found a really good way to do it. Right now I'm spraying my hair with water and use Garnier Fructis Milk Spray, but midway through the day, my hair looks weighed down, fizzy and kinda greasy, so I end up putting my hair up. 

Wednesdays I cowash. I've used As I Am and Cantu, but I feel my hair looks greasy with these. 

Saturday and Sunday I don't really do anything right now, because I'm not going anywhere so I just throw my hair up. 

I've done 2 protein treatments. The first in December with ApHogee and the second recently with Elizavecca CER-100. I'm not sure if the Elizavecca is CGM approved, but my hair was so soft after."
kimberlymarie30,lcgalc,"We have very similar hair!  Thanks for posting your routine.
[my hair ](https://imgur.com/a/RT0rw0v)"
missanglaise,lce047,"Sometimes I wash without using hold products to make air drying easier... Today's hair reminded me why mousse and gel exist!&&&&&&Routine: 

1) Shampoo twice with As I Am Dry and Itchy shampoo, making sure to really scrub my scalp because it's been acting up lately.

2) Condition with Naturé Moi Après-Shampooing Nourrissant, which is my favourite light conditioner if anyone's ever in France. Detangle with tangle teezer and S2C.

3) Scrunch a little Curls The Green Collection Bamboo Protein Treatment into hair and run under the water for like a second.

4) Brush in some Franck Provost ""Boucles Mousse"" Mousse Professionnelle. Again, if anyone's ever in France, this is a decent CG mousse.

5) Brush in some Eco Style Olive Oil gel.

6) Scrunch in some more mousse.

7) Plop for like 15-20 minutes and air dry until bed (I washed at like 8 and went to bed around 11), then pineapple to sleep without making any effort to SOTC. 

8) Wake up and rearrange hair and go!

ETA: my hair is 2a/2bish, low porosity, medium thickness and density :)&&&Thank you!! It's my natural colour but it only looks this good in some lights haha"
rabbitluckj,lce047,Looks gorgeous! Your hair color is amazing btw.
ItsAllEasy7,lccvc4,How do I determine the porosity of my hair?&&&I’ve read that the  “water float test” isn’t actually accurate because of natural oils in the hair. Any other methods?
PhilosopherPrimary17,lccvc4,"Usually you can tell your porosity by how long it takes for your hair to get wet in the shower, ie if it gets wet super quickly you probably have higher porosity hair, vs if it takes a while to get fully wet you probably have lower porosity hair."
honey_bunchesofoats,lccvc4,The [strand test. ](https://www.naturallycurly.com/texture-typing/hair-porosity) Hope this is helpful!
BebeCrow777,lc4aw1,"I make my own :) 

[DIY Dry Shampoo](https://www.brit.co/diy-dry-shampoo/)"
FieryGhosts,lc4aw1,"Anyone here use a CG approved dry shampoo?&&&I really can’t stand day 2 hair. My scalp is so greasy, and miserable. Looking for dry shampoo recommendations, what do you like best?"
salazarslocket,lc4aw1,I make my own (1/2 arrowroot powder and 1/2 cocoa powder for brown hair; I believe you can use cinnamon for red and just straight arrowroot for blonde). I recommend putting on more than you think you need on your roots at night
snarktini,lc4aw1,"I use Klorane's non-aerosol powder with oat milk. It is white so not ideal if you have dark hair but I find it disappears pretty well. The other good news is it's gritty so it adds a lot of root volume. I used it long before CG and it's how I got from 1 day to 2 over time and now 3/4 days with CG. I've never found a spray that worked, CG or not."
vmartinipie,lc4aw1,"I use the Acure powder dry shampoo for brunettes, I believe the Kristen Ess line at Target has a powder option as well. What I like best is that the Acure is basically unscented, so many of the spray ones are heavily fragranced.

In addition, I believe naturallycurly.com has a few approved spray dry shampoos listed.

ETA: You may also need to experiment around with your shampoos. Many wavies find that super-strict CGM is not ideal for their hair. Don't be afraid to break the rules a bit and find more cleansing shampoos, I can't tell from your post what you're using or not, but it's fine to ""break the rules"" if you are unhappy with your hair and scalp on 100% CGM."
Traditional-Ebb3357,lby8uq,"Protein for low porosity wavy hair?&&&Hi all- I’ve been wondering how I can tell if my products have any protein in them at all. I’ve been using products for my low porosity hair and i’ve read that too much protein isn’t good for low porosity hair, but to add some in from time to time.

What ingredients should I look for to see if there is already protein in my products? Thanks!&&&Thank you so much!! This is really helpful. Much appreciated.&&&Thank you! Not having much structure sounds like what’s going on for me these days. With my low porosity hair it’s always taken super long to dry, so it’s a bit tricky to tell by that. I’m going to check out that YouTube channel! Thanks!"
Wavyhaircare,lby8uq,"If you look up the producting listing for the products you own, and then copy/paste the ingredients list into [isitcg.com](https://isitcg.com) it'll list the ingredients by category including proteins so it'll list any proteins. I find this to be the easiest/most thorough way.

But most products that market themselves as being, reparative, strengthening or fortifying will have protein so that can be somewhat of a rule of thumb.

When looking at the ingredients list, things that say they are ""hydrolyzed"" are proteins and things that are food-related words are usually proteins. For example, soy, oat, rice, wheat, barley, quinoa, etc. 

Then once you know what the proteins are, if you look at the ingredients list and see how high up on the list they are, that will give you some indication of whether it's a lot of protein or a little protein. 

I believe my hair to be primarily low porosity these days, but it seems to like a good bit of protein. I use protein in my regular shampoo and conditioner, and I had been doing protein treatments twice a month but have recently stepped it up even more and my hair seems happier. So I'd recommend listening to how your hair is behaving. If it's felt good and is behaving well with your current amount of protein, it's probably not too much."
pantojajaja,lby8uq,"Also generally most products do have protein, at least a little. And a little is good to have. My rule of thumb (after having gone waaay overboard with protein and then waaay overboard with moisture trying to correct the protein issue) is to see how my hair is feeling and balance it out if it feels like too much of one. Check out Manes by Mel on YouTube. She is extremely informative and fun to watch. But that’s where I learned to recognize when I have too much of one. Too much protein: wiry, course hair that feels dry, like hay and sort of dirty. It beaks off easily. Too much moisture: mega soft when wet, suuuper stretchy when wet, takes long to dry and becomes frizzy (not enough structure aka protein)"
Zewls,lbsb7i,"Im not too sure about my hairtype, but i think its 2b. I want to know how i can curl my hair, how i should handle my hair in the shower and what products to use. Check the captions on the picts :)&&&"
Tca2018,lbrye3,"Both post wash days, both have different definition. I think I have an issue with plopping/night protection?&&&&&&I’ve tried plopping overnight (I know it’s a bad idea now lol), I haven’t been able to find a good scarf for my hair type yet, and sometimes I just throw it in a bun and re-wet it the next morning.&&&I usually use a mixture of curl talk leave in and gel, and I’ll add some mousse as needed. I just started using a Shea moisture spray that’s high in protein, although in the pic with the pink heart I was using a palmers moisturizing spray."
whit_flinn,lbrye3,What do you usually do at night w your waves? Only luck I had was with a scarf but it’s kind uncomfortable so i stopped wearing it... I pretty much just refresh on my day 2-3 and then brush. Following to see if there’s more suggestions!
IslaAdams96,lbqz24,I’m obsessed with Manes by Mell & her sister Amanda. I’m totally thinking of doing my own cuts because of her.
hottaamale,lbqz24,Your hair is beautiful! I love both versions
lovelyeufemia,lbqz24,"Holy crap, is your hair stunning!! You're giving me hope that maybe by intensifying my scrunching routine, I'll see a bit more definition like yours! We definitely have the same wave type, but mine currently looks like a stringier, knock-off version of yours, lol.

Can I ask how long ""a very long time"" is? I currently only scrunch for a few minutes, and I'm thinking that may not be nearly enough. I'm concerned about creating excess frizz if I were to overdo it, but yours looks pretty much frizz-free!"
macandcheese5ever,lbqz24,"I love your length!! #goals haha I'm also glad I'm not the only wavy who extreme scrunches! I feel like I'm overdoing it *every* time but same as you, my hair likes it"
plinkamalinka,lbqz24,How do you apply gel with praying hands method without disturbing curls?? Doesn't it do the opposite?
stardewgazer,lbqz24,"My waves get weighed down so easily. Scrunching A LOT and diffusing upside down seemed to help. Thought I'd share my minor breakthrough :)&&&&&&Here is the routine I used for the right photo: Shampoo with LUS, condition with TreSemme Botanique Nourish and Replenish. Detangled with a brush. I then did a trim to attempt to add some layers - followed Manes by Mell's tutorial for longer hair ([https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FsZNwCqGQKA](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FsZNwCqGQKA)) - I don't have a ""curly haircut"" and realized I probably need some better layering. It seems to have helped a bit. After I trimmed I re-wet my hair, added LUS wavy styler, combed through hair, and scrunched upside down for a very long time. Then added gel with praying hand method (to not disturb the waves) and scrunched even more. Once I felt like I scrunched sufficiently, I plopped in a t-shirt for about 20 mins. I then diffused mostly following Manes by Mell's method. Then used a wide tooth comb to break up the cast at the roots a bit/get a bit more volume.

The main difference between right and left (other than the small trim) is the amount of scrunching and diffusing. I scrunched wayyyyy more on the right photo. And diffused to nearly fully dry, mostly upside down, flipping my hair over etc.

My hair is very fine and bleached. I’d estimate either medium or low density. It was curlier before it was bleached, but it’s been bleached for so long I don’t know what the real pattern is anymore lol.&&&Awwww. Thank you so much!!&&&Hahaha I’m glad you got a kick out of it like I did.&&&Aw thank you!! When I started a few years back my hair was about shoulder length and super super fried from heat and bleach - I definitely had months where I felt like it would never grow longer again but looking back I can really see the difference time makes! And yes with the scrunching, this is the first time I did extreme scrunched and it worked out so well, I will definitely be doing this every time now!! “Overdoing it” is the way to go!! 🙌&&&Me too!!! They’re so cute together I love the sister dynamic. I have definitely binge watched their videos recently - no regrets!"
thenewestaccunt,lbqz24,I like the phrase extreme scrunching. Gonna use that.
