index,id,comments
cav12345,odywp1,"Second attempt at CGM after months of wearing it up !!&&&&&&As I am co wash, tresemme coconut conditioner. Squish to condish. All about curls leave in moisture treatment and praying hands/scrunched while soaking wet. Air dried. :)"
AcanthocephalaAny681,odw4gx,Look beautiful
Blue_Turtle_18,odw4gx,"Want waves/curls closer to the root, help&&&&&&I'm pretty sure it's low (but honestly I'm not sure). What clarifying shampoo do you use? How often do you clarify?&&&I've been doing CGM for around 4 years. I get good definition in my ends and my hair does NOT feel dry. I do feel like I have a lot of product buildup though even in between wash days. 

My routine:

-shampoo twice a week with Maui moisture lightweight curls + flaxseed shampoo

-detangle with behairful brush and NYM Curl talk conditioner in the shower (I do ring out my hair of water before doing this)

- plop for ~5 minutes (I do this to remove most of the excess water because my hair takes too long to dry if I keep excess water in it)

-style my hair with Tre Luxe curl creme and then either NYM Curl talk mouse or Tre Luxe gel (I used to also use the NYM Curl talk conditioner as a leave in but recently cut that step out)

-plop again for ~10 minutes

- Hover diffuse on high heat, switch to warm heat once mostly dry

- SOTC with righteous roots oil"
Wise_Date_5357,odw4gx,"Hey, so what is your hairs porosity? Because mine is low and I know I get a lot of buildup and when I use a clarifying shampoo regularly (I have a Sulfate free one) I get way more volume and curl at the roots"
Aldrel_TV,odvhu3,"Does anyone else feel like their hair does better with less products and less fuss?&&&A lot of people I see in here can have some pretty high maintenance routines. They deep condition, brush with a Denman brush, microplop, diffuse, clip their roots, air-dry, and use like 5-10 products on their hair every wash day. I think like a lot of people, I initially thought that's what my hair needed also in order to be more defined/less frizzy/more voluminous, so I bought a ton of products, tried out plopping, microplopping, diffusing, brushing my hair out of the shower, brushing my hair only in the shower, scrunching out the crunch, squishing to condish, just a lot of stuff!

As I've been practicing wavy hair methods and focusing more on my hair though, I've found that the less I use, the better. I go into the shower, I wash my hair, sometimes I use one to get the product out of my hair, I condition, I wash it out super messily (not even squishing to condish), get out and lightly pat some water out, brush it out with a wide-toothed comb, apply some anti-frizz products and mousse, and just let it go! Literally 4 products and I'm so much more satisfied with how my hair looks afterwards, plus I don't feel like I have to use 10 products to get good looking (and consistent looking!) hair, it's SO nice and so much cheaper.

Did anyone else have this same experience? I tried the more is more approach and just was never satisfied. As soon as I cut down, so much happier with my hair!"
Candlehoarder615,odvhu3,"I use a low poo and a conditioner on wash day, then a leave in conditioner,  mousse and gel. With higher dew points and more humidity,  I found my wash days were less successful so I opted to skip the leave in conditioner and I am having much better results.  
  I guess my hair doesn't need more moisture in the warmer months and I am glad to take 1 step out of my routine.  

 I just clarified and deep conditioned yesterday and went product free and air dried. I have very nice,  subtle 2a waves and am going to rock this look for a few days since it's going to be in the high 90's here with high humidity and thunderstorms possible the next few days."
HonestlyRespectful,odvhu3,"I hardly use anything in my hair. I like to go product free, for the most part. I hate crunchy, producty-feeling hair. Most of the time I either cowash or wash and deep condition, then use a leave-in conditioner or a couple drops of jojoba oil, brush through my hair,  scrunch/microplop, airdry. That's it. My hair is pretty healthy, so I don't get much frizz. If I want it to look curlier, I will do the above, then add a gel, then airdry. If want big, curly hair, I will diffuse. I only diffuse to about 80% dry, airdry the rest of the way, then scrunch out the crunch. Takes about 15 mins to diffuse. Any which way I go, it's super simple, and turns out decent. Wow, after all of that, to answer your question, YES! Lol&&&I hardly use anything in my hair. I like to go product free, for the most part. I hate crunchy, producty-feeling hair. Most of the time I either cowash or wash and deep condition, then use a leave-in conditioner or a couple drops of jojoba oil, brush through my hair,  scrunch/microplop, airdry. That's it. My hair is pretty healthy, so I don't get much frizz. If I want it to look curlier, I will do the above, then add a gel, then airdry. If want big, curly hair, I will diffuse. I only diffuse to about 80% dry, airdry the rest of the way, then scrunch out the crunch. Takes about 15 mins to diffuse. Any which way I go, it's super simple, and turns out decent. Wow, after all of that, to answer your question, YES! Lol"
blckrainbow,odvhu3,"Ha! Can't be assed to do a thorough, detailed, multi-step routine. Just the very basic stuff with the simplest methods. I have stuff to do!"
cordial_carbonara,odvhu3,"Honestly, since I've figured out a good balance of protein and moisture, I'm way happier with my hair these days with nothing in it. I brush it out in the shower with conditioner in it, and then run my fingers through it and scrunch a little when I get out, then let air dry. If I want to look more polished for work I'll put in a little bit of mousse and diffuse, that's pretty much it. I can get a few ringlets when I work at it and use more product, but I've kinda fallen back in love with my loose lazy waves lately."
kailee___m,odvhu3,"Mine does! I have fine, thin, 2b/c waves and they do best with just washing, conditioning and some mousse. I just use water to form the clumps, scrunch in the mousse, microplop with a t-shirt to remove the access water and diffuse. I’ve only recently started scrunching out the crunch with a tiny bit of oil too to help with humidity. My waves easily get stretched out and stringy with a lot of product. I also prefer my wavy routine to be quick and easy if I want to make it worth bothering since just blowing out my hair is often quicker for me to do."
HistorySquirrel,odteqi,I’ll second the Aussie instant freeze. That stuff is solid!
Ok-Cover-4137,odteqi,"any suggestions for a good strong hold gel for wavy hair?&&&hey everyone! i have long, wavy hair (a mix of 2a, b, and c curls) and am looking for a new gel. i have used the NYM curl talk mousse and the jessi curl spiralicious gel in the past but neither give me a strong enough hold to have decent waves past day 2. i tend to like to get a really crunchy cast and need products that will make my waves last. any suggestions for stronger hold products are welcome!"
Veleda390,odteqi,"LA Looks what I use. It's basic and gets the job done.

Note that Jelly Soft Curls has silicone in it."
WeAreStarless,odteqi,"aussie instant freeze gel, and for a reeeaaally intense crunch, chi infra gel!"
geezluise,odteqi,"ecoslay jello shot is like concrete for me. always solid outcome, in both meanings 😂"
pilfernoodles,odteqi,"Harry’s sculpting gel is the hardest hold gel I’ve ever used. Even after cutting it 50-50 with water, I *still* got a rock hard cast. I swear it’s the Super Glue of the gel world."
pj_avocado,odteqi,I really want to try this but can't find it in the UK! 😭 Keep hearing so many rave reviews/ recommendations for it.
rmg1102,odteqi,"I really like LA Looks Extreme Sport gel, it’s really cheap and gets the job done!

Miss Jessie’s Jelly Soft curls is a really great light hold gel that I really enjoy using under mousse or a harder hold gel. It gives me crazy definition and is excellent for refreshing (even tho I barely refresh). It doesn’t get crunchy but it has some serious longevity!

I just tired Instant Freeze for the first time a week ago and haven’t used it since but I did like it!"
sno98006,odteqi,THIS! My hair is super stiff afterwards and it just holds your style. It crunches out really well and leaves your hair soft. It’s also great for refreshing. I just dampen my hair and rake in a teensy bit of gel mixed w/ water and it revives my waves.
NotAPigeonInDisguise,odsbpk,"Sometimes the conditions are juuust right, and I get a good wash day.&&&&&&Routine:

Today I washed using Hairitage’s scalp exfoliator, then went in with Malibu C’s Hard Water Wellness shampoo. After rinsing I went in with Moroccanoil’s hydrating shampoo. I felt my hair squeaking so I knew it was clean, then followed with Moroccanoil’s hydrating conditioner. I squish to condish.

NOTE: BEFORE I WASHED I WENT IN WITH THE HYDRATING CONDITIONER ON THE ENDS. 

I scrunch my hair while conditioning, rinsing, and before wrapping in a microfiber towel. 

After I got out, I used Design Essential’s Almond and Avocado Curl Enhancing Mousse, added Herbal Essence’s Spray Gel, added a little bit of Hairitage’s Curl Enhancing Mousse, and as it dried a bit I added Hairitage’s Light as a Feather Leave-in. I scrunch as much as I can.

Hair condition:

Fine, medium density hair with normal porosity everywhere but the money piece which has been lightened and dyed (this area is high in porosity)

My hair’s elasticity could be better, I’d say it’s moderate.

I have wavy/sometimes deep wave and slight spiral hair. It depends on the health, and if it wants to work with me lol"
for_no_one_else,ods5rs,"Also using a specific curl cream and/or mousse as well as a leave in conditioner. 

Also maybe try squishing to condition. 

And switch to a microfiber towel or t shirt. A terry cloth towel can cause major frizz and dryness. 

I always found the video on wavy hair that Manes by Mel has on YouTube."
track_gal_1,ods5rs,I would suggest only combing/wet brushing your hair with conditioner in it while soaking wet and then not again after and also using something to get a cast (either a mousse or gel).
useIessIesbian,ods5rs,"Help a wavy girl out.&&&Recently I've been on the hunt for what products could enhance my natural hair texture, and how to keep it healthy. I've always had a bit of a finicky relationship with my hair. It's relatively fine, but I have a lot of it, so it can get kind of thick and heavy. My scalp is pretty oily but my ends are dry and frizzy. Sometimes I have really good hair days, other times my hair looks like a mop... lol. I bleached it for 3 months and now that I'm back to my natural colour and not damaging my hair with the bleach anymore, my natural hair texture is starting to come back, which I'm very happy about. However, the problem lies in when it comes to keeping my waves for 3-4 days and how to make sure I do whatever I can after a hair wash to make sure my waves stay popping. My routine rn is this:

1. Wash my hair every 3-4 days, I usually don't need more. Using the briogeo don't despair, repair! shampoo and a korean conditioner that I do not know the name of rn.
2. Gently toweldry. 
3. Brush out with a wet brush and a detangler spray/leave-in conditioner spray.
4. Apply a hydrating cream/lotion to my hair, I use the mizani leave in conditioner.
5. IF I decide to blowdry, I use the briogeo heat protectant cream, but I airdry 90% of the time.
6. Lock it all in with an oribe hair oil. 

My hair feels super supple and hydrated after this routine, but the problem lies with the fact that I have no idea what techniques to use to enhance my waves or keep them alive for longer than a day. Every time I brush my hair when it's dry I just ruin the texture and it floofs up like crazy.... Pls help."
imranahmedmemon,odnc1p,"LASER HAIR REMOVAL - MEDICAL NEXT LASER HAIR REMOVAL If you are not satisfied with shaving, polishing, or waxing to remove unwanted hair, laser hair removal may be a viable option. Laser hair removal is one of the most performed cosmetic procedures in the United States.&&&"
AnonBubblyBowels,odglp1,"I *have* to brush my hair sometimes, it gets so tangled no matter what I do.

It frizzes and poofs and the curled/waves loosen when I dry brush though of course, so then I put it up in a messy type bun for at least 20 minutes. 

Whenever I take it down, the more defined, chunky waves and curls come back. Occasionally it looks wonky at first, but it always sort of “resets” on its own within an hour of letting it back down.

I don’t know why the hell this works and I only stumbled onto it because I hate the feel of hair products and I’m also supremely lazy."
Csherman92,odglp1,My fix is to get a big claw clip and seriously just put it up.
JackieHendrix,odglp1,"I put conditioner in my hair in the shower, and with my head still flipped down, I carefully brush my hair. Afterwards I add a little bit more conditioner and STC. Finally, I rinse it w cold water and add 2 pumps of uncle funkys daughter curl gel"
Mama-anom-nom,odglp1,"For my daughter, I wet her hair a little bit and work out the bed head with some leave in conditioner. 

For me, I don't do well with that much moisture, and stick with just water...or I just brush the curls out of my hair and put it up in a pony tail."
StrangerSkies,odglp1,"I only wash/wet my hair twice a week. Any more than that and I get limp and oily too quickly. For a refresh, I use Bumble and bumble’s dry shampoo, spray with the Ouai volume spray, and gently diffuse."
amajurey,odglp1,My refresh is to spray my hair wet and brush it with a Denman brush then give a gentle scrunch. It's been working great for my 2-bish hair!
chai-means-tea,odglp1,Half up half down is a good fix. You look neat from the front and it’s ok if the hair is messy at the back.
hazymeeger,odglp1,"I have to brush because my hair is fine but dense so it gets a lot of knots easily. I brush, spray with a spray bottle that has a few drops of my conditioner+water then comb with a wet brush, spray with a sea salt spray, scrunch in a tiny bit of mousse, plop, then let air dry. It’s not the shortest routine but beats having a ton of knots in the back. This is even if I pineapple or do sleep friendly hairstyles - doesn’t work for me unless I braid, which changes my waves."
kgberton,odglp1,Comb it in the shower
lilacwine79,odglp1,I get it wet with a spray bottle and comb it with a wide tooth comb.
nejibashi,odglp1,Could you explain what you mean by buff? I’m curious! Always trying new ways to put up my hair at night :)
raylalayla,odglp1,"How to fix a mess without brushing&&&Every article says to not brush wavy hair, but then what do I do? Just go out with a bed head? How do I get my dried, everyday hair in order?

Edit: Thanks everyone! Your comments were really helpful :)"
vinxy_mh,odglp1,"My refresh: put a little black Jamaican castor oil all over my hands  Then dampen hair as much as possible w/o getting on scalp  Then gently rack and scrunch 
Also, if you do. Don’t sleep with your hair lose at night. Either use the pineapple method or what works best for my waves is a buff.
Hope this helps"
WeAreStarless,odg80k,"could help with what, specifically?&&&ah, i now see your previous post. it may be easier to upload a photo to imgur and leave it as a comment on that post rather than making two separate posts"
thatonepersonthat-,odg80k,What haircut or routine could help *2&&&
thatonepersonthat-,odg7ht,"What haircut or routine could help? *&&&Hello everyone,
I’ve had wavy/cutly hair all my life but mostly brushed it out because I didn’t know how to care for it.
Now I’m trying to do as little as possible to it but then I wake up and my hair looks like this.(didn’t know how to add a photo so you can find it in the next post)
The outer layers are curled while the hair that is close to my skull is straight& frizzy.

Do you guys know what kind of haircut or routine could help with that?

Right now I’m using a garnier whole blends shampoo and brush my hair in the shower- once I have washed my hair I apply some repairing oil. Then I go to bed and let it air dry

Thanks for your help!"
Crrlll,odc66h,This is my exact hair cut! Go to a deva stylist and they will cut it like this :)
Fairylady33,odc66h,"The best my hair has ever looked!&&&&&&I style my hair wet, I first apply Aussie volume gel, then I diffuse my hair and right before the cast sets I add garnier clean gel and aussie sprunch mousse.&&&I need a haircut! When I first got my hair cut, I just got a lot of super short layers and bangs. I also am growing put the sides of my head, I have them shaved.&&&I need a haircut! When I first got my hair cut, I just got a lot of super short layers and bangs. I also am growing out the sides of my head, I have them shaved."
VoxySam,odc66h,I would kill for that cut! You should post a 360!
Support_Due,oda6ku,Looks very healthy and well moisturized! Nice progress 😊
aIohomora,oda6ku,Do you use anything to set your waves? I think we have a similar hair type and I have trouble holding my waves throughout the day. Would love to hear what you use!&&&Do you use anything to set your waves? I think we have a similar hair type and I have trouble holding my waves throughout the day. Would love to hear what you use!
eliserows,oda6ku,"Progress!&&&&&&I use either two different shampoos from the Not Your Mother’s natural line- the Royal Honey or the Green Tea Matcha. I apply a liberal amount of Hask Keratin Protein conditioner (smells amazing and is literally less than five dollars!) which I then leave in my hair for five minutes. After I shower I use a wet brush and apply the Not Your Mother’s Royal Honey leave in conditioner- again, a lot of it! I dry my hair with a t shirt and leave on my head until my hair is damp. Finally, I brush my damp hair with a wet brush and again apply the leave in conditioner. I scrunch the conditioner in frequently until my hair is damp to hold the wave pattern.&&&Hi! My hair is very high porosity (it does have some bleach in it) and this requires a ton of moisture. However, my hair is also relatively fine! I get the best results via scrunching in leave in conditioner and also letting the conditioner sit in my hair while I shower  :)&&&I have yet to experiment with any gels or mousse- my current routine just involves lots of conditioner and scrunching leave in like crazy! I’m excited to see what sort of definition I’ll get with a gel or mousse product."
kamilakostka,oda6ku,Marvelous progress!
moon__kitten,oda6ku,Amazing progress! My hair looks similar to your before picture. I hope to get shiny defined waves like yours someday! What hair type/porosity/density do you have?
TastyAlpacasRUs,od8ckx,"Messy But Feeling Good :) (Routine in comments)&&&&&&Still trying to find a routine that gives me more defined waves/curls without it looking messy. 

But I'm rather proud of my hair either way today!

Routine:

Washed twice with Giovanni smooth as silk shampoo. Conditioned with Giovanni smooth as silk conditioner while I did other things (shaving, washing body, etc...). I made sure to squish the conditioner into my hair, and brushed it out. I flipped my head upside down (ALLL the way, back of head is not flat). Used praying hands to put NYM curl mousse into hair. Plopped my hair in a  fine microfiber towel while I washed my face and brushed my teeth. Afterwards I diffused upside down and side to side. Tried to use the Giovanni hair serum to control frizz but oh well 😂!

Edited: hair is low porosity and I have fine to medium thick hair :)"
elbws5,od78n7,"2A 5th day hair. So shiny and healthy, finally!&&&&&&This is my 32nd wash day. Here are my notes: h&s shampoo, j&j curl shampoo w/ scalp scrubber brush,, NYM blue kelp and babo detangling condition, detangle underwater with wide tooth comb. Briogeo Curl cream, Apricot size of Aussie gel, add another pea of curl creamon top. Side style squish.. Micro Plop. Handful NYM purple mousse. Air dry 3 hours.

I just started using my wide tooth comb for a quick detangle on days 3-5, and I'm loving how my hair handles it at the ends. But at the scalp...

The dandruff shampoo seems to be a necessary evil. I hate it because it's making my hairs break.. (may just be summer shedding tho) Any tips for replacement? I am on the hunt!"
Klutzy_Profit_2984,od69n7,"I have the exact same colour, length & wave pattern as you (and looks like similar density too)! Might have to give some of those products a go 😊"
tinygoldenstorm,od69n7,"My first successful waves in years!&&&&&&Routine: Washed with Love, Beauty & Planet Mumuru Butter & Rose shampoo and conditioner. While hair was still soaking wet, I used a wide toothed comb to comb it all upside down. Raked in It’s a 10 Miracle Leave in Product, then used praying hands to apply Eva NYC Mane Magic 10-in-1 Primer. Scrunched in GloNaturals styling gel. Plopped for about 5 minutes in a microfiber towel, then diffused to about 60% dry and left to air dry. I scrunched out the crunch when was fully dry.&&&Cool! Any tips or recommendations that work for you? :)"
TalesOfFoxes,od3srx,"Still figuring things out, but I love my waves today! 🌊&&&&&&Ahh thank you so much! It's nice feeling like I can manage my hair for once lol&&&Thank you! It's Sizzling Copper by L'Oreal 🤙&&&Dude right? Probably my favorite shirt haha, I think I got it at Zumies&&&Routine- 

Shampooed/conditioned with OGX damage remedy + coconut miracle oil, wringing out my hair completely before conditioning. Today I used Texture ID Deep Treatment Masque for 7 minutes, then rinsed with cool water. Towel dried a bit before applying Garnier leave-in conditioner and Texture ID Styling Crème, plopped with a t-shirt for about 20 minutes. I let my hair down to check in on things, sprayed down with Not Your Mother's Beach Babe sea salt spray, and plopped for another 20 or so. After letting it settle and running a dryer sheet over it, the frizz has calmed down quite a bit."
anaidpmr,od3srx,Looove your hair color
ashes2asherz,od3srx,I need that alien tank ✌🏻✌🏻
hentaivee,od3srx,Omg I thought the first pic was a mannequin 😭 I was damn she made a bomb ass wig !!!! I love your hair color and texture fr !!!!
stelliumWithin,od3srx,I have the same hair texture on some days!! I’m just on my second month of styling it wavy. It’s confusing
Botanisosurus_Rex,od3ro9,Product layering&&&So I know some of us layer products for better hold. I personally like gel or custard and then a mousse. So what does everyone else use? And what order? I seem to have better results going gel then mousse but I remember reading that you should go mousse then gel?&&&So you mix and cream and mousse together before applying it to your hair?
Candlehoarder615,od3ro9,I use mousse then gel. I get the best definition and hold that way.
Veleda390,od3ro9,"I was skeptical of this at first but it does seem to work. I use curl cream + mousse together first, then gel."
pjj165,od3ro9,People layer them both ways (and sometimes also sandwich it too) so keep doing what’s working for you
angelbabygorl,ocw516,"(sorry if this is the wrong sub, i don’t know where else to ask) does anyone know a good conditioning treatment for dry wavy hair?&&&&&&ooo i’ve never thought of doing that, what oil do you use??"
geezluise,ocw516,ecoslay banana deep conditioner is really good!
just_a_wild_thing,ocw516,"My hair loves oil,  so I sometimes mix some 50/50 with my normal conditioner (which is Sukin hydrating conditioner)."
pjj165,ocw516,"The garnier 1 minute masks, or the NYM naturals green tea mask are both really lightweight but still give good moisture"
rmg1102,ocw516,"I really like the Shea Moisture Manuka Honey and Yogurt Deep Conditioner!!

a little goes a long way, but it’s still pretty lightweight which is good for waves!"
GenevaGrey,oct501,"Coconut oil is fairly heavy and additionally, some people’s hair reacts badly to it. Oils are occlusives, which means that they seal moisture in and prevent further moisture from penetrating, so I wouldn’t recommend it as a pre-wash mask if you’re looking for more moisture."
LoveIsTrying,oct501,"It probably depends on your hair. I know my hair looks greasy very quickly even with small amounts of oil, so I’d be hesitant to try it. But for other hair types it may work better."
gardenvarietymagpie,oct501,"I have frizz prone thick wavy hair and any product with a lot of coconut derivatives makes my hair very unhappy.

Way back when, I used to use coconut oil to smooth my hair after heat curling. I suspect now that was making everything worse!

But some people’s hair loves it.

I guess you may not know unless you try?"
hubiwoobie,oct501,"Coconut oil is often used as a pre-wash treatment because it helps waterproof the hair and prevents hydraulic fatigue (damage to the hair cuticle from the repeated swelling when waterlogged). Coconut oil is also able to penetrate the hair well, so it isn’t just sitting on top of your hair like many oils. 

I personally apply coconut oil the night before I wash my hair, and I have dry wavy hair like you do. I wouldn’t apply it post-wash, though, unless your hair can handle heavy oils without looking weighed down."
smeyer199433,oct501,"Coconut oil as a hair mask good or bad ?&&&I read different things on the internet and I am confused now, what is your take on it whith wavy slightly dry hair?&&&Ty!&&&Ty!&&&Oke thank you!"
