index,id,comments
AlexDeel44,rurryw,"Help! Idk if this is normal or not but when my hair is wet it still feels dry but with water on it? Like my hair isn't absorbing water? Even when I put conditioner on it, my hair feels dry while other pieces take to the conditioner, the dry areas don't!&&&&&&Thank you!&&&I'll remember that one. But at the moment I have natural red hair with no color in it (yet) maybe once I get my hair under a little more control I'll put some color in it. Hehe"
Fresh_Advance6094,rurryw,"Hey, it sounds like you have low porosity hair which means it doesn’t take well to absorbing products, even water, and may even repel those products. I honestly don’t know even about hair to recommend solutions, but if you search this sub there should be plenty of discussions on products and styling for low porosity hair! Hope you find what you need!"
Rae358,rurryw,"If your shampoo contains silicones the conditioner won’t be able to penetrate. I had this before starting to use products without silicone. My hair was getting drier and drier and felt more and more like straw. I started using hair products in line with the curly girl method and wow, what a difference, my hair actually soaks up the moisture now because it can get in! Hope this helps.
Edit: adding that if you want to know more about that happy to help further"
YouLostMyNieceDenise,rurryw,"
My hair feels like this, too, and I think it’s due to the low porosity. Is your hair in good condition, not very damaged?

When I lived in an area with very hard water, I had to use a chelating shampoo once a week to remove the hard water buildup, and that helped a lot. If you have hard water and clarifying shampoo doesn’t help, then you might try a chelating shampoo next. I don’t follow the CG method, so I’m not sure either of these products are CG friendly, but I liked Sally’s Ion Hard Water Shampoo and Bumble and bumble Sunday shampoo. (Pretty sure the second one has sulfates)"
campfire_vampire,rurryw,"If you have color treated hair or have some sort of chemical change, it could be severe damage. Just throwing that out there if so. I had severe damage one time and my hair was dry even when wet. Hopefully it's build up or low porosity, but no one else mentioned this possibility."
cobaltandchrome,rurryw,Spend more time saturating your hair with water?
disneyorganizer,rurryw,"Adding a pre-poo oil treatment to your hair is supposed to help low porosity hair retain moisture, I’m pretty sure."
forevermediumm,rurryw,Google squish to condish :)
h0tmessm0m,rurryw,"It sounds to me like you need to do a clarfying treatment.  With all the products we use our hair ends up getting a lot of build up.  I like to use Living Proof PhD triple detox shampoo because it's safe for colour treated hair.  And then squish to condish.

Either that or you have high porosity hair and I don't know enough about that to say anything helpful."
Accomplished-Tackle2,runofu,So cute!!
Jelly_Ellie,runofu,"Cut off a huge amount of hair that was weighing me down!&&&&&&I didn’t even realize how straw-like the ends were until they were gone! I was mostly after quicker drying and less weight, amazing how much 6 or 8 inches weighs.&&&Routine:
Wash every 4 days or so with Shea moisture purple rice water shampoo, same conditioner.
Plop 15minutes, diffuse or air dry.
Have had some real difficulty finding a styler that doesn't feel heavy, when I do use one it's usually tresemme curl defining spray gel.

Low porosity, fine hair (but a ton of it!)"
Katlynashe,runofu,"Thank you, probably one of the least complicated but still effective styles!  Looks much sassier! I like the change!"
MrGretzky9966,runofu,Looks gorgeous
_xtines,runofu,Getting a big chop has done so much more for my hair than any CGM/WGM routine could. Looks great!
bellaska,runofu,You look beautiful <3 I hope your hair makes you feel healthy and amazing as it looks
mymental_experience,runofu,"I cut off a lot of hair recently too!! My curls looked instantly better. Plus my hair doesn't matt like it used to, and it doesn't look like straw at the ends anymore."
whit_flinn,runofu,Are you styling upside down or right side up and have you tried both? For 2a hair (mine as well) I do best with mouse or foam on damp hair or gel that has aloe or flaxseed in it on soaking wet hair. I started out styling upside down and now I only style right side up.
Whole-Intention8946,rufdqc,"2b fine easily weighed down hair haul&&&&&&I was using nym Tahitian gardenia flower and mango butter curl shampoo and conditioner 2-3x a week squish to condition, Moroccan oil while still damp, scrunch with cotton tshirt and air dry. My hair was not as happy as it once was with Shae moisture’s fruit fusion shampoo and conditioner (now discontinued)… trying out some volumizing pH balanced shampoo and lightweight conditioner (that I admittedly have used and loved), trying mousse or gel afterwards! Also putting some clarifying shampoo into the mix maybe 1-2x a month since I have hard water."
HonestlyRespectful,rufasx,"Getting your hair back to health takes time. Since you bleach it platinum it's most likely high porosity. It's a lot of trial and error with what works for *your* hair. 2 weeks is no time at all in the scheme of getting your hair healthy. Look for others with high porosity bleached hair to see what products and techniques work for them. Also, the ""noodling"" might be from the products you're using. Like I said, you have to try lots of different things to find out what will work for your hair."
falsepriests,rufasx,"Almost 2 weeks on CGM - had definite results but wanting more s shapes rather than it just noodling about the place?&&&&&&Thank you for your advice. I'm going to start by trying to establish if I need more protein in my routine or not and work from there :)&&&I usually wash my hair every three to four days (though sometimes I stretch it longer because I'm lazy lol). I'd describe my hair as fine but normally dense. It's been bleached to a level 10, and I'm not sure if it low or high porosity.
Routine:
- shea moisture Jamaican black castor oil shampoo
- lots of shea moisture manuka honey and yoghurt conditioner, spread through with a wide tooth comb
- plop into a t-shirt or microfiber towel for at least half an hour
- scrunch in vo5 overnight curls cream, followed by scrunching in vo5 spray gel 
-diffusing
-scrunch out the crunch

To refresh my curls, I just use some of the shea moisture conditioner in some warm water in a spray bottle, spray that all over and either diffuse again or air dry. 

I'm really chuffed with my good it looks so far, but I'd really like more definition. I have a hair cut booked soon; will that help? Not all my hair goes into clumps, some just noodles about the place, doing its own thing. Is this normal or can I train them to clump up with the others?"
10MileHike,rudks2,"""Treating my wavy hair like it’s curly did me absolutely ZERO favors. Hence why I don’t strictly follow the CGM and will sometimes use “non-approved” products.""

1000% agree.  Becasue so many products are made for people with much more substantial curls/coils and you cannot listen to others reccomendations who have completely different hair than we do.

but I did not have to get off CGM  at all to do that.   I found tons of products that are CG safe, and just more lightweight.

Your hair looks great by the way!

Wish I could find a curl cream that is light ......that Curl Smith with the almond oil up close in INCI and the shea butter further down would absolutely drag out my hair and greasi-fy it.   Unfortunately.   Anything else you've tried that might work?    Then again, you are high porosity I am low porosity, fine, wavy."
Final-Product1541,rudks2,You are gorgeous I love your hair
HoneybeeEstates,rudks2,"Wow, great hair progress!

How often do you refresh?
I have tried out hairspray a few times because my waves often don't want to hold.  But I hesitate to use hairspray unless it's the day before wash day because of how producty it can make my hair. 

Also do you find that the Curlsnitg protein cream helps hold your texture for longer? I feel like my waves hold better when I use my NYM Curl Talk gel... but my hair dosen't really love the product so I've been thinking that I need to try some other products with protein without the commitment of doing a protein mask."
Old-Neighborhood-792,rudks2,My hair is just like yours fine and not a lot of it. Been strictly cgm since Sept 2020. I haven't seen it improvements. Some things work a little but my hair still primarily looks like your first picture. If I microplop the clumps get stringy and that's how they dry.
SolarWind777,rudks2,"Lovely waves! Thanks for the detailed information, esp for the FB groups!"
Traditionaliii,rudks2,This gives me hope.
caraluna,rudks2,Any chance you could go into more detail on your wash day routine?
catmom500,rudks2,">My goal is nice looking hair with the least amount of work and damage possible.

AMEN!"
consciousclit,rudks2,Hi!! Where did you buy that specific type of spray bottle?
ilovehummus16,rudks2,That garnier hair mask is soooo good! Your hair looks beautiful :)
immadatmycat,rudks2,What do you do with your hair when you’re sleeping?
mrsredfast,rudks2,Just want to say your hair looks great AND give a heartfelt Amen to concepts of not worrying about doing CGM “right” or how freaking curly you can get your hair to be. Curly hair isn’t inherently better than straight or wavy and it seems like even in the wavy subreddit the goal is always to get more curls. That’s fine if it’s want you want but not if someone reading ends up feeling like a failure. My goal is nice looking hair with the least amount of work and damage possible.
peachyara,rudks2,amazing hair prepares!! beautiful! and i can tell you’re an amazing and fun person judging by your comments! ☺️😂
pippaplease_,rudks2,This gives me so much hope! My hair looks a lot like your April 2020 photo. Thanks for all the tips!
ravenrandt,rudks2,I saw this post a few days ago and decided to shift my routine a bit. I’d been happy with my hair for a while but kept feeling as though it was not quite Where I wanted it to be. I washed yesterday evening and when I took my hair down from my pineapple this morning I could hardly believe how good my hair looked! It’s still not exactly where I’d like but so very much closer and I think will get where I want it with more washes like this and continued damp styling. Thank you!
skscleo,rudks2,"Do you like the NYM shampoo and conditioner? I am using clarifying shampoo 2 times a week only, and that seems to be the only way I can get my waves to look good. When I try different shampoos and conditioners my waves hardly do anything."
superdeeluxe,rudks2,"A year and a half wavy! ✨ Current routine and biggest takeaways in comments.&&&&&&Hey friends!



I’m including my wash day, refresh routine, and my rotating products. I’ve been on this ✨journey ✨ for about a year and a half now and I like to think I’ve learned a few things along the way. I still use heat to diffuse my hair and I still get my hair colored.


**My biggest take away is as follows:**

- Treating my wavy hair like it’s curly did me absolutely ZERO favors. Hence why I don’t strictly follow the CGM and will sometimes use “non-approved” products. No curl clumps here. 

Like many, I dove deep into the CGM when first starting out and followed everything to a tee. Turns out my fine, wavy hair didn’t need heavy curl creams, wet styling and would never form those elusive curl clumps. 

Over typing runs rampant in CGM because many of the techniques and verbiage Lorraine Massey (author of the CGM book) “borrowed” are from the natural hair movement and meant for hair types 3 and 4. Also, those damn online hair typing quizzes don’t tell you a thing and are wildly inaccurate. But lemme get off my soap box here 😅


**Other hot takes:**

- Too much water = a bad time. Damp styling and refreshes is where it’s at. I invested in a misting water bottle and it was a GAME CHANGER.


- Hair spray was also a game changer to get my waves to last throughout the day. Not “approved” but who cares? Not I.


- Stop worrying so much. I would constantly stress about protein, moisture, am I doing this right??? It’s hair, it’s not rocket science and it’s not meant to be stressful. Me scaling back my routine and doing less actually improved my hair.


- You can’t train hair. Yes, your pattern can get a little nicer once your hair gets healthier but you can’t magically make your hair go from 2A to 3A. (unless there’s some serious hormonal or medical voodoo at work) If you’re “curl training” you’re just wet styling (and that’s FINE) but you’re not changing your hair type. It grows out of your head the way it wants to. Every wash you’d have to start over again because your hair wants to be how it wants to be. I WISH someone had told me this way back when.



- I’m a firm believer that your curl/wave type doesn’t really matter in the grand scheme of things. 2A, 2B…who cares. You’re either wavy, curly, or coily and should pick your products accordingly. Porosity and density tend to matter more but even that is so-so to me. But I’m aware this is a semi-controversial opinion in these parts so take what you want from that 🤷🏼‍♀️


**Things I’ve found helpful besides this sub:**

- The FB Groups “Curlfriends” and “Wavy, fine, thin, and high po”




✨✨✨✨✨



**Current wash day routine:**

- NYM pink shampoo and conditioner 

- Curls Blueberry Bliss Leave In

- Curlsmith Feather-Light Protein Cream

- UFD Curly Magic

- *Plop with microfiber towel for 5-10 minutes*

- LA Looks Blue Gel

- *Microplop, diffuse*

- Mist with Dove Flexible Hold Hairspray, SOTC once fully dry



**Current refresh routine:**

- Mist hair with misting spray bottle 

- Glaze and scrunch in Curlsmith Feather-Light Protein Cream

- Glaze and scrunch in UFD Curly Magic

- Mist with Dove Flexible Hold Hairspray

- *Diffuse*

- SOTC once fully dry



**Current rotating products used as needed:**

- Kinky Curly Come Clean clarifying shampoo

- Garnier Fructis Smoothing Treat 1 Min. Mask (I actually prefer the Papaya over the Avocado)

- Shea Moisture Protein Power Treatment

- Olaplex&&&Exactly! “Waves aren’t failed curls”. Not to mention most of us will never achieve curls because our hair is wavy lol.

Never mind wavy hair can still spiral and curl without being true type 3 (which curls from the root). But most of the CGM cult isn’t ready for that conversation 🐸☕️ Because heaven forbid someone tell a 2B person their hair isn’t 3A lmao.

That’s why I’m over here like curl typing is bullshitttttt please stop using Cantu and Africa’s Best 😭&&&What are you currently using? It might be time to step outside of strictly CGM.

It’s hard to tell from my current photo since so much time has passed and my hair is basically back to its original length now, but I’ve had several major haircuts since the ends of my hair were SO fried from years of heat, so cutting off a ton of the damage really helped too.&&&Thank you!

I will usually use Olaplex maybe once a month? Sometimes less. Usually I’m more mindful about it if I just had my hair colored recently.


I use it before shampooing (per the directions) and then continue with my normal wash routine.&&&Thanks!

Ideally every day, but the days I’m going to be wearing my hair up at work, I don’t bother. I do a lot of buns or braids towards the end of the week when my hair gets pretty dirty. I usually only wash 1-2 times a week and it kind of depends on how I’m trying to line it up with my plans.

I think it’s definitely helped! The product itself doesn’t really have any hold (it’s as feather-light as the name would have you believe) but my hair LOVES protein so adding it to my routine made a big difference in terms of how defined my waves are. 

I feel like I tried all the gels (including Curl Talk) and my hair has liked the LA Looks one the best thus far — possibly because it has a small amount of protein in it. Though I did switch to Aussie Instant Freeze for the summer for the humidity and it was alright as well.

The Curls Blueberry Bliss Leave In also has protein in it! Some people choose to buy those neutral protein filler drops and add them to their stylers or shampoo/conditioner so you could always try that too. I just didn’t want to run the risk of ruining my products if my hair didn’t like it 😅&&&Thank you! And yes, I actually have come to prefer the papaya version a little more but both work great and are super affordable 😊&&&Yes! I usually stock up when it goes on sale at Ulta or Meijer (I’m in the Midwest).

It’s occasionally buy 1, get 1 50% off.&&&I do! It’s probably been my favorite so far. The conditioner gives really good slip. I also like Twist by Ouidad (it’s their drugstore line). I use their hydrating shampoo and conditioner in the summer but it’s not as hydrating as the NYM so I prefer it for the dryer months.

I’ve tried pretty much every major brand, Jessie Curl, LUS, Ouidad, etc.

2x a week is way too often to clarify!&&&You got this!

If my lil fried, dyed, and laid to the side noodles can turn into something, there’s quite literally hope for all! 😂&&&Thank you! And you’re welcome, hopefully you find it as useful as I have 😊&&&Of course! Good luck 😊&&&Yay! I’m so glad I could be of some kind of service to somebody 🤣 That makes me so happy!&&&You’re too kind! Thank you 💕&&&I just put it in a high ponytail or bun with a satin scrunchie!&&&Thank you!

What is your reason for wanting a curl cream? Typically if your hair is fine and wavy, a curl cream may be too heavy. 

I would maybe look at adding hydration in other areas first to see if that helps your concerns before going that particular route (like using a leave in if your aren’t already or maybe switching it up if you are — or switching your shampoo and conditioner). 

I would definitely steer clear of any butters and oils to avoid becoming a grease slick as those are usually reserved for dryer and coily types.&&&[Amazon!](https://www.amazon.com/dp/B07QLQW2GK/ref=cm_sw_r_cp_api_glt_fabc_MNJD7JXHXZ1CGNTE0JB7)"
w11f1ow3r,rudks2,Oh I love that shampoo and conditioner. Always hard to find in stock in my experience.
wasuuuhbi,rudks2,Your curls look so great! How do you incorporate the Olaplex 3 in your routine?
GreyDiamond735,rucohp,"The struggle is very real. You might wanna avoid Glycerin, and do more wet refreshes. You also might need to deep condition more often."
LongTallSalski,rucohp,"I noticed you said in a comment you have hard water. If you can, invest in a filter for your shower. If not, look into chelating shampoos. They’ll clear the build-up of minerals on your hair and allow the conditioner to penetrate better. 


I feel your pain. I moved to the ‘arid tropics’ a few months ago, which is super dry heat throughout the day, then high humidity at night with very hard water. Still trying to work out how to do this thing."
Noodlenoodle88,rucohp,"I’ve also had pretty good luck avoiding static by applying mousse to my soaking wet hair, regardless of how I’m styling it. 

Always looking for other tips though!"
PeriLeigh,rucohp,Yes! Water softener made my hair sooo much better
brb97,rucohp,"Your hair is also going to get a lot of static and cling to everything. Fabric softener sheets are a really good temporary fix for this! (Avoid your roots, though.)"
theflipflopqueen,rucohp,"So. Much. Conditioner!  I also have good luck with curl creams or flex hold gel rather then hard hold.  Invest in a good scalp brush, it will be a life saver until your scalp adjusts, and be prepared to have more wash days. Your hair and scalp will need the moisture"
tinykrytter,rucohp,"People Living in Dry Climates - I need your advice!&&&Hi! I recently moved to a DRY climate from an extremely humid climate. My hair is definitely feeling the difference. It's extremely frizzy, feels dry and course, and my scalp is not balanced (almost looks like if I have dermatitis.) Also, EVERYTHING except mousse seems to weigh it down.

Obviously, I need to find a new routine but I dont know where to start. So my question is... folx with wavy, medium-high porosity, dry hair and dense... do you mind sharing your routines? Thank you!&&&Interesting! My hair has been so dry, I havent had the need to wash it and I didnt want to expose it to too much hard water. Maybe washing more will help! 

Do you have a conditioner your recommend? Ive gone through so many and all are yielding the same results once my hair dries :("
neonroses08,ruarza,"Looking for advice on products for fine hair.&&&Hello I have spent my whole life believing my hair was straight and a frizzy mess until I move to an island where it's really humid so when I try to flatiron my hair it would reverted to a wave the moment I dropped of water hit it. I stop straightening it because it was getting fried at the tips and got it trimmed to prevent anymore damage. 

-Story time-
When I realized my hair was wavy when I started to think back to my childhood where mom would wake me up super early to use one of those heating tools that one day got stuck in my hair and her solution was to keep my hair in a bob and still used heating tools to keep it just like hers. As I looked back I thought to myself why didn't my mom try to style my hair as a kid with textured hair and not straight.  As I got older I fell into  the same routine believing this is how its supposed to be. Wake up flatiron my hair every single day. Until I stopped in my now adult life and I still don't know how to care/style it. It's not like I can ask my dad he just keeps it short and puts gel.

- Question-
Kinda lost to be honest I have been looking on YouTube channel for product that are limited to the island of Okinawa Japan. Today I used a new product and it somewhat looks ok I think. I also just bought a diffuser but haven't tried it yet.  What other product would you suggest? My hair is on the fine but there's a lot of hair that it take a while to dry. My scalp needs to be washed regularly because I get acne .

Products I currently think work for me jelly soft curls gel denam hairbrush and aquis original microfiber towel.

-Tldr- Did my hair like my mom taught me using heating tools moved to an island so now my hair isnt complying with humidity and it's get really wavy. Need advice on what products to use on fine hair."
CrashBandicute1234,ruaeev,"I was gifted the curly hair set - volumizing shampoo, hydrating conditioner, air dry cream. The conditioner is awesome. It's very hydrating and defines my wavy curls. I think the shampoo might be too clarifying because it kind of... stretches? my waves, I guess. The air dry cream smells good and makes my hair soft, but I have to use extra gel for hold. I would recommend not using the set for every wash, but ymmv.

The shampoo and conditioner smell like cologne and it takes some getting used to. It's not my favorite."
Hot-Gate-5306,ruaeev,Yes! My hair has never looked better. It is so soft and very easy to comb through when I get out of the shower. #LifeLongCustomer
Neuroticbiotix,ruaeev,"I bought the air dry cream after rave reviews, and it does work well, but the smell is SO strong. It's really like.. sandalwood-y or something earthy like that. Too strong, too much. If they could just reduce the smell a bit I'd join in the chorus of praises because it does help the waves."
bigbb5,ruaeev,"I was looking at the air dry cream because I want non frizzy touchable waves, and don’t care if the waves get looser and straighter day 2-3. would this product, in your experience, be able to do that?"
razzelledazzle,ruaeev,"Anyone tried JVN Hair? Conditioner ingredient list here.&&&&&&I appreciate the feedback! I may try them out because I often cycle between products anyway.&&&This is the undamage strengthening conditioner ingredient list. Anyone spot anything I should watch out for? This was the one recommended on their “quiz” because I do have bleached (pink) hair. 

I suspect JVN knows some things about wavy/curly/frizz…maybe.&&&Yay! I’m excited that I ordered them!"
CaptainCrapula,ru5r5q,This.&&&How far down are you bending? I just bend my neck forward but kept my body more or less upright.
HyperbolDee,ru5r5q,"I’ve gotten lazy and do my shampooing and conditioning upright, but I’ll rinse my conditioner upside down, wet brush out the tangles, squish it around for some good clumps, and wrap it in a t-shirt. Then I do the last bits of my shower (wash my face, contemplate the mysteries of the universe) and do my post-shower products/routine."
Puzzleheaded-Room990,ru5r5q,I style my hair upside down which works for volume but i’ve never actually washed it upside down thats cool :)
Sundowndusk22,ru5r5q,"Haha great description! I usually wash hair normally with shampoo. When I rinse out with conditioner, the last bit is when I flip my hair and let it rinse out. It’s okay to leave a little conditioner to keep your hair hydrated. From there you can scrunch or do praying hands when it’s drenched in water. Sometimes I have a bowl ready to dip the hair back with the product that rinsed out."
bettyboo5,ru5r5q,I just plop for up to an hr after. My back wouldn't take washing my hair upside down
bucketofardvarks,ru5r5q,"How do you finish your shower if your hair is all wrapped up? I could only contemplate the mysteries of the universe stood directly under the water with my hair getting soaked, haha"
butinthewhat,ru5r5q,That’s what I do too.
courtanee,ru5r5q,Look into the bowl method. Might be easier for you!
dotknott,ru5r5q,Looking forward to your next photo post where you include “mopping shower tiles” as part of your routine comment.
kfrostedfrakes,ru5r5q,I use my kitchen sink luckily it’s huge and deep. I can’t at all in my shower due to the shower head and space
losume,ru5r5q,"I tried washing my hair upside down&&&I hurt my back, I got water up my nose and I basically mopped the shower tiles which feels kinda gross. How do you do this efficiently? The volume is great (maybe it's the tiles)."
m_gallimaufry,ru5r5q,"I used to do the other shower stuff while conditioner was sitting, but honestly your way is so much better because then you start getting that towel plop/dry time right away. I’m gonna have to switch!"
official_koda_,ru5r5q,I wouldn’t bother unless you have a moveable shower head. I’ve tried just doing it in a normal standing shower and yea the water goes everywhere. It’s easy when you’re able to just be in clothes on the edge of the tub and use a shower head.
pajamaparty,ru5r5q,"I shampoo upright, then for conditioner I lean to one side 90 degrees then repeat on the other side."
pepperminty88,ru5r5q,I have a huge double sink in my laundry room that a bar stool is the perfect height for so I wash my hair in the sink. It's so much easier for my weekly wash day.
solas_oiche,ru5r5q,"bring a bucket in the shower
wash hair as usual
rinse conditioner by dunking in the bucket 

source: i don’t have a detachable showerhead"
soredinoo,ru5r5q,Came here to say this. Rinse it in a bowl.
suspiciousfishy,ru5r5q,Everything goes to shit if I put my hair upside down lol
vintagesauce,ru5r5q,I use a handheld shower head.
Wavyhaircare,ru4dz7,"It's a little tough to give advice without knowing what your goals are. A lot of people who come here are wanting to either make their waves more defined, or tighten them. In either of those cases, I'd recommend adding in a styling product with hold, and then letting it dry (whether air drying or diffusing) 100% before you touch your hair. Once dry, your hair will likely be stiff/crunchy so then we 'scrunch out the crunch' which gets rid of that stiffness and the 'wet look' but it will help keep your hair in defined waves even after you've scrunched out the crunch."
spaghettiosplease,ru4dz7,In desperate need of advice! I'm a complete newbie to this&&&&&&Thank you! I'll definitely try this.&&&Currently using ogx liquid pearl conditioner and shampoo and letting my hair air dry. I'm so lost and nervous about this please help!
BrunchBitches,ru0ukw,I use the shampoo and I love it! I never buy the conditioner since I only wash my hair once a week so I tend to just deep condition my hair when I do wash it.
BuffyTheMoronSlayer,ru0ukw,Ah! Me too! I’m also a librarian.&&&Truly is a YMMV situation- my hair hated “Not Your Mothers” line
BurqaAvenger,ru0ukw,"Loved it at first but after a few months it left HORRIBLE effects. Not worth it long-term!! My hair started falling out, gets greasy quicker and feels like straw."
DNA_ligase,ru0ukw,"Never tried this green one, but I liked the formula of the purple one that I received as a sample. I have heard really good things from wavies as apparently this brand doesn't overload oils as a lot of curl specific brands do."
Emerald_Mistress,ru0ukw,"My local grocery store started stocking a new brand and I’m curious. Has anyone tried it?&&&&&&I do a co-wash most wash days and only use shampoo once or twice a month so I’m not super concerned about the sulfate derivative. I will however be more careful about the wax; I might try it and see if it builds up too much. Thank you!!&&&I’ve seen other people mention jars of conditioner and other products by them, but my store only has the shampoo/conditioner combos right now. I’ll have to look around at other stores for their other products. I’m looking for a good leave-in to replace mine that isn’t silicone-free&&&Treseme was the only brand I knew of with a lawsuit regarding hair loss, but I’ll definitely look into it!

Edit: there does appear to be a class action lawsuit against Maui moisture (and several others) for using what is essentially formaldehyde in some products, causing scalp irritation and hair loss. The only Maui moisture product listed was the color protection+sea minerals conditioner, so not these ones pictured above specifically. The class action names the ingredient in question - DMDM hydantoin - so we can at least be on the lookout for it. Here’s a link to the [class action law suit ](https://www.classaction.org/dmdm-hydantoin-formaldehyde-shampoo-lawsuit) in case anyone want to see what the other brands included are so you can toss any products you need to!&&&I had the exact same issue with OGX brand shampoo"
Katlynashe,ru0ukw,Interesting idea.  I like this too!
Laceykittycats,ru0ukw,"I liked your ramble! Do you have a method for when to switch products? Like a different one each shower, or when the first product runs out?"
Ok_Independence_4343,ru0ukw,I have some Maui moisture curl cream which is surprisingly good for the price.
Outside-Notice-3035,ru0ukw,I did not like this one at all. It makes my hair dry and feeling super goopy idk very weird.
Puzzleheaded-Room990,ru0ukw,I used the pink and blue maui moisture bottles and they were good value for the price - they made my hair pretty soft :)
Rommie557,ru0ukw,"Yes, I've tried it. And yes, it's good. It's CGM friendly, too!

I've always used the magenta colored bottle from this brand, but the flaxseed in this should be awesome for curls/waves."
RunForTheHillls,ru0ukw,Curious how you decided this? I’m using this shampoo/conditioner and am happy with how light they are but also am new to wgm/cgm.
S_Daydream,ru0ukw,"I believe this brand was part of a lawsuit for having an ingredient that caused hair loss&&&I never liked the brand much tbh. But I thought I saw somewhere that this brand had some products that had a certain ingredient that was causing hair loss and was part of a lawsuit. It may be worth looking into, and they may have changed their formula since then"
Tasty-Caregiver350,ru0ukw,I love these! I feel like they make my waves more prominent.
UnnecessaryApology,ru0ukw,"I personally don't like Maui Moisture. I found the shampoos I tried to be drying, and the conditioners didn't feel like they did enough to balance that dryness. But they're relatively inexpensive and have decent ingredients, so it's worth a try at least."
babababish,ru0ukw,Yes!!! I just used this product but had to switch because I needed color protecting shampoos and conditioners. I loved how it made my hair soft and curly/wavy. I have fine to medium hair and it was the only “curl” product I could find at the grocery store that didn’t weigh-down my hair.
bigbb5,ru0ukw,I do really like Maui moisture as a brand. I’ve tried a handful of their shampoos and like most. I did try specifically the flaxseed and found it was too much protein for me.
blckrainbow,ru0ukw,"The shampoos have c14-16 olefin sulfonate, which, although technically not a sulfate, can be just as harsh and drying as sulfates. I use the pink one for clarifying. Never tried the conditioners though. I used the curl milk (orange bottle) and the hair mask (pink jar) before, but stopped after I read the ingredients list thoroughly and saw they both have microcrystalline wax in them (so, not CGM approved, if you are super strict about it)."
blueydoc,ru0ukw,"I didn’t use that exact one but I did use their pink one, I think it was the Shea Moisture conditioner, I found it made my hair too heavy/greasy."
bucketofardvarks,ru0ukw,"Normal conditioner with protein? I'm gonna have to see if I can get the flaxseed one in the UK, that would probably be perfect for me!!!"
cerealwithextramilk,ru0ukw,I also was not a fan of the pink one !!
dinglehoppercomb,ru0ukw,I used the purple one and It made my head incredibly itchy. I hated it My hair also did not like it at all. It felt limp and weighed down. It makes a great shaving cream now.
eggoverdose,ru0ukw,their leave-in conditioner is soooo soft
everyonesaysso,ru0ukw,"LOVE them! I use the purple shampoo, conditioner, and mask for ""dry and damaged hair"""
forevermediumm,ru0ukw,I started using that conditioner recently and I like it so far.
gnomequeen2020,ru0ukw,"I love the conditioner and the shampoo works pretty well for me. Even my stylist noticed my curls are getting better since I started using it, and I get very little hair fall. 

My hair is kind of flimsy and hates anything heavy or oily, and it desires protein more than a power lifter...sooo YMMV."
idkbrogan,ru0ukw,"I don’t remember which color I used, but I remember Maui being too heavy for my hair and it made my skin break out as well :("
jazamiin,ru0ukw,what do u use now
kfrostedfrakes,ru0ukw,I think I need to start doing this. I love your suggestions!
kgberton,ru0ukw,"I've used the orange set. The conditioner isn't great for me (gets greasy after a couple days) but the shampoo is. Nothing special, but does the job."
konabologna,ru0ukw,My favorite! I’ll never switch from Maui
lavenderwavey,ru0ukw,I really want to try this but I don't think they do it in the UK yet. So sad because it sounds like it would do wonders for my hair. I've heard good things about it tho. Xx
librarianlady,ru0ukw,I love Maui Moisture!!! I use the pink shampoo and conditioner and my hair has never been happier.
lorde_vick,ru0ukw,"I have the flaxseed shampoo and conditioner 


Shampoo is okay but conditioner is amazing"
midnitebrz,ru0ukw,"I loved the green Maui! Couldn't find it when I went to get more but it was good for me. It is lots of protein though, however I dye my hair so I needed it"
minecraftgirlie666,ru0ukw,I’ve tried other Maui moisture products and love them. I use them often. I’ve been wanting to try this shampoo and conditioner though!
nemesiswithatophat,ru0ukw,I've tried Maui. Didn't clean my hair properly and left it greasy :'(
niceplant12,ru0ukw,I use this specific shampoo and I like it!
official_koda_,ru0ukw,I started losing extra hair with the pink bottles. Honestly a lot of people complain about hair loss with this brand in general.
owntheh3at18,ru0ukw,I have used this conditioner and absolutely love it. It smells amazing too.
princessfret,ru0ukw,yeah! it’s great
queenstower,ru0ukw,"I use this conditioner (I use another Maui moisture for shampoo, one for thicker curls, because my hair is a combination and my husband has very curly hair, so we just share that one) and my hair loves it. It’s a fair amount of protein though so it depends on your hair— mine can’t seem to get enough of the stuff but that’s definitely not the case for everyone"
ribbons-gibbous,ru0ukw,I seem to be an outlier here but I have the pink conditioner and it was kinda expensive (in Denmark anyway) and I was quite disappointed. It left my hair  knotty and I couldn't keep using it
sassymn,ru0ukw,"I’ve tried the hibiscus range, love it!"
scalarDomain,ru0ukw,"Same, I tried this conditioner and it looked like my hair got fried with the protein. The pink Maui lightweight hydration conditioner is phenomenal though. (The accompanying pink shampoo though tends to also fry my hair sadly - seems more clarifying than I need)"
sitetrahedra,ru0ukw,"I have the pink shampoo and im not a fan of it. Its been months since I used it and I forget the exact reason I stopped, I just know it didn't feel great"
thelittlefootprint,ru0ukw,I recently started using the shampoo and find it’s helped with curl definition! Even my mom asked why my hair was so curly all of a sudden. I think it may be the extra moisture from the flaxseeds in this line
theremaebedragons7,ru0ukw,"This is what I am using now! It smells great and it makes my hair feel really soft. Although I do alternate between this and NYM Apple and Green Tea shampoo, and this conditioner and the purple maui stuff that comes in a jar. 

My dermatologist recommended switching between 2 or 3 shampoos and conditioners to help with some issues with buildup on my scalp. She said that it helps because then your scalp can't get used to any one shampoo. 

I switch conditioners to not over moisturize. I also have a protein leave in spray I use around once a month. 

Sorry for my ramble lol."
vic12344,ru0ukw,"I used this exact shampoo and conditioner 5 days a week for probably 2-3 months and noticed that my hair was getting thinner and more prone to knots. Lots of hair loss. Switched to Not Your Mother’s brand and have seen a complete turn around! Its all trial and error and I didn’t see any long term damage, but those couple of months were awful so consider that before using!"
w11f1ow3r,ru0ukw,I like the brand. Not my personal go-to but a solid backup. This and the purple one for dry/damaged
xsharmander,ru0ukw,I've tried the orange line and pink line and love them both!
jokerofthehill,rttupi,"2021 empties: haircare edition&&&Yes, I spent an entire year acting like an influencer and saving all my empties. It’s been really interesting to look back at the year, how many products I used, and how my preferences and hair have evolved over time.

First, a little bit about me and my hair: I started the curly girl method late 2019, so a little over two years ago. I have 2A-2C hair that I think is fairly average in both thickness and density. I think my hair is medium porosity at the top, and higher porosity at the ends since I do not follow the CGM 100%. I got a pretty significant haircut this summer, so my hair is currently just below clavicle length.

I do a sulfate wash about every 4-6 weeks, highlight my hair (DIY), and I occasionally heat style it, maybe once a month. To be very honest, I only do the fully curly routine every week or two. I just don’t have the time or energy to do all the scrunching and diffusing every wash day.

My usual routine (if I style CG-style): low-poo, squish to condish, completely rinse out conditioner, apply leave-in to soaking wet hair, scrunch in curl enhancer, gel, plop, more gel or mousse, then diffuse. If I don’t do the full CG deal, I just use some leave-in and mousse and air dry. I cowash maybe every third wash.

2020 empties here: [https://www.reddit.com/r/curlyhair/comments/l3jfl8/2020\_empties\_haircare\_edition/](https://www.reddit.com/r/curlyhair/comments/l3jfl8/2020_empties_haircare_edition/)

&#x200B;

**And now for the Empties!**

# Shampoo

**Ion hard water Shampoo (10.5oz)** \- nice clarifying but not stripping shampoo. I wouldn’t use it every single wash (too clarifying for that), but alternated with a cowash or gentle shampoo, it’s good. I don’t have super hard water at my house, but I did do a lot of swimming this summer and I feel like it helped keep my hair from getting too chlorinated from that.

**Johnson’s Curl Defining Shampoo (13.6oz)** \- this, along with all the other Johnson’s baby haircare items were purchased at my local grocery store on super clearance ($1-2 each). They ALL make my hair feel gritty, tangly, and just overall unpleasant. Almost felt like my hair had too much protein, although not all the products have a lot of protein. Absolutely would not recommend any of them for adult hair.

**Johnson’s Ultra Hydrating Shampoo (13.6oz)** \- same as above, made my hair feel gritty and tangly, even if I used a different brand conditioner with it.

**Giovanni Tea Tree Triple Treat Shampoo (8.5oz)** \- too stripping for my everyday use, but a nice cleanser to alternate with more gentle ones. The scent is nice in the mornings.

**MopTop Gentle Shampoo (8oz)** \- I love this stuff. It’s cleansing enough to use every wash day but not stripping. Smells good, lathers well, just a good all-around product.

**Neutrogena Anti-residue Shampoo (6oz)** \- my favorite clarifying shampoo. Absolutely stripping and absolutely would dry your hair out with consistent use, but as a once a month reset wash, it is \*chef’s kiss\*. I like the smell too.

**Living Proof Perfect Hair Day Shampoo (2oz)** \- Pricy, but no denying it’s good. Cleansing but not stripping, nice thick texture but not gloopy. If I had all the money in the world, this would be in my everyday rotation.

**Wella Oil Reflections Luminous reveal shampoo (1.7oz)** \- I got this as a sample from Ulta, and used it as a clarifying wash a few times since it has sulfates. For that purpose, it worked really well, but I would rather just use Neutrogena for the price.

# Conditioners

**Pacifica Moon Cloud overnight repair mask (8 oz)** \- Fine, but just fine. Did make my hair feel softer and smoother, but the scent is wayyyyy too strong to actually use in your hair overnight. There’s better masks out there, but if you like the scent this isn’t a bad one.

**As I Am Classic Coconut Cowash (3oz)** \- I really like this cowash - with proper scrubbing it does actually cleanse my hair. It doesn’t have enough slip for me to use as a rinse-out conditioner though.

**Johnson’s Ultra Hydrating Conditioner (13.6oz)** \- gritty, tangly, yuck.

**Simple Truth (Kroger Brand) Charcoal Conditioner (11.8oz)** \- I bought it on clearance, so I’m fairly certain this scent is discontinued, but I really, really liked this and would definitely buy other products from this line. Good slip, good moisture, but not overly heavy. Rinsed out well. Just a great everyday conditioner, and retail price is less than $5.

—I know this doesn’t look like much conditioner compared to how much shampoo I used, but I currently have several almost-empty conditioners and masks on deck :)

# Styling products

**Bigsexyhair Spray & Play hairspray (1.5oz)** \- I used this on non-curly-girl days, and it’s a good hairspray. Was my holy grail back in college when “the poof” was in lol.

**Not Your Mother’s Clean Freak dry shampoo (1.6oz)** \- good basic dry shampoo. But I’m not picky at all with dry shampoos, I just buy whatever is on sale.

**Johnson’s Shiny & Soft conditioning spray (10oz)** \- yuck feeling in my hair, and scent was very strong.

**Pantene Mousse Maximum Hold (6.6oz)** \- very much enjoyed this. Good hold, but still good volume. I usually used this over a medium-hold gel to get a little boost of hold. Cheap and effective.

# —I bought a ton of products this year, so haven't used up many.  A few stylers that I have used >75% of are:

**American Crew Firm Hold Gel (1L)** \- really good hold, but not extreme.  I find it to have a good balance of moisture and protein.  The masculine scent is present but not overwhelming. Solid product, and every once in a while the 1L bottle is like $12 at Ultra which can't be beat.

**Curlsmith Bouncy Strength Volume Foam (7.5oz)** \- I don't like this.  It has zero hold, breaks up my curl clumps, and just overall does nothing except leave residue in my hair.

**Curlsmith Featherlight Protein Cream (8oz)** \- don't like this either.  It also breaks up my curl clumps (not full on flash drying but close) and just makes my hair feel limp and sad.  I've been trying to use it up on days when I'm just air-drying and go, and it makes my hair frizzier than no product.

**Curlsmith In Shower Style Fixer (8oz)** \- also don't like.  This has STRONG hold, but it makes my hair feel gritty, dirty, and super tangly.  It makes my hair look dull, stiff, and over-styled.  I haven't actually found any Curlsmith product I do like, but maybe I'm not picking the best ones for my hair.

**Curls Blueberry Bliss leave in conditioner (8oz)** \- holy grail.  Good balance of moisture, protein, and makes my hair soft, shiny, and manageable.  Doesn't feel heavy, plays nice under every product I've tried.  Will absolutely repurchase as soon as this one runs out.

**AG Re:coil Curl Activator (6oz)** \- love it.  Doesn't have enough hold to use as a single styler (for me), but does enhance my curls under a stronger hold gel.  I can't exactly pinpoint *what* it does, but it just makes my hair look better.

# Products I used partially and am giving up on:

**Aunt Jackie’s Don’t Shrink Flaxseed Elongating Curling Gel** \- the name literally says “Elongating”, so I don’t know what I was expecting…. It made my wavy hair feel sticky and heavy and lose all shape. My hair literally never dried with this stuff - I’m talking 2 days later my hair still felt damp. Clearly not for my hair type, but others with tighter coils may love it.

**Pacifica Coco Gloss Shine Serum** \- very heavy, made my hair feel greasy, and smelled like buttered popcorn. I would rather use an oil for shine, this just weighed my hair down.

**Shea Moisture Coconut & Hibiscus Hold and Shine Moisture Mist** \- made my hair look greasy with just a couple sprays. Also left my hair with an unpleasant “protein” feeling - tangly and gritty.

**Johnson’s curl defining leave-in conditioner** \- I suffered through the shampoos and rinse out conditioner from this line, but I just couldn’t get through this leave-in. Made my hair feel like actual straw, took away any clumping, definition, or shine my hair had. Zero stars.

**And now, for the absolute worst products of the year**: Andalou Naturals Argan Oil & Shea Shampoo and Conditioner. The only redeeming quality of this is the scent, they smell like an orangesicle. Other than that, they are absolute trash. Made my hair tangly, unmanageable, straw-like, all the undesirable adjectives you can think of. I ended up using the shampoo as body wash, but even then it dried my skin out. I threw the conditioner away out of spite.

&#x200B;

# This year's ""Holy Grail Wash Day"":

MopTop Bamboo Shampoo

Any of the Briogeo deep conditioners - if I had to pick one I'd say Curl Charisma

While still in shower, apply:

Curls Blueberry Bliss leave-in

Comb through with Denman brush upside down. Pull hair away from scalp, especially above the ears so I don't look like a founding father lol

AG Re:coil curl activator

\--still hunting for the perfect gel, but right now I'd say the Dove Amplified Textures Gel--

Plop

Apply a little more gel and/or Pantene mousse

Carefully and patiently diffuse.  First hover diffuse and then gently use the diffuser bowl.  Let settle and then scrunch/fluff with just a touch of argan oil on my hands."
FeralBaby23,rtqlzz,"Your waves are definitely showing up more!
You might want to take a break from the rice water, the ends are looking like they have a little too much protein. I struggle with the same issue."
gleevee,rtqlzz,"3 months CGM progress&&&&&&Thanks!! Will keep that in mind.&&&PS my hair has high porosity but I'm not sure of the other characteristics.&&&routine:  
\-on the recent pic this was day 2 after wash day, I refreshed by wetting & scrunching my hair a bit  
\-condition my hair \~3x/week with sheamoisture daily hydration conditioner  
\-rinse  
\-sometimes follow with as i am cowash & rinse  
\-leave in conditioner- just used some of the sheamoisture daily hydration  
\-scrunch/ squish  
\-dippity do sport gel  
\-scrunch/ squish  
\-plop for 10-25 mins  
\-diffuse on medium or let air dry depending on how much time I have. focus on diffusing roots first.  
after I do a wet & refresh I don't usually plop, just let my hair do it's thing. I've been finding I get more curls the day after wash day doing this.  
I've been doing rice water rinses, kind of irregularly (mostly depending on when I make rice and remember to save the water).

&#x200B;

Thanks to all the tips and tricks from this sub!!"
_Tiny_Penguin_,rtmi43,Could you expand on your application method and how much of each you use? Your hair is literally my goals!!
fenella17,rtmi43,"Beautiful!  I hope mine looks like yours soon.  I just can't get clumps.  Love the shiny, healthy curl!"
lgoguen,rtmi43,Amazing!
sarahdella,rtmi43,"Still fine-tuning my routine, but had one of the best wash days last week with shiny, clumpy curls - thank you to everyone in this community!!&&&&&&Current routine:
- For showering, I wash my hair 2-3 times a week with NYM’s Curl Talk shampoo, (though I kind of want to switch that one out) clarify once every week or every other week with As I Am Clarifying shampoo, and scrunch in Shea Moisture Manuka Honey conditioner with my head flipped upside down before rinsing (also with my head flipped upside down, lightly scrunching out most of the water). On days that I don’t use shampoo I just scrub my fingers through my scalp to work my natural oils through roots to ends

- After I’m out of the shower, I apply Ouidad VitaCurl+ Soft Defining Mousse on my damp/wet hair using the praying hands method/combing through from roots to ends, then scrunching it in to help form my waves. I immediately follow that up with Ouidad Coil Infusion Defining Gel, scrunching in as well

- Let air dry, SOTC with my fingers lightly, then voila!"
AffectionateScene563,rtlbhz,"Don’t forget to factor in the weather in your area. If it’s dry outside try not to use products in your hair with a high amount of glycerin. That is a humectant that attracts water from the air to your hair and can cause dryness when it’s not humid enough. It sucks the moisture out of your hair instead. Try something with a bit of silicones possibly, like frizz ease or even Aussie Miracle oil with Avocado and Jojoba.&&&Yes in the warmer/more humid months but still take into account that you should protect your hair and seal it. That why silicones actually work well, and contrary to popular opinion are not bad for your hair."
BellaWhiskerKitty,rtlbhz,"Once it’s completely dry, use a little jojoba oil or aragan oil. Place two drops on your palms and then smooth it through your hair. 

It definitely helps with my frizz. But I have to be super careful to keep it away from my roots or it makes my hair look greasy. 

A little bit of water mixed with a drop of the oil in a spray bottle is another way to apply it."
ExasperatedHydrangea,rtlbhz,"I have no frizz fighting suggestions: I just let the frizz exist, because it's not a fight I'm willing to have with myself.

I came here to tell you that your whole outfit makes me smile. The tee + kitty cardigan *chef's kiss"
anonlymouse,rtlbhz,"Do you know what your porosity is? I have low porosity hair, and the frizz decreased noticeably (but it’s still present) once I started treating it appropriately. For me that was wash hot (to open the cuticles), put in conditioner or mask and let it sit, and then rinse out cool/cold (to close the cuticles and keep the moisture in). 

My scalp also itches if I let it air dry, which may or may not be related to the porosity, so I have to blow dry warm even though it’s generally recommended against. In any case I prefer a little frizz to the itching."
coconut_queen,rtlbhz,How do you make the oil mix with the water and not just sit on top?
cocoturtle1,rtlbhz,"frizz happens because the hair isn’t moisturized enough, so it tries reaching out into the air for more hydration. Try incorporating more masks in your routine, and when you’re styling, try doing it on soaking wet hair with good hold gel! And I definitely
think squish to condish will help!"
jtw3995,rtlbhz,Digging the shirt 🔥
kerrigan_olivier,rtlbhz,"You might have low porosity hair, so look for honey, aloe, and/or glycerin in the first 5 ingredients on your products ingredient list. They moisturize low porosity hair without weighing it down which should help with the frizz!"
lexiivarah,rtlbhz,"looking for some suggestions to help with frizz that won’t weigh my hair down,,, it’s a struggle☹️&&&&&&awww thanks so much!!&&&i never thought about the spray bottle option that’s a great idea thanks i’ll give it a shot!&&&i’ve done numerous quizzes and they all tell me i have high porosity hair but i’m not 100% confident about it but i’ll have to experiment with that!&&&i’ll have to try those and thank you!&&&i always style on soaking wet hair with a gel as it gets wayyy too frizzy if its damp so that definitely helps alot. do you have any recommendations for good hair masks? i’m currently using the Moroccanoil restorative hair mask as i have alot of damage from bleaching and hair dye in the past&&&thanks!🤘🏼&&&i live in canada and it’s currently freezing out but when it is warm in the summer it’s usually super humid. is it okay to use glycerin in that kind of climate?&&&i do the same thing with the hair mask although i have high porosity hair and feel like the hot water causes more frizz in the end. my scalp doesn’t really itch if i air dry but if i diffuse on the coolest setting it takes FOREVER so i try to alternate between warm and cool to speed it up a bit. do you have any recommendations for a good thermal protection? i don’t really have a good one atm.&&&i’ll have to try those out thank you!&&&the only thing that seems to help the frizz a bit is an oil based product so i try to use ones that won’t weigh down as much. when i use a leave-in it doesn’t really do much for my hair although i could just be not applying it properly 🤷🏻‍♀️. and i find if i air-dry the water still in my hair weighs it down too much so i try to diffuse or plop instead. everyone’s different!&&&i don’t have a solid routine atm but i’ll add what i can:

-Wash with As I am coconut co-wash 1x every 3 days
-I currently use the moroccanoil moisture repair conditioner and the restorative hair mask as it’s all i have but am open to cgm-approved recommendations. (i haven’t squish to condish yet but am going to start on my next wash day ) 
-1x a week i use a diy scalp scrub to get rid of any buildup 
-apply moroccanoil leave in conditioner to wet hair(open to better suggestions)
-apply a handful of garnier pure clean styling gel and squish. 
-diffuse on lowest setting (sometimes i will plop with a t-shirt overnight but i find i get better results with the diffuser) 
-pineapple overnight
-i use silk/satin sheets at night and silk scrunchies at work to keep it back"
ohwellenthusiast,rtlbhz,i’ve had some luck using the loreal elvive damage repair balm (if you think damage is a potential source for frizz). also i use dove amplified textures leave-in conditioner and it also helps me with my frizz as well as just encourages waves. good luck! your hair looks lovely regardless :)
plantsandgames,rtlbhz,"Really recommend just experimenting with some different moisturizing products over time. Oils help some, for others they're too heavy. Maybe a leave in conditioner along with nicely moisturizing shampoo/conditioner would help minimize frizz. Really though, there's no cure imo. 

Another thing that helpsnmine is if I can let it air dry with minimal environmental changes and trying not to touch after applying products out of the shower. mine gets more frizz if I end up going somewhere outside or in my car while still wet."
sammyk1082,rtlbhz,"i like to use the not your mothers curl mousse or the hask curl one while my hair is slightly damp or dry and then the hask curl jelly, theyre both very light and so good and cheap :)"
trashgrenlim,rtlbhz,"I use voodoo oil from The Mane Club and it's amazing at combatting frizziness without weighing it down too much, I put about two pumps through the mids and ends of my hair as needed"
StatusDecision,rtl6pc,"This isn’t fully a regional brand solution, but I’m an American who moved to Europe recently and I get great crossover options on iHerb"
hhbln,rtl6pc,I like the leave in creams from Garnier Ultra Doux or Garnier hair food.
roxemary,rtl6pc,"I suggest the portuguese and Spanish groups for the curly girl method and searching through their product albuns and affiliate websites. The portuguese group is super helpful (if you need help folks there do their best to explain to you in English) - search for ""caracóis saudáveis"" :)"
tea_and_infamy,rtl6pc,"Euro Wavies!&&&I've seen a lot of great lightweight styler suggestions on here (I have fine hair but a lot of it and it loves protein because bleach damage) but unfortunately a lot of them aren't available where I live (I'm currently in the Netherlands). Specifically looking for fave lightweight single stylers but any product suggestions welcome really. 

*I checked the CG reddit product google doc but there didn't seem to be much for the Netherlands 😢&&&I'll look into that, thank you!&&&I noticed iHerb has a lot of creams, gels and leave-ins but  not the mousses I'm looking for unfortunately :( maybe it's more difficult to import because it's an aerosol?"
CalmInteraction,rtl40c,This isn’t helpful but came here to say your current cut is super cute! I’m due for a haircut and clicked on this because I like the length you’ve got!
Ok_Independence_4343,rtl40c,Layers!
Previous-Ratio,rtl40c,"If you were me what would you ask my stylist to do? I know I definitely need a trim&&&&&&Omg that’s so nice, thank you ❤️❤️&&&I normally use Redken’s volumizing shampoo and conditioner, but ive just received Redken’s all soft shampoo and conditioner and the Olaplex shampoo and conditioner so I’m alternating between these three now. I wash my hair about twice a week. Afterwards i scrunch in blueberry bliss leave in conditioner every other wash."
kastorch,rtl40c,Curtain bangs!!
roxemary,rtl40c,"I like your current cut, I'd just get a trim!"
twistedguts800,rtl40c,"If you want more volume, go shorter to a bob or some layers, if you just want some change, maybe a trim and some cute bangs"
Economy_Education521,rthid8,"Personally, I break up how much of my routine is done upside down. I get my hair wet right side up, and stay right side up until it’s time to rinse shampoo out. Then I rinse upside down and apply conditioner, and rinse it upside down as well. I style almost exclusively right side up, or I feel like my curls form some weird shapes. 

The only time I apply anything upside down after rinsing is if I’m using a heavier leave-in conditioner. This helps distribute and emulsify it better, and it’s easier to avoid getting the heavy product on my roots"
cliodhnanimheadhra,rthid8,"Can I help my top layer without styling upside down?&&&Happy new year wavies!!
Just a quick question - how can I soothe my dry? damaged? dehydrated? top layer without having to wash and style upside down?

Like a lot of people on here, my underneath layers seem so hydrated and dry into beautiful silky defined waves after washing, but my top layer all the way around is straighter and seems quite dry. I haven’t used heat in years and never bleached etc, I try to take really good care of my hair!
A lot of the advice I’ve read is to wash upside down so the top layer doesn’t get all the hot water it usually would (I know it’s probably just years of hot water, towels, brushing, more styling than the rest before I started treating it better, and hats and sleeping and daily life etc) but my hair looks so much better and is more manageable when I wash and style upright. 
Doing everything upside down just means tangles and more frequent washing for me and it just doesn’t look as good imo. 
And washing upside down and switching to styling upright means having to detangle again and recondition when I’m running cold water over it - is this my only option??
Has anyone had success with any other techniques/products/habits?

Thanks in advance! :)"
lgoguen,rthid8,Olaplex no 3 is great for damage :)
