index,id,comments
BlinkerBeforeBrake,njofjy,"Gratz on the diffuser! It took forever for me to find a way to use it that gave me the look I wanted, but it was so worth it"
Signal-Commercial,njofjy,Goals!
grainscometrue,njofjy,What diffuser did you use?
jakecarm,njofjy,"Looks great, this is exactly what I want my waves to turn out like!"
lunamoth11,njofjy,"Love My Diffuser!&&&&&&I have low porosity, fine hair — and a lot of it! I also highlight my hair. 

I use Davines “NouNou” shampoo & conditioner. Products are Innersense “I Create Volume” & “I Create Waves” Sea Salt Spray. 

Still working out my style routine, but I’ve been trying to “squish to condish” / plop. I’m not sure if I’m doing it correctly, but this day was a good result!!&&&This one! Very basic, and fits any dryer. 

https://www.amazon.com/gp/aw/d/B07S5CXH95?psc=1&ref=ppx_pop_mob_b_asin_title&&&Thanks so much! I got a very basic diffuser off Amazon - I was skeptical about them so I didn’t want to spend much. It seems to do the trick!

https://www.amazon.com/gp/aw/d/B07S5CXH95?psc=1&ref=ppx_pop_mob_b_asin_title"
CallMeKatt78,njjkl2,"Flat/straight roots: Years of high-tight ponytails. 2a/2b&&&Most days my waves don't really start until about the top to mid portion of my ear. However, there are days I get wave almost to the root with most of my hair so I know the roots and high-mids can achieve waves. I have only been really aware that my hair isn't just straight and frizzy within the last 2 months.  Could years of high and tight ponytails be part of the reason for it?

routine:  Kinky-Curly, Knot Today, Natural Leave In / Detangler, TIGI Catwalk Curls Rock Amplifier, and Cantu Wave Whip Curling Mousse. Typically 100% air dryer.&&&I had a feeling that might be the case on the root area. Thanks for the response."
chai-means-tea,njjkl2,"You could try washing your hair, conditioning and applying products by flipping your hair upside down.  

Also, this seems to be common for most of us wavies. The hair closer to the scalp is different from the ends.   
I have 2b waves closer to the scalp, 2c mids and 3a ends now when my hair is long.

When my hair was short it was almost straight. It’s just crazy.🤷🏻‍♀️"
kbsths99,njjdsw,"Can't get rid of frizz&&&Medium/short hair, medium waves, use rosewater shampoo, coconut milk conditioner, and spray-in anti frizz serum but it doesn't seem to help at all. I've tried using it with damp hair, wet hair, dry hair....I've used both natural drying, blow dryer, and a half/half method. I don't use any other hair products at the moment. It seems no matter what I do or try my hair never has that sleek and shiny clean look to it, it's always surrounded by a layer of frizz."
Mochi0726,njj932,"I need help with a specific product! Any advice?&&&I just picked up Living Proof curl enhancer for waves. 

The directions say apply to WET hair root to tip and dry as usual.

I have very thick wavy hair that I think is high/medium porosity. 

I applied the product to my hair wet and then used Quidad advances heat and humidity gel to get a little more hold

IT TOOK FOREVER TO DRY.. even with a diffuser. 
I don’t have that kind of wait time. Is this product right for me? The end result was NO cast at all and frizzy ish hair. 

Please help!"
fstar1524,njj932,"I bought the travel size of the enhancer, definer and elongater and the curl definer worked better with gel on my waves. I'd use the enhancer on days I would braid my hair/put it in a bun to just use up the product."
Fucknuggetry,njfgk0,"Hey there friend!
I totally get it, I also just got into the whole wavy thing and I have the same situation with my hair (read: bleach!) 

I’m from India and my hair is pretty thick. A ton of the products I bought are a bit too light for me and should work for you. My job pays well so I have a ton of products that I tried that are barely used. If you’d like to know more about them, or buy them from me cheap so I can dry some other things, let me know! 

Currently I have a light spray gel (works really well!), kinky curl custard (really nice when spread thinly with praying hands while soaking wet. Helps internal “integrity”) and some mousse from “Not your mothers.” Let me know if you want more in depth reviews or if you want to try them! I’d send you the whole lot for $30 plus shipping. Or I can send you to some buy and sell groups 😊"
rhinosuss,njfgk0,John Frieda air dry waves styling foam is really good for fine hair
trappercomplex,njfgk0,"Leave-ins and styling products for fine, thin, high-porosity hair? (explanation in comments)&&&&&&Since realizing my hair is wavy a few weeks ago, I've decided to rebuild my hair care routine from the ground up. The products I used before all contained protein, causing brittle, strawlike ends and lots of breakage (my city has hard water, which def makes this worse). My hair is very high porosity, and a lot of it has been chemically damaged (bleach and semi-permanent dye). Also - I gave myself a mullet/shag cut a year ago, and just recently decided to grow out the front. My hair in the back is the longest it's ever been, but in the front it's still chin-length and the waves around my face are much looser than in the back.   
So far I've used NYM Matcha Apple Blossom shampoo and conditioner for a few washes, and my hair is reacting well to a drying in a t-shirt and a no-brush policy. However, all of my old leave-ins are oil-heavy and weigh down my hair. I'm looking for protein-free leave-in conditioners and mousses/gels for fine, high-porosity hair. Any suggestions are welcome! Thanks!"
whit_flinn,njfgk0,"My favs are ecoslay orange marmalade (curl stimulator/light gel), innersense products (foam and gel) and I love kinky curly not today for a leave in. It’s my fav! I’m 2a low porosity fine hair as well.

HE is good cheaper mouse and Ive heard great things on here about ouidad line for wavy hair/climate control line and also about garnier hair foods line."
jo_bani,njfa2q,"I don't have this issue exactly so I'll keep my input limited, but if zinc pyrithione helps you then you might take a look at the As I Am Dry and Itchy scalp care line. I use the cowash, and while I had only very minor flake issues it seems to have helped a ton. It might work to use it in rotation with whatever shampoo currently works for your scalp issues so that you're overall drying your hair out less. 

Also. I tried using the NYM matcha and apple blossom shampoo and for whatever reason it made my scalp super itchy. I don't know if that could be it at all, 1) because you're using the mask, not the shampoo and 2) I don't even know what I was reacting to, but I thought I'd throw it out there."
justukyte,njfa2q,"I also have recurring seborrheic dermatitis. I mostly had flare ups if I washed my hair in the evening and went to sleep with damp hair. Getting up early and wash it in the morning helped to tone it down. My scalp used to be prone to greasiness and itchiness up to a point where I used clarifying or aggressive shampoos nearly every wash, such as Ducray Kelual DS. Switching shampoos to more gentler ones helped over time. Since my scalp is prone to build up, I still use sulphate shampoos every now and then, mixing in CGM shampoos and other products as well. But I'd say it's less about the products and more about your hair washing routine.

Properly massaging all your scalp with your fingers while shampooing is very important. Do this for at least 2 minutes and you'll see the results immediately, shampooing becomes less frequent and you will need less product.

I'd say you should use dandruff shampoos at least until the flare ups are gone, but try to do it less and less frequently in order to avoid scalp dryness which in turn provokes your scalp to produce more oil and therefore greasiness. Use it up to 2 times a week, then once every 1-2 weeks and afterwards once a month once it goes down. Use gentler products inbetween. 

Also, from personal experience, cutting down and eliminating ***sugar*** from food helped reduce scalp greasiness and itchiness the most."
v0dkamom,njfa2q,"Scalp Issues & WGM&&&Hey everyone, I'm pretty new to WGM and have begun experimenting. Going sulfate-free and focusing on adding a lot of moisture to my hair has helped a ton already, my hair feels a lot softer and healthier (although I still have to cut off some damage.) However, I've always struggled with scalp issues. I've been searching and haven't found what I'm looking for on natural beauty subs, so let me know if this is not the right place for this question.

I've always had dandruff and an itchy scalp. Dandruff shampoos can help calm it down, but my scalp usually gets used to it and gets crazy again. And many of those shampoos can be very stripping for my (wavy 2A-2B) hair. 

I'm really confused... not sure the root cause (overproduction of sebum? pH imbalance? yeast/bacteria? just bad sensitive problematic skin genes?) or how to go about fixing it, especially in conjunction with my attempts at WGM. I had seborrheic dermatitis on my face and fixed it with a zinc pyrithione cleanser. 

Any help or advice would be greatly greatly appreciated. 

More info on my (new) routine: I've switched to sulfate-free shampoo (Hask Coconut Oil Shampoo) and use that almost exclusively, as well as sulfate and paraben-free conditioner (Hask Protein Conditioner) and occasional deep conditioning (NYM Naturals Green Tea/Apple Blossom Deep Conditioner). I've been experimenting with drying/styling techniques and a few products. I'm occasionally using my old Dove dandruff shampoo as a clarifying wash, but that's not cutting it for the scalp issues.&&&Thank you! Ugh, it's such a tough problem to balance with my attempts to improve my hair health. I'm sure the scalp/skin issues and overall hair health are related, I just don't know how exactly. I agree, I probably need to address the inflammation first."
TastyAlpacasRUs,njem4q,"Is Cream and Gel Too Much For Me?&&&So this is a simple troubleshooting post. 

I'm pretty sure cream and gel are too much for my hair, but I wanted to ask you all. 

I have hair on the finer side with some coarse strands. I have a lot of hair (as I've been told). 

I wash my hair every other day or else my hair gets extremely greasy, and I cleaned my hair once a week. 

I do not use curly girl approved products necessarily, but I am happy with what I use. I just am needing to find the perfect combo with my products, and how to style best for my hair. 

As you can see I'm type 2 (not necessarily sure the specifics if I'm A, B, or C or a mix). 

I wash my hair with BB curl moisture shampoo, condition with BB curl conditioner, and I usually massage my scalp with a scalp massager for the shampoo and use a denman brush to distribute the conditioner. In this picture specifically, after the shower I put in BB curl cream with a denman brush then layered it with Ouidad Humidity gel. 

It definitely did not give me as much volume as just using my conditioner as a leave-in with mousse or gel. I feel mousse dries my hair too much or moreover it does NOT have enough hold. So I'm trying to find out how to work this. Also, I typically plop upside down but I feel that microplopping would be more beneficial since I have a specific way I like to split my hair (and because I have front straight bangs). 

I currently have shea moisture manuka honey and yogurt protein treatment, and I also have Briogeo Don't Despair Repair Hair mask. Not sure if I need to use both of those or either or, and how many times I should use them. I also got a haircut recently (2 inches cut off), and my hair is MUCH better than what it was.

Any tips or tricks would be helpful such as if I should use a leave-in, mousse, gel, cream, a mix, etc.... 

[Curl Cream + Gel hair](http://imgur.com/a/w48G5WF)"
Hapito_,njd3wm,I use the curl talk mousse and i definitely understand that gross feeling you are talking about.
em7070,njd3wm,"New to CGM, Hair feels gross after a few hours after SOTC&&&&&&Thank you for the suggestions! Any recommendation for a low porosity curl cream that you’ve found useful?&&&Routine: Shampoo with NYM Blue Sea Kelp, condition with Kinky Curly Knot Today and rinse it out. Wet brush in shower, get get out excess with microfiber towel. Prayer hands and scrunch Aussie Instant Freeze (also tried NYM Curl Talk Mousse but it felt even worse). Plop for like 30 minutes and air dry. Airy takes 5+ hours to air dry, and I commonly sleep with it wet and wake up still slightly wet (so hasn’t worked well with a pineapple). Once it’s finally dry I SOTC and it looks nice but after a few hours it’s frizzy and feels coated in product. 

Overall having a hard time with the hair feeling bad when it’s normally very soft product free, and trying to figure out best method for drying. Tried diffusing but after 20 minutes on medium heat barely any water was out and I quit. Very open to any tips, I read so many of the intro articles and product suggestions and just started with these."
hollykins,njd3wm,"That sounds really similar to what I experience! My 2A hair takes FOREVER to dry and I figure that's one of the big reasons the waves fall out after a few hours once the cast is scrunched - all that extra water weight, maybe?

I haven't figured the perfect routine yet, but here is the routine that has helped most so far:

* Apply product (curl cream) soaking wet and only plop for a few minutes while I'm right out of the shower and applying skincare etc.
* Take hair out of plop and apply gel
* Microplop with microfiber towel and then apply more gel
* Immediately diffuse \~20 min until it's about \~50% dry and then air dry the rest of the way - and the method of diffusing matters for me. I need to hover diffuse to get my roots/middle lengths less wet before going into the usual pixie diffusing (I usually do hover diffuse \~10-15 min, then do 2-3 rounds of pixie diffusing depending on how much time I have and how sick I am of holding the blow-dryer at that point)
* I've also been experimenting with hairspray and, honestly, it helps - I tend to hairspray it after I'm done diffusing, before air-drying the rest of the way.

I also will sleep in the cast - works just fine as long as I do a bit of a refresh when I'm up in the morning with some extra curl cream and hairspray!"
tiny_al,njd3wm,"I’m not certain, but if your hair feels super coated in product, it’s possible that you have low porosity hair but you’re using products not suited for that type. 

Read the Byrdie article on hair porosity!"
Accomplished_Toe_654,njbll8,"Leave in Conditioner&&&I have low porosity hair. Any leave in conditioner recommendations?&&&Thanks, I'll check it out!!"
mks93,njbll8,I also absolutely love this one. It’s been a game changer for me!
pjj165,njbll8,Curls blueberry bliss is a nice one
Maleficent-Shoe-4225,njbcp9,"I'd stop mousse. I tried to do gel mouse gel for a few washes but found it didn't add any definition and my hair, like yours, doesn't seem to struggle with volume. I went back to gel, and LOTS of it. Try the bowl method when styling and try to style straight after sower or even whilst in the shower tray still. I also know that microplopping is not good for anything but frizz in my v dense, long, 2a/b/c hair"
chloej_00,njbcp9,Can’t get much definition. Does anyone have any products they recommend to define waves?&&&&&&I just tried the squish to condish method today and OMG!!! The difference it’s made to my definition is amazing. Definitely going to be doing it every time I wash my hair. Thanks so much for the tip!&&&Ooh thanks so much I’m gonna give it a go. I never even considered that :)&&&Thanks so much :) hoping to find a product that can give me more definition just not sure what to try&&&I’ve been doing this with the ECO style olive oil gel but find sometimes my hair goes stringy from it. Do u have any other gels you recommend? :)&&&Thank you!! I agree mousse just makes my hair very odd looking&&&I apply mousse and gel to soaking wet hair but not getting any definition
definitelynotadda,njbcp9,I second this!
hhwoe,njbcp9,"LOAD UP on gel! don’t touch at all until it’s totally dry, and then “scrunch out the crunch”."
official_koda_,njbcp9,Do you apply product already? And do you apply it to soaking wet hair or damp?
pjj165,njbcp9,"I find that doing a really good “squish to condish” with lots of conditioner and water while in the shower helps to form bigger curl clumps, and then carefully apply the styling products trying not to disturb them too much"
rapunzlvr,njbcp9,Beautiful long waves!!
xosammtastic,njbcp9,"I find this works, too. I tried to skip that step once and my waves were way less defined"
Ineedavodka2019,nj9t7z,I do a pineapple on top of my head when I workout and sleep. Then I just use some water from a spray bottle and leave in conditioner to refresh after.
Oreneta_voladora,nj9t7z,"Any workout hairstyles that doest ruin your waves?&&& I've been starting to work out recently and don't really know what do do with my hair. My previous go to was a sleek ponytail but that compleately flattens my waves.

Braids also do the same thing, since I have to brush my hair to do them and that I a major no for my hair.

I've lately been trying out pinning my top hair back and having two loose ponytails, but I feel like even that way it moves around too much and creates frizz.

Any wavy friendly workout hairstyles??&&&I have the exact same feeling, "" I should work out but my hair looks so good today...""&&&Did you tie it up with a hair tie? I find that strips my hair"
Wise_Date_5357,nj9t7z,You could try a very loose bun I guess with it just sort of twisted? Maybe clipped into place or something instead of an elastic? I haven’t tried this but I’m curious what others say about this too as I’ve been avoiding the gym on good hair days haha
beverlyhillss,nj9t7z,"Try the ponytail holders that are like plastic springs. They're made of plastic or rubber or something, and you'd think that they would pull on your hair and be uncomfortable, but they aren't. I'm not sure what they're called but they've changed my life. They don't make a dent in your hair somehow and they hold on better than regular scrunchies or hair ties, for me at least."
inu-neko,nj9t7z,"When my hair was long, I always went for a loose, messy bun. It enhanced my waves."
wanderlusthippie-,nj9t7z,i did a low ponytail
CedarMountainTop,nj8emu,"First off, I think that in general your hair looks good. You have done an excellent job of making sure that you don't have a lot of frizz, which is a great achievement. Next, you posted 9 pictures and your hair looks very different. I think that picture 3 in the green t-shirt looks idea. Picture 1 is the least idea, b/c I don't see a lot of curls or waves. You need more clumping. Instead of doing the denman: Try squish to condish to get the curls to lump and then bowl method to rinse (end up with like 6-8 curl clumps for whole head) then use praying hands to distribute the product and clump again. You should feel some slip on. Then plop or air dry/diffuse. If you aren't getting a cast, it's probably b/c the products you use don't make a cast. I agree with others that many of your pictures look like your hair is more weighed down than I like it. I personally have fine, low porosity hair and can't use any shea or cantu products. They never casted and they weighed down my hair. Google around (youtube?) for someone with your hair type (fine, medium, thick) and porosity, preferably with the same hardness of water in your area whose hair you like and see what products they are using. Good luck!"
No_Abbreviations2051,nj8emu,"Need help styling my hair (explanation in comment section)&&&&&&Do you recommend any products or techniques to help with it?&&&Hi everyone. I’m semi new to the wavy hair routine and only been doing it for about 3 month now (off and on) and I just get really frustrated because 98% of the time my hair looks like this. Recently I think I’ve finally figured out what products my hair likes and how much although I’m sure there still room to improve and I use Shea moisture shampoo and conditioner, Cantu leave in as well at Shea moisture strengthen and style cream and I really think my hair likes it! I’ve tried deep conditioning and trying different styling techniques. I have the denman brush I bought a diffuser. I have done upside down styling (although I really don’t like it) and when its still wet it looks good but it never gets a cast despite a gel or a moose and the second day it looks stringy and not at all wavy. I sleep in a pineapple with a satin scarf and a silk pillowcase. I just feel like I’m not doing anything right! I get frustrated like this and convince myself I don’t have wavy hair, however, I do have the signs for even 2a hair so I just am frustrated and need help 😂"
TastyAlpacasRUs,nj8emu,"Like everyone else has said, your hair looks like it is weighed down. 

For myself, whenever I use a cream my hair gets weighed down and looks like what is in the pictures.

I find that most type 2 hair don't use cream really. Especially since it can weigh down quite easily. If using less doesn't help, then maybe try a leave-in and gel combo or a leave-in and mousse combo."
inu-neko,nj8emu,"Looks weighed down to me, and crunchy with excess product."
spicymothballs,nj8emu,"i find cantu products to be too heavy for my hair and they can cause it to be weighed down and look stringy so i’d recommended swapping that for something more lightweight but that being said, if you feel like theyre working for you then go ahead! for your second day are you doing any kind of refresh? i find it helpful to spray my hair with water or water mixed with a bit of conditioner and scrunch to wake back up the waves a bit"
Affectionate_Group_9,nj7tg7,Gorgeous!!!
FittedSheets88,nj7tg7,"I have a daughter with wavy hair, how do I get it to this level?! (Single father, grew up with short hair so never knew the struggle. Please be kind!)"
ImaCoolMom1974,nj7tg7,So pretty!!!
TheMadeline,nj7tg7,"Good wave day!&&&&&&Im not sure how old she is and I don’t know a lot about kid hair care, but what worked for me was:

- stop brushing it except while it’s wet in the shower. Brushing dry will just make it fluffy. 

- while it’s wet, flip head upside down and scrunch it up towards my scalp to help the curl/wave clumps form. (I usually add gel at this point but for a kid maybe mousse would be better so she doesn’t have to deal with crunchy hair)

- instead of towelling my hair dry, I gently squeeze the water out with an old cotton t-shirt (this is a lot gentler and won’t disrupt the curl clumps). I also do this with my head upside down using a scrunching motion. 

I also usually plop my hair (dump it upside down onto a t-shirt and tie it to my head while it partially dries) but for a kid you could maybe try a silk bonnet or just blow dry with a diffuser if she’ll sit still for that. 

Hope this helps!&&&Routine:

Wash with L’Oréal EverSleek

Condition with Tresemmé Botanique Nourish and Replenish (upside down, then finger comb through and scrunch a bunch)

Scrunch in a handful of Dippity Do xxtreme hold gel

Plop for a bit, air dry the rest of the way, scrunch out the crunch once fully dry"
Zanahoria11,nj7tg7,You sound like a great dad and your daughter is lucky to have you!!
catastrafi,nj7tg7,WOW
kenyacarter,nj7tg7,Your waves are so gorgeous I’m so jealous that’s definitely goals for me I could only get that with manipulation it’s almost curls really that’s what I want 😍🥰❤️💕🤗
laurab382,nj7tg7,Hair twin!!! Except your waves/curls look awesome and I'm still a frizzy mess. I just started using gel and it's made a massive difference. I didn't think I was curly enough for it. Will try this gel you mentioned
mks93,nj7tg7,Looks great!
random1person,nj7tg7,"Wow, looks perfect"
roundy_yums,nj7tg7,Really beautiful!
ElectricalPirate14,nj7hor,"I've heard that if you're going to diffuse it's best to do it right after 15-20 minutes of plopping and then let it air dry the rest of the way. Also try putting in a little more mousse after you plop maybe? But don't scrunch too hard, you can do an open palm scrunch."
inu-neko,nj7hor,Too many steps
keyweebeewee,nj7hor,"Head and shoulders royal oils shampoo and conditioner Squeeze excess water out and then applied Garnier fructis sleek and shine leave in conditioner Lightly scrunched and plopped in a cotton t shirt for 5 hours and it was still damp Detangled and used got to be air dry curl mousse, diffused&&&&&&Ok thank you so much for the advice! Still a big noob to all this&&&Got 2 Be curl air dry mousse&&&Yeah I accidentally went to bed with the plop on, I'll try these techniques thanks you!&&&Struggling to get individual waves or as I've found out my hair also will curl easily. I guess I'm not sure how to scrunch and get defined sections without the rest of my hair higher up looking unbrushed and tangled.&&&???"
mks93,nj7hor,Which mousse did you use? I’ve found some leave more residue than others.
softblackstar,nj7hor,"Try applying your products in very wet hair (soaking wet) but gently glazing them over hair and scrunching the product in (kinda like squish to condish). Then either microplop, or plop for way less time (15-20 mins). I usually diffuse after that, because my hair would take forever to air dry. Do not detangle after plopping, only when the conditioner is in your hair."
spicymothballs,nj7hor,try switching to a lightweight gel instead of a mousse
Ladonnacinica,nj0aa2,"Yeah, I had that happen to me when it gets really humid and hot. And nothing is changed in my routine. My hair turns much wavier. 

On the other hand, during winter it can get damaged because of the bitter cold and get flat. 

Our hair type is a very fragile and volatile type."
Pey777,nj0aa2,"Does anyone’s hair get really curly in the summer even if you use exactly the same routine? Why?&&&Title is pretty self explanatory. I started modified CG almost exactly a year ago (woo!). I went from being maybe 2a, with super frizzy and uncooperative hair (the first few months of doing CG I wasn’t even sure if it was worth it) to a pretty consistent 2b/c (hard to say exactly what type, typing is a bit arbitrary imo). Summer humidity used to be my mortal enemy, but now that it is summer/spring again, my hair has been thriving! My hair has gradually gotten curlier over the past year, but with the warmer weather It made almost an overnight jump to like 3a/b (once again, arbitrary). Same thing when I went to the beach a little bit ago— I could have styled my hair with Elmers glue and it would have been a great hair day!

The question is, why? I have heard it is the humidity. I guess that sort of makes sense because water makes your hair go back to its natural curl pattern. But at the same time, if I use water to refresh during the winter, it doesn’t just curl up into 3a curls!&&&Damn it I’m moving up east for college 

Bye luscious curls 😭👋"
Wavyhaircare,nj0aa2,"My understanding is that our hair always balancse out its moisture level with the air moisture level. So regardless of what we try to do with products, our hair is going to be dryer in dry climates than it is in humid climates. 

So in the winter, you wet your hair, but as it dries it will get more dried out due to balancing out with the dry winter air. Where in the summer it will work to match the humidity level in the air and stay better hydrated."
sabros_we,nj0aa2,I noticed the same thing but I'm thinking it might have something to do with my hair drying way faster in spring/summer and not being weighed down by the water for as long. I barely have waves anyway and during winter my hair was basically straight. Now all of a sudden the little waves come back :D
thebluewitch,nj0aa2,"I've found my waves get more pronounced after a couple hours of yardwork. Not just the humidity, but sweat. 

I actually used to think I had straight frizzy hair, until working a busy warehouse sale and ending up with curls in the sweaty hair that slipped out of the ponytail. I was almost 40."
Cheyenne_Simington,nit6hd,Have any of you guys tried the Maria CurlyHair ebooks? She’s a YouTuber&&&
Internet-Just,nir4sj,"How to protect against humidity?&&&This 30°C weather is not friends with my doggone hair! How do I make sure it don’t puff up, lose texture, etc"
MitziMala,nir4sj,"Anti humectants, like oils to seal cuticles"
scuseme7,nimkk1,Looks amazing!
squawkamolee,nimkk1,"Accidental good hair day&&&&&&Routine: briefly washed my hair in a sink with herbal essences Moroccan My Shine, threw it up in a towel for 10 min, took that out, and then went to bed&&&If anyone knows of any really light conditioners? I’m starting to think my hair just gets weighed down really easily"
ArcaneAddiction,nimc8j,"Not bad today&&&&&&Maybe I found my routine?

Wash day routine:

1. Shampoo and condioner—OGX Coconut Miracle Oil/OGX Thick & Full Biotin and Collagen.
2. Plopped for a few min once out of the shower.
3. Finger-combed hair and put in 4 quarter-sized dabs of OGX Curling Perfection by brushing it through with my fingers. Scrunched all over.
4. Plopped for about 10 more minutes.
5. Un-plopped, scrunched some more.
6. Applied Design Essentials Avocado & Almond Oil Curl Defining Mousse with praying hands.
7. Pixie diffused til about 60% dry.
8. Scrunched, then added more curl defining cream
9. Pixi diffused til about 70% dry.
10.  Air dried the rest of the way. 

There is a bit more frizz than I'd like, but I have no hair oil. Also, I am aware that both my styling products have silicone in them. I have no cash for new products at the moment, unfortunately.

Hair: Thick, a little below medium density, and normal porosity."
doodgaysir,nilrhb,I would let them grow out a bit more and then get your natural faded into the blonde! It’ll be a gorg transition!
inu-neko,nilrhb,"Since it’s already damaged, you might as well dye it a fun color!"
littlebirdsaved,nilrhb,"Should I cut my bleached ends?&&&&&&[something like that ](https://i.pinimg.com/474x/43/ca/23/43ca230b58f289145faac679a87bfa30.jpg)

They were already trimmed, but they are basically burnt with bleach and no amount of treatments helps. I used to have short hair, so I’m thinking maybe it would be better to start from short and let them grow healthy"
softblackstar,nilrhb,"It's up to you, I think another option is getting a trim to get rid of the most damaged parts (although it doesn't look bad at all in your photo), and perhaps getting some semi-permanent dye to match your natural color, so the transition wouldn't be so stark. It probably depends on how short you're willing to cut your hair, blending in the ends will allow you to grow it out and gradually get rid of the bleached lengths."
