index,id,comments
GroceryListGenerator,l9v9i1,Do you ever use curl cream instead of mousse? Does it make a difference?
Istinline,l9v9i1,It could be your routine contains too much moisture and is heavy for your hair. Dropping curls can also be caused by humectants like glycerin in your products. What’s your porosity and hair texture?
Koakage,l9v9i1,"I feel like my 2a waves are “deflating” when drying&&&&&&Low porosity and my hair is like meduim thickness but on the thicker side&&&Routine: I wash with the Head and Shoulders classic shampoo (I have dandruff) and then i wring out my hair, and use praying hands and squish to condish with the Aussie Deep Conditioner. I then brush through my hair and fully rinse before using praying hands and lots of scrunching with Not Your Mother’s Curl Talk mousse. I then plop for 15 mins and let it air dry the rest if the time. Two hours later I scrunched out the crunch."
Sj5098,l9v9i1,"Lack of protein can cause your waves to drop. Fine hair lurrrvvess protein and is usually deficient so try an olaplex no.3 and a protein masque or rice wash.

Heavy products can also weigh down your hair so try to avoid butters or heavy oils.

Last thing to check is glycerin can cause frizz and drop at low temperatures so check your dew points if your products contain glycerin."
dani_moniq,l9v9i1,"The conditioner may be too heavy, but also waves fall easily and that’s the nature of the beast! Lol"
Sj5098,l9tuw7,"Looks like a lack of protein, especially if you have fine hair. Using such a moisturising product may have tipped your moisture balance. I would maybe try a protein masque and see if it makes a difference.

Edit: seen you have no protein in your routine. Check out a protein moisture balance video or two. Protein is super important especially for fine hair which needs it more. Maybe try a rice wash or a protein masque and olaplex no.3 this should balance your hair nicely :)"
ardnasak,l9tuw7,"As I Am Coconut Cowash made my hair look super frizzy and less wavy. Any explanation for this?&&&&&&Thank you for your help! I'll give it a shot.&&&Does your hair do something similar to this? I haven't used coconut oil in a long time, so I can't remember how my hair reacted before.&&&Hi! I've been doing the curly girl method for about a month now. I'm still working on building my routine and trying out different products. My hair is very fine, baby soft, but fairly high density. I think my hair may be low porosity as well, but I'm honestly not sure.

Typical routine:
-Shampoo and condition with NYM Blue Sea Kale and Coconut Water shampoo and conditioner when hair feels/looks greasy (~2-3x/week)
-Brush conditioner through hair with wet brush
-Squish to condish
-Sometimes water wash on days in between, sometimes conditioning with NYM after
-Squeeze out excess water with t-shirt
-Wrap in microfiber towel for 30 min or so
-Air dry

Today I did all the same things as above, but used the As I Am Coconut Cowash instead of the NYM shampoo. I liked how smooth it made my hair feel and it seemed like my hair was clumping better when it was wet, but now that it's dry, it just looks very frizzy and not as wavy as usual. Could this be a reaction to the coconut oil in it? Like a protein sensitivity thing? None of the other products in my routine contain protein.

Thanks for your help!"
dani_moniq,l9tuw7,Cowash is usually too heavy for most wavies
theflipflopqueen,l9tuw7,My hair HATES coconut
NewScratch9716,l9tqiu,Can I turn this into an Afro?&&&
WeAreStarless,l9tqiu,"since an afro is type 4 hair and you can't change your hair type, no, you can't turn that into an afro"
entropic_emma,l9t7z3,"had a nice hair day yesterday after a wash & apple cider vinegar rinse!&&&&&&awww thank you so much! [This](https://www.instagram.com/p/CB_hbdVJCr9/?igshid=bm7dxi1rf8rv) is a method I learned from @powerdomi (Dominique) on instagram. also I feel you, I've been growing my hair from shoulder length for around a year and a half!&&&Routine for this wash day: 

- very carefully brush through hair upside down directly before shower (I've found that this prevents knots better than combing in the shower)

- Wash upside down with Love Beauty & Planet lilac and clove shampoo and conditioner (cgm approved), squishing in the conditioner. I wash out the conditioner most of the way, but don't stress about leaving a little in 

- dip hair up to the root in a shallow bowl of water mixed with approximately a tablespoon of unfiltered apple cider vinegar (containing ""the mother"")

- scrunch out the ACV over the bowl so it catches the water, repeat until satisfied with large clumps (ACV rinses give me much better clumps than usual!) 

- after the final dip in the ACV, prayer hands & scrunch in Garnier Pure Clean styling gel

- try not to touch while drying, except to flip hair at the root for improved volume

- SOTC after hair is dry 

I have fine hair, mainly 2A, possibly 2B on a good day, medium density (not thick, but not super thin), and I think somewhat high porosity."
whit_flinn,l9t7z3,"This is interesting, I usually wash the ACV all the way out, maybe I will try this my next wash. Your hair is stunning!! My hair is shoulder length rn and I am growing it out but it takes forever. Anyway congrats!"
Wavy-and-wispy,l9oz7p,"Layers are life for my waves. I get more definition, juicy clumps, and the back of my hair looks better. I’ve found layers give me way more volume and shape."
goyangi_nero,l9oz7p,"my hair is on the thinner side and my issue is the ends tend to look stringy about halfway through the day. i'm concerned about layers emphasizing that stringy look towards the bottom of my hair. 

have you had any issues with how the bottom of your hair looks like compared to the rest of your layers?"
neverseektotell,l9oz7p,"I have a stick straight crown, and really curly face framing pieces & underside. The only way I can make it look blended and decent is much shorter layers at the crown where it doesn’t curl."
spacecowbcy,l9oz7p,"layers in wavy/curly hair&&&what are your thoughts/experiences with layers in wavy/curly hair? do you find it adds more volume and looks great, or does it leave your hair scraggly with a loss of curl definition?"
alli3194,l9nsdi,"Do you change what products you use depending on the season?&&&Hi all! I have been doing CGM for a year and a half and still trying to figure it out! All I know is I am ballpark in the 2B/C range. 

I have had some really great wash days since starting CGM, but I have been noticing that most of my good wash days are in the summer months. Lately I have been struggling to get my usual success products to work for me. My curls are stretched out and my hair will fall flat in a few hours.  Lately, whenever I use gel it will tangle my hair instead of keep the shape. My routine is below:

- I clarify once a week with Suave Daily Clarifying shampoo and use a deep conditioner/masque afterwards. I rotate between these three:
      *Shea Moisture Manuka Honey & Yogurt Hydrate + Repair Protein Power Treatment
      *Curl Junkie Repair Me! Reconstructive Hair Treatment
      *Shea Moisture Jamacain Black Castor Oil Strengthen & Restore Treatment Masque (this one usually works the best for me)

- on a normal wash day, I use NYM Tahitian Gardenia Flower & Mango Butter shampoo and Tresemmé Botanique Nourish and Replenish coconut and aloe vera conditioner.

After both types of wash days, I will immediately run Curls Blueberry Bliss Reparative Leave-In Conditioner and plop with a cotton t-shirt for 15-20 minutes. Once I am done plopping is when I add Bioterra Defining Gel (if I choose to do so). I always style upright (upside down turns into a tangled disaster) and air dry my hair. 

If anybody has any insight into how I can get my lovely waves back, I would appreciate it! 

Thank you!"
neverseektotell,l9nsdi,"I deep condition once a week in the winter, and I cowash much more (only wash with shampoo once every two months, instead of two weeks) and then condition again afterwards, and then don’t rinse out all of the conditioner (aiming for that seaweed feel). 

Whereas in the summer, I barely DC at all and rinse out all conditioner."
ImpressiveExchange9,l9ndjw,"Day 2 hair is always a mess&&&Even if my 2C hair stays wavy, it looks like it need a comb. If I comb it though it turns into a puff ball and it’s extremely thick so wetting it a little does 0 good unless I really wet it, and then I might as well wash again. :/ advice? 

I’ve tried pineapple but it doesn’t do any good."
LPJCB,l9mvos,"Been very impressed with Ecoslay Orange Marmalade!&&&&&&My routine: wash with Giovanni tea tree shampoo, condition with mop top daily conditioner, let sit while I do the rest of my shower. De-tangle using Denman brush. Rinse out completely upside down doing squish to condish. I then applied kinky curly knot today leave-in by glazing, flipping my hair over, glazing on the underside, then gently flipping back. I then did the same application with the orange marmalade, then squished in for a minute or so. Each pump is only a small amount so I used maybe 6-7 pumps?? I also attempted “the bowl method” to keep adding water in while I squished. I then plopped in a micro fiber towel for 30ish minutes. I did feel like it needed a little more hold, so I glazed a little bit of treluxe Hi! Definition gel. I hover diffused on my roots and diffused sections of hair until it was maybe 60-70% dry then air dried. I went to bed (I sleep in a buff) and this is what my hair looked like in the morning after scrunching out the crunch. 

What I like about the Orange Marmalade is that it feels like it keeps my hair moisturized but doesn’t hold on to SO much water so that my hair takes a million years to dry. Since I have to shower at night I need to be able to get my hair fairly dry within 1-2 hours. Hope this is helpful!!&&&I do think the buff works better for me than a scrunchie/pineapple. I seem to get less frizz. I slept on it slightly damp last time I used the orange marmalade and it actually turned out pretty good!"
fatty_bird,l9mvos,"Wow, beautiful!!! Could you say more about how you sleep on it? Does the buff work better for you than a pineapple with a scrunchie? And does it have to be 100% dry before sleeping?"
rmg1102,l9mvos,do you know what your porosity is?
tanyamothertucker,l9mvos,Your hair looks great! I’ve been holding off on purchasing the Orange Marmalade because of the whole refrigeration thing. Do you keep it refrigerated?
Istinline,l9lo3j,"Hi there, congrats on your little one! 
Pregnancy and other hormonal changes can definitely change hair texture over time. I would say your hair definitely has the potential to curl and starting off with the guide is a great place start. I think if anything it will give you more flexibility in your style. The important thing to note when starting out is to know what your hair porosity, texture, and density are. Knowing these 3 things will help in determining which products work for your hair and what routines to try. Good luck!"
mjtilde,l9lo3j,"I had a baby and my hair texture is changing only in one area. . . do I have wavy hair? Any advice?&&&&&&Ugh sorry I'm new to Reddit and I don't know where my original post went. I had a baby and a year postpartum my hair texture started changing. Mainly it's frizzier and has some wave on the underside of my hair (but not the top?!).  I've always had straw straight hair—never straightened it, and any attempts to curl would fall flat. So I'm completely new to CGM. Do I have wavy hair? Is there hope for me if I try the CGM? Anyone in a similar position?   


I plan to try out the CGM beginner's routine, but currently, I am using non-CGM-approved shampoo + conditioner from Costco, and my routine is to shampoo + condition every other day, comb through my hair after the shower (eeek, I know!), and let it air dry. The only things I did differently in the above photos was (1) I didn't comb my hair at all and (2) I scrunched it while wet with a t-shirt and then let it air dry. But again, no CGM products because I've never needed them before! Would love your tips for my hair!"
Turnipply,l9jrrr,"Progress so far! Any tips/areas for improvement greatly appreciated!&&&&&&Hey everyone! So the first two pics where I’m blonde are fairly recently, after trying wavy/curly girl method for about a month and a half, and the photos of my hair when I was a brunette were last year around May before I dyed my hair and got extensions. I wasn’t able to do the CGM for a few months and just got back into it recently. 

On this wash day, my routine was:

In the shower I used the Living Proof Triple detox shampoo, left that on for a few mins cause we’ve got really hard water here, and rinsed (regular shampoo is Living Proof perfect hair day)

Next I applied the Briogeo Don’t Despair Repair deep conditioning mask to my hair and let it sit for 10 or so mins. At the end, I used a wide toothed comb and got rid of any tangles in my hair, and then I squished to condish a few times and then rinsed. 

Once out of the shower, I immediately apply a decent sized amount of Curly Girl Movement styling milk to my wet hair using the prayer hands technique and raking it in. I apply some of the Curly Girl Movement defining gel into my hair using the same method and then plop with a microfibre towel about 10 mins. 

After plopping, I use a spray mister on my hair to rehydrate it a little and apply some more gel to my hair because I feel like the towel removes some of the gel. Lastly, I diffuse my roots first, moving my head in different ways so the roots don’t stick to one direction. Then I pixie diffuse the rest of my hair and once it’s all dry, scrunch out the crunch with the Olaplex bonding oil.  

In the photos when I had brown hair, I was using wayyy too heavy products. I think it was the Cantu shampoo and conditioner. I am also looking to change my other hair products as well for something a bit lighter for my hair. I have I think low density hair, medium porosity. Any suggestions to improve my routine is welcome as well as hair products!"
Lady_Cat_1915,l9htiw,I bought mine at Dollar Tree and it works great.
mercurys-daughter,l9htiw,"Are all wide tooth combs built equally? Is there any specific brand thats better or any other recommendations?&&&I have thin, fine, 2B wavy hair if that makes a difference :)&&&Sweeet"
BebeCrow777,l9g3gj,Omg gorgeous 😍
DancingAndrovski,l9g3gj,Wooww your hair looks so healthy and shiny and gorgeous 😍
DaydreamerJane,l9g3gj,Is your hair soft? I tried a mousse but it unexpectedly made my hair stiff. I was wondering if it's possible to have glorious hair like this and it be soft as well.
Encodead,l9g3gj,"Oh wow oh wow! What an amazing result. You have similar waves to me, but about a foot more length. I'm growing mine out so I can't wait to get to your gorgeous length! Hair goals indeed!"
GeminiBookaliciousJ,l9g3gj,Absoloutley stunning!! Wish I could have those waves 😍😍👌🏻
KathyStivaletti,l9g3gj,Finger coil that front bit that’s bothering you w a little extra product.  You can pin it as it dries if it needs more attention
LilBookDragon,l9g3gj,"😍 your hair is so beautiful! Color, waves, and looks so soft and frizz free! Dream hair right there!"
Nomore4today,l9g3gj,YOU ARE SO PRETTY MAMAS 🥺🥺🥺
Old-Mortgage8952,l9g3gj,I’m so jealous :) how often do you wash?
ThatPotatoWhoReddits,l9g3gj,Those waves are stunning!
amicurly,l9g3gj,I actually gasped. How does it feel having perfect hair
ants-in-my-plants,l9g3gj,Beautiful waves! I struggle with dandruff as well but the As I Am Dry and Itchy Scalp shampoo has been my holy grail product.
blueeberrybliss,l9g3gj,so pretty!
bowchikawowwow_ow_ow,l9g3gj,"What do you do when you say you ""glazed""? Your hair is completely gorgeous and goals. I've been trying to figure out how to deal with my frizz most of all, can't even bother about my waves right now."
cfwphotography,l9g3gj,"Such a good wash day!  You have beautiful, mermaid hair, my friend!"
ckeeman,l9g3gj,Omg! Gorgeous waves! 😍
cncld4dncng,l9g3gj,I struggle with dandruff too and I’ve had huge results with putting coconut oil on my scalp right before showering!
cursedopal,l9g3gj,Pretty! 🥺
goodmoonvibes,l9g3gj,"Celebs pay to get red carpet waves...

And here you areeee. :) they’re SO pretty!!!!"
jbei9981,l9g3gj,Your hair looks AMAZING. Is your hair upside down the entire time until it's dry (obviously except for when you're in the plop) or do you flip it at some point? Ive been experimenting but can't seem to get my hair to look normal when I style upside down!
ladypictureshow_,l9g3gj,Girlll I've been trying to get this hair for the past year😩😩😩
lazy_sleeper67,l9g3gj,How did you get it so smooth and frizz free?
lyss721,l9g3gj,"I’m sooo jealous of your hair wow!! 

I struggle with dandruff as well and I’ve started using Kamedis’s Dandruff Therapy Shampoo after trying practically every dandruff shampoo in the books and it has pretty much gotten rid of my dandruff within a couple of months!"
megan5marie,l9g3gj,Can you explain what you mean by “roped in” please?
notyourold_lady,l9g3gj,You have such a pretty wave pattern.
plateofcorn,l9g3gj,My jaw literally dropped! Hair goals!
readerjennifer,l9g3gj,Your hair looks awesome! Thanks for sharing the inspiration!
shrouk98,l9g3gj,Hair goals! You look great!
squawkamolee,l9g3gj,You are stunning!
sunshinecharlotte2,l9g3gj,"Best wash day in ages!&&&&&&Thank you so much! That is such a wonderful compliment!&&&I shampooed (scalp only) with TGel because dandruff is driving me crazy and I used my new scalp massager to really get in there. Got my hair soaking wet and applied a lot of Aussie Miracle Moist Conditioner; avoiding my scalp. Combed through and squished to condish upside down. Rinsed out and combed upside down. Soaked with water again to reform clumps. I then glazed with Noughty Wave Hello Curl Taming Cream, roped in to keep the clumps and gently scrunched.
Glaze got2b Volumaniac Bodifying Mousse and scrunched it in. Plopped in a microfibre towel for 30 minutes and pixie diffused gently and slowly on low.
This is my best wash day in so long and I’m not going anywhere! 
P.S please ignore weird straight section at the front. It’s an ongoing battle.&&&Thank you! It never usually looks like this so I had to share!&&&It is very far from perfect! I’ve been having a bit of a confidence crisis lately and my hair has been a bit limp. Today I took the time to give myself a bit of self-love and I feel so much better for it!&&&I realised I need to be very gentle with it and I make sure I apply my products when soaking wet and completely detangled. Swavy Curly Courtney made a video about fighting frizz but I can’t seem to find it!&&&I’ve never heard of Kemedis! I’ll try it if the TGel doesn’t help, thank you!&&&I’m jealous too, it never usually looks this good haha. I wash it twice a week.&&&Routine I have already mentioned but I would say it is medium to low porosity and fine but very high density."
alicia_78,l9f7o9,hair gets tangled easily&&&So i don’t have like big knots but when i’m pouring water on my hair i can tell it’s getting tangled and i can feel the tangleswhilst i’m shampooing my hair when i put my conditioner in and rub my hands through my hair i’m able to get rid of the tangled and slip then through easily but when my hair is dried again and when i’m styling my hair with other products it gets tangled again and it just ruins my clumps how do i fix this ?
Erithacus__rubecula,l92wvp,"I am never understood what all the terms she’s talking about like “hygral fatigue” meant because every time you watch a hair video people describe it differently. I find it really interesting to learn it’s all made up.

The thing I learned that will honestly probably help me most is not to apply undiluted apple cider vinegar on my hair because of the ph. I was doing that for a little while to try help some scalp issues, but I’m really glad to learn I shouldn’t be doing that. I think I need to learn more, and I’m definitely looking forward to seeing what others have to say!"
Ima_Jenn,l92wvp,"What is the FB group?&&&I just wanted to post a few things by Mel who is a cosmetologist.

She has helped me understand a few things really well, just as a contrast

Hygral fstigue
https://youtu.be/7vitfLCj4wo

Moisture protein
https://youtu.be/pvhqpdPzSx8

DC need to knows
https://youtu.be/1zAtlvKPNSk

The best thing in porosity I gave ever seen

https://youtu.be/yT383xYwEpU&&&So this is really interesting.  What exactly do we/you/anyone think it means...i would say obviously not 'lock in' water...but curls definently form when my hair is wet vs dry..

It makes sense that our hair would want homeostasis with the environment... but if I don't but in product and sir dry then I am 2 A at best.  If I do use a cream and gel the. I am 2c/3a..

So it seems like maybe something is missing?

I'm not doubting her, but would they teach hygral fatigue (and according to cosmetologists you Can't recover from it)in cosmetology school if it wasn't a real thing?

I can say that I Have, I guess the best word now is 'over conditioned' my hair and all my curls went limp. 
Was the hair just over softened?

I am still recovering and had to do a mixed protein (1.5 tsp geletin + 1.5 tsp collagen peptides-from my collagen supplement- mixed with 1/2 cup water and 1 TBS penetrating conditioning avacado oil and maybe heaping 1/8 tsp xanthan gum to homogenize it.)
The geletin costs and provided external structure & the peptides penetrate

It popped my curls back.

The stuff she says is really interesting.. but what are the practical implications?

Why is it that using emollient / conditioning products help curls form.. but if you use too much you need to make sure you use protein containing products?"
Istinline,l92wvp,I feel like my whole life is a lie now 😂 but I’m really glad to see the cited sources and it’s making me want to learn more especially as I’m very into learning about hair porosity and texture in relation to hair health. Thanks for posting!
Should_be_less,l92wvp,"Regarding the “hygral fatigue” term, it seems like she did miss that fatigue in a materials science context has a different meaning than in general. [When the paper used fatigue, it was referring to the tendency of materials to break when they get bent back and forth a bunch.](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fatigue_(material\)) So hygral fatigue would be the hair cuticle breaking from repeated bending caused by the swelling and deswelling due to water. I have no idea if that can actually happen to a hair cuticle or what conditions would cause it, but that’s what the paper is trying to say. 

And I agree that ph is under addressed and poorly understood by most online hair care resources. I was so glad to see the video mention that while straight apple cider vinegar is too acidic, it can be diluted. So many online resources insist that ph is not affected by dilution, which is completely wrong!"
Wavyhaircare,l92wvp,"Video on the idea that moisture-protein balance may be a myth&&&&&&This is being discussed in a Facebook group that I'm in. Perhaps somewhat controversial, but I thought some people here may appreciate a different viewpoint than we typically hear. Also, I find it to be somewhat challenging to find videos that reference scientific research much at all, and this does.&&&I have had similar thoughts as far as....even if you agree with all of this, what does this actually mean for those of us who are non-experts trying to maintain our textured hair? 
I have similar experiences where my hair has gone 'too soft' and won't hold its shape anymore and won't get a cast anymore, and protein has fixed it. 
I feel strongly that it's possible for your hair to need protein just because I've seen really dramatic, visible changes in my hair as a result of using protein. I haven't re-watched the video but I think she does say protein strengthens hair. So I don't think she's necessarily denying that protein has a functional purpose. I think her main point as far as protein goes is that she doesn't think protein and moisture impact each other on a spectrum the way we are told they do. Based on the protein strengthens hair comment, I would assume that she thinks using protein has a functional purpose...but that its purpose is just not directly related to your moisture level? So if your hair needs protein, it just needs protein, and that has nothing to do with the moisture level. That's my best guess?"
freshfrizz,l92wvp,"Wow I learned a lot about moisture/protein balance, something that never made sense to me. When she talked about combing stress, it made me think that one of the main reasons Olaplex 3 helps my hair is that it decreases combing stress. It just makes my hair silky and easy to tame (and therefore less prone to breakage), but I'm not sure if it does anything else."
ftr-mmrs,l92wvp,"Wow, the title, the image... Everything about this video is clickbait. And reddit just loves that sh*t. Just eats it up for the upvotes. 

Ok, i clicked...and couldn't take 10 seconds of ger influencer bs that pass for information these days. 

But I guess all that matyers is she got my click. I should have known better though. Ive seen that before on reddit."
inaim,l92wvp,Wow this was so helpful thank you!
keto19X,l92wvp,"Actually I've just gotten into fully taking care of my hair now,previously just shampoo, rarely conditioner and always have my hair up in a bun.. My virgin hair became straw like, frizzy and just so damaged.
 Till I needed a change, since I've been oiling and moisturizing regularly and once a month  giving my hair protein treatment.
My hair is so much more smoother, I have started to get natural waves and alot less frizz. I'm still not content with my hair as I'm still very early in my hair care journey.."
