index,id,comments
Automatic_Net_5107,s5tn0w,"What are the issues you see? I think it looks really beautiful! Healthy, hydrated, not frizzy, defined waves. All good stuff :)"
Key_Chard1345,s5tn0w,Is this is unkempt I don’t even know what mine would be considered
Mombod666,s5tn0w,Hahah this has to be trolling
Mybishop,s5tn0w,Looks beautiful! This is how I try to get mine to look everyday to no avail.
Mysterious_Arm5969,s5tn0w,It looks healthy and beautiful! I love it
QuiteBookish,s5tn0w,"We are our own worst critics (speaking from lot of experience!). Your waves (and hair color) look AMAZING. 😍 Not messy at all. I’m envious!

As for a Denman, I have a knockoff I bought from a local drugstore chain and the only thing I use it for is distributing my leave in or curl cream. I haven’t had the patience or skill to really brush style, and the few times I tried brush styling with my “Denman,” I was unimpressed. But maybe I’m just impatient. 

I get way better tension from a boar and nylon bristle combo brush, so I may attempt brush styling with that one day. I didn’t want to drop the money on a Behairful (another favorite brush in the wavy/curly community), so I got a very similar one from Ulta."
Sylvss1011,s5tn0w,"Looks a lot like my hair, which I think looks nice lol"
WubbaLubba_DubDubb,s5tn0w,"Your hair looks rendered, it's fabulous!"
blckrainbow,s5tn0w,"It looks super nice and sleek to me, definitely not unkempt!"
nameless_user_,s5tn0w,I think it looks perfect. Mine is usually way more frizzy than this. Also you've got a nice hair color.
pritch0613,s5tn0w,"I am not familiar with those products but they all sound like they're heavy and high moisture. Have you tried anything that's marketed as a lightweight moisturizer? My wavy hair doesn't like heavier products (Cantu for example was a total bust). All of your products at once may be too moisturizing.

Additionally, have you added a gel into the mix? That will give you more definition and hold. (My holy grail is the blue LA Looks gel from the drugstore)"
schedulejay,s5tn0w,Your hair look SO GOOD. Damn.
vindictaaathrowaway,s5tn0w,"Does my hair look unkempt? More in comments&&&&&&That statement must really be true because I checked your profile and your hair is like... my IDEAL hair. I'm envious of you! Thanks so much for your input, a behairful brush seems way more up my alley than the denman!&&&Before this pic I used Carol's Daughter liquid black vanilla hydrating leave in spray, Marc Anthony curl envy cream, and then Hask argan oil on my wet hair. Air dried mostly but I used my hairdryer with a diffuser for a few minutes. 

I feel like no matter how much effort I put into my routine, my hair just looks kind of ""eh."" Am I just biased against my own hair and this looks normal or does it actually look messy? Any advice is highly appreciated!! Not sure about porosity but I thinkkk it might be high? Kind of thin, though, if that helps!&&&Oh, forgot to mention, this isn't my usual method. Usually I put Marc Anthony's strictly curls leave in spray, curl envy cream, and then just some store brand hair gel. When I do this my hair seems to go up a whole curl level, but it still has that messy look to it. Would a denman brush help?"
3quarters2sections,s5q8kt,"Sustainable hair products and methods&&&Hello!

I am just starting my wavy hair journey but am a overwhelmed by the amount of investment in products and plastics. I am wondering if their are products like shampoo and conditioner bars people have had a success with. Along with other methods than using a diffuser to get that final volume at the end. Thanks!"
Bjoy_,s5q8kt,I like HiBar - I use the volumizing one because I have fine hair.
CaptainCrapula,s5q8kt,"You can make your own gels at home with flexseed and the like. They don't last as long without the preservatives but there's a lot of recipes out there for diy gels.

I also believe that the Ecoslay brand have moved to more sustainable packaging, if that's something you're interested in checking out."
LexxiiConn,s5q8kt,"I don't have experience with them personally, but shampoo bars are a thing. Not sure if there's a conditioner version of that too or not."
Old-Mortgage8952,s5q8kt,I got the viori shampoo and conditioner bars after searching here and seeing them recommended in a couple threads. I’ve only used them twice so still waiting to see if I’ll like them in the long term but so far so good!
Ruby_Ruth,s5q8kt,"I use Cult+King and Afterworld Organics products, both of which are glass packaged in reusable bottle that you can refill."
Snowstig,s5q8kt,"Ecoslay all the way! All natural products, and they come in refillable/recyclable pouches!  I also love using shampoo/conditioner bars (I like Ethique, HiBar, and Capracadabra)."
forevermediumm,s5q8kt,"I exclusively used Ethique shampoo bars and their conditioner concentrate (the conditioner bars didn't work for me but this product is a solid block that you mix with hot water into liquid conditioner, then put into an old container you have lying around) before starting wavy girl method. They have sulfate-free options and I believe all their products are silicone-free. They have sample sizes and packs of almost everything so you can try before you buy a full-size.

Honestly you might not really have to buy many new things. You might be able to get away with your current shampoo/conditioner and can make your own flaxseed gel (just buy the flaxseeds, maybe from bulk bins?) In terms of a diffuser you can just plop with an old tshirt and air-dry instead.

I personally decided to buy a bunch of stuff but 1. I was using almost nothing before (just ethique + air dry, usually braided, and I already had a tangle teezer brush, silk pillowcase, and bonnet) and 2. I have severe ADHD and getting way too into hobbies is par for the course for me. If you're overwhelmed, just follow the basic concepts without buying anything new. Look over the wiki and see what you can implement for free."
pajmahal,s5q8kt,"I’ve used HiBar, Vida Bars and Ethique and my favorite was Vida Bars by a mile. She offers several different varieties, but I use Clarity when my hair feels a little waterlogged and usually get great results and some decent volume. HiBar was good too, and Ethique was fine. Vida is just curly hair specific and I got better results and slip with those products."
squigglylinesofine,s5q8kt,"Cult + King products, but I don't use shampoo or conditioner"
GreenpointChill,s5nh7m,"Have you looked through this subreddit’s recent posts , and archives? If you sort by “best”, you will be able to see the all time most popular posts. I know I’m not answering your question really, but the whole purpose of this sub seems to be to give people the opportunity to share their routines, tips and tricks. Even if a post looks like it is just a picture, there are often descriptions and routine explanations in the comments section.

https://www.reddit.com/r/Wavyhair/comments/riclpk/the_laziest_routine/

You might find this thread helpful. If you type “routine” into the search bar for this sub there are a ton of relevant results"
cowdaycare,s5nh7m,What are your hair routines for wavy hair?&&&I just want to know.
clicker_yt,s5mk8k,"How to maintain protein - moisture balance?&&&TLDR; I think I over moisturized my hair but my hair is protein sensitive so now I am afraid to balance it out. 


Hi, guys.

I have been reading this sub and curlyhair sub for months and found what works for my hair and what doesn't, but still, I am not sure about my choices and would love your insight.

I have fine hair, usually medium/high density but to past neglect and shedding it's very thin now and has low porosity. I tried going full CGM / WGM, but I found out that my hair dislikes gentle, no SLS shampoos. If I don't use sulfates or if I don't clarify regularly my scalp starts to itch and I develop buildup/dandruff.

When I clarify my hair feels light and my scalp is not oily. I can go 5 days between washes (since I clarify regularly my scalp is not so oily quickly. It feels good, not dry, and not too oily) and to be honest only fifth day does my hair start to act funky which is when I put it in a ponytail or a bun. Usually, I like to clip my hair. I remember one period in my teen years I discovered this sulfate ""conspiracy"" and decided to ditch them completely. I had the worst hair in my life. I had so much buildup that when I would scratch my scalp with nails the buildup would exceed the length of the nail. Gross. While that thing did mess with my hair making it extremely unhealthy and fragile it actually extended my wash days. So when I reintroduced sulfates my scalp was clean, my hair was shiny again, and had an actual volume. It felt amazing to have that light feeling on my head and I was able to shake my head and my hair was moving around and wasn't sticking to my scalp. Then one time I tried deep conditioning with a heat cap and I think conditioner got onto my scalp because my hair was so oily and greasy even after shampooing again. I couldn't wash it away, it was so sticky. Since then I don't do deep conditioning but I pre-poo instead and I try not to put any water on my hair but after pre-poo, I immediately apply shampoo, and then I rinse with water, otherwise shampoo just glides off hair and does nothing.

Not sure about my pre-poo choice. I have coconut oil at home so I use that with some castor oil and I massage my scalp for a few minutes I leave it like that for 15 minutes and then I go and wash my hair. My hair does feel silky after that but I am not sure if all that oil is suffocating my scalp and just building up. Since I use olefin-16-sulphonate based shampoo I think it does wash it away completely. What do you think?

Also, my hair is low porosity, the majority of products sit on my hair if they are not extremely lightweight (gel-like). I have a very watery hydrating conditioner (Organic Shop - Avocado and Honey) and if I need something more strong I tend to use Garnier Banana Hair Food Mask. These two products do wonders for my hair and never weigh it down.

The problem is that my hair is protein sensitive. Very protein sensitive. I tried the flaxseed gel mask and my hair was instantly brittle, dry and stringy, and breaking off. Flaxseed gel has many nutritious benefits and strengthening effects, it can act like a protein. I could barely wash it away. Mistake... Then one time I wanted to balance my hair so since I use hydrating conditioner I thought to use protein shampoo. Only one protein ingredient in the ingredient list (hydrolyzed rice protein). This ingredient is far down on the list and I tought they wouldn't do any harm. My hair was again dry, frizzy and brittle. I since avoid that shampoo. My mom has high porosity hair so It is amazing for her, a product was at least not wasted. I then tried one balancing mask DIY (mayonaisse, eggs, honey, ACV, ripe banana, coconut oil etc...) my hair was so sticky and I could barely wash it away. When I was able to wash it away, my hair was so dry. I put conditioner on it, detangled and it was fine again. Smooth and silky.

Until last wash where my hair got over mosturized. I've put so many product and so little water. I could feel the greasiness and stickiness after the washing. I panicked so much... I used some cheap washing gel and washed it away (no parabens and silicones but does contain sulphates), I didn't have enough of my clarifying shampoo so I had to use this one. My hair was very dry and exhausted after this even tho it does not contain harsh alcohols. After it dried my hair was very frizzy and soft, ends were dry and looked bad. I didn't have top frizz (I don't condition my roots that's why), but from the mid to the ends it was so frizzy. I was looking like a Hagrid.

I am pretty sure it's overmosturized. I don't know what to do. What products to buy. I am afraid to try protein treatments because I am so protein sensitive. How should I maintain the balance and keep my hair healthy. I don't even care about my waves or how it looks. I just care about how it feels and the healthiness and balance.

I would love your insight on this. I live in Europe in a country that does not have many CGM products. So I just go by looking at ingridient list and checking everything on curlsbot. 

Questions:

1) How much conditioner do you use and how long do you leave it in your hair? I use a lot apparently and sometimes i don't wash it away entirely. My hair is very soft this way but it got overmosturized.

2) How much water do you use?

3) What light protein treatments would you recommend for my type of hair? What ingridients to look in a product? 

4) What pre-poo treatments or oils you recommend for low porosity hair prone to buildup?

5) My hair feels mushy, frizzy and soft - but when I do the stretch test it breaks off immediately. How can I be sure if it really is moisture overload or protein overload?

6) What would you say is a benefit of avocado?

7) How to know if your hair dislikes coconut?

As I said. My routine is:

1) Coconut and castor oil prepoo 
2) Wash with olefin-16-sulphonate shampoo, organic based
3) Detangle after applying organic Shop Conditioner (Avocado and Honey)
4) Sometimes Garnier banana hair food as a leave in.

I tried both gel and mousse but while my hair does have a nice hold it weights it down. After gel it's hard for me to scrunch out the crunch and mousse will hardly give me a cast and will leave my hair feel sticky. I tried applying even more to create cast but then I had a really bad reaction, itchy scalp and when I scratched the scalp to releave the pain my fingers were a little bloody. Yikes.

Thanks for your help! Hopefully this helps someone too 🙏&&&Awww thank you for your answer. Finally someone that sees this! I am going for a shopping spree tomorrow and it will help a lot. None of my products contain proteins. I heavily avoid them :) And my hair is overmosturized I am pretty sure. Last wash my hair was so sticky and as I was brushing my hair to evenly spread conditioner with tangle teezer and it was stiff and greasy. I usually don't wash away all the conditioner, I brush the remaining stuff away from scalp and then I squeeze my hair upwards and just leave it to dry. Sometimes I put my hair in a pineapple position while it dries to lift the roots. But last time it was harder to brush, it wasn't gliding through my hair but it felt like I had paste on it, hahaha. And It was very very gummy and soft. Definitely moisture overload.  

Now, what would you recommend.. Should I risk and try to balance it or just leave it like that? Is the next wash going to even more overmosturize my hair? I am so afraid to use anything protein-sh 😂 

I meant avocado as an ingridient since it's one of main products in my conditioner."
plateofcorn,s5mk8k,"1. Personally I use a bunch of conditioner. I use about 20 pumps total, but I have a lot of hair and it's super long. I clip it up and leave it in while I do other shower things such as soap up my body and washing my face, so maybe 5-10 minutes. I also try to do a weekly hair mask which is left in for about 15 minutes using a heat cap. 

2. How much water do I use for what? If this question is in reference to styling, then the answer is a lot unless I want frizzy-ish beachy waves. Typically I have a spray bottle while I style to ensure my hair is dripping wet. This helps my curls clump and helps prevent frizz for me. 

3. My hair is protein sensitive so I've never done a protein treatment but any ingredients with words like amino acids, protein, keratin or hydrolyzed X are protein ingredients. 

4. I use a clarifying shampoo to remove buildup. I've never tried pre poo oils so I don't have any opinions on that. 

5. That's tough because overly soft mushy hair is a sign of moisture overload while brittle hair (breaking immediately) is a sign of protein overload. I would go through the ingredients in your products and see what might be causing it. Do your products have no protein? Then it could be moisture overload. Do all of your products have protein? Then it could be protein overload. 

6. Avocado as in the actual fruit for your hair? I would say just stick to actual hair products instead of food, but that's just me. 

7. If coconut does nothing for your hair then I'd skip it. Again, I personally stick to hair products for my hair so I am a bit biased against this whole food for your hair/skin idea."
pritch0613,s5mfc5,"Have you tried mousse before gel? Gel should lock in the volume that mousse provides.

My current gels are LA Looks blue gel (extreme hold? the really strong one) and Hi! Definition by TreLuxe. A little of the latter goes a long way. Current mousse is NYM Curl Talk mousse. I have also had some good hair days with the Curlsmith protein foam (forgetting the actual name but it's got a purple label) followed by gel. Basically any sort of volumizing agent followed by gel.

Current shampoo and conditioner is NYM Naturals Coconut Milk and Marula Oil. I've also had good luck with NYM Gardenia Flower and Mango Butter, as this one seems to have a little bit of curl activator in it and has medium slip / lightweight moisture."
something__someone,s5mfc5,"Looking for a little guidance! Please help! Will post routine in comments!&&&&&&Hi everyone!

I’ve recently discovered that I actually have curly/wavy hair after styling it straight for my entire life. I’m on a bit of a journey to find what works best with me.

My current wash schedule goes like this:

1. Co-wash (As I Am Coconut Cowash)
2. Regular shampoo (Shea Moisture 100% Virgin Coconut Oil Daily Hydration Shampoo)
3. Regular shampoo (Shea Moisture 100% Virgin Coconut Oil Daily Hydration Shampoo)
4. Clarify (Attitude Natural Care Super Leaves Science) 

There are 3 days between each wash day. I condition each wash with the Shea Moisture Coconut and Hibiscus Curl & Shine Conditioner.

I’ve been experimenting with different types of styling techniques (I’ve used the bowl method a few times, I just got a diffuser, etc).

What I do:

- Wash my hair, rinse
- Put in conditioner and brush through with a wet brush and rinse,
- Brush my hair again while soaking wet with wet brush
- Put in a curl cream (Aussie Miracle Curls) and brush through
- Separate into 4 parts
- Rake in and then praying hands gel (Dippity-Do Girls With Curls)
- Scrunch
- Then I go in with Dippity-Do Girls With Curls mousse and scrunch again
- Let air dry or diffuse
- Scrunch out the crunch with Aussie Miracle Curls Curl Defining Oil

My problems:

My hair often looks good after it dries (the pictures you see in this post) but then will quickly fall. I think it’s being weighed down by products that are too heavy for my hair and that it is over moisturized (it’s quite elasticy). I did just purchase the Shea Moisture Manuka Honey & Yogurt Protein Treatment in hopes that might help. I’m wondering what you guys think of my product choices and whether you can recommend a shampoo and conditioner that may be a bit lighter weight? Also, maybe a better holding gel/mousse and curl cream? Also a better oil as this Aussie one feels quite heavy.

Thank you so much in advance!

P.S. I’m in Canada!"
WubbaLubba_DubDubb,s5medy,"Have you tried the blueberry bliss leave-in? If yes, how would you compare the two? Looking to purchase the BB, but I'm considering this one!"
chloej_00,s5medy,"Just wanna recommend the As I Am leave-in conditioner. Had 2 bottles of this and love it! Leaves my hair hydrated but never weighed down. Tried so many and this is by far my fave 😊&&&&&&Hi, so I squish this leave-in into my hair with a good amount of water to create clumps. I then scrunch those clumps with a micro fibre towel. This gets out all the excess water. I then use the Aussie Instant Freeze Gel to create a gel cast, diffuse and scrunch out the crunch. This leave in is brilliant!&&&Yes I have. The Blueberry Bliss has protein in and this one doesn’t. My hair doesn’t get on well with protein so I didn’t like the Blueberry Bliss (made my hair really stringy). It all depends on your protein-moisture balance.&&&I haven’t tried the Kinky Curly one but I’ve heard great things"
inshort53,s5medy,I just bought it! What is the rest of your routine after using the leave in?
vent1te,s5medy,"I am considering on buying this after I run out <33 Have you tried the Kinky Curly Knot Today? I see people recommending either As I Am, Kinky Curly or Blueberry Bliss and I don’t know which one to go for"
Fleedomflies,s5kgws,"Why is the top layer so frizzy and straight?&&&&&&Thanks! My hair is pretty thick and I don’t think it was drying flat on my head. It was still very wet after plopping. I’ll try the Leave in conditioner! I was under the impression that leave in conditioner would weigh my waves down too much. Maybe not?&&&I clarified, did a squish to condish, added Cake curl mousse, plopped for 25 mins, and then diffused. TIA!&&&Routine is in comments."
GloveDeath1985,s5kgws,"If your hair is fine, it may be just drying flat against your head. I have fine hair and I never plop for more than a few minutes because I find it flattens my waves. You may also want to add a little bit of leave in conditioner when your hair is very wet (not too much) to add moisture and reduce frizz."
andygrl1989,s5kgws,"I had the same issue. I tried adding a leave-in and making sure that my curl activator was actually getting on the hair on that part of my head. I wasn’t actually applying product there, I was missing it entirely. It’s still a bit straighter than the rest of my hair but it’s nowhere near as frizzy."
Bike_Pretty,s5j74c,That’s a great result!
artemis_floyd,s5j74c,"September 2018 --> December 2021 Progress!&&&&&&Current routine (ish):

I usually swim then wash, so I rinse my hair at the gym with water, then sometimes do the Curlsmith Bond Repair treatment (every other weekish), then wash at home. 

Shampoo: Not Your Mother's Curl Talk shampoo, using a scalp brush at my roots. I usually wash weekly with L'Oréal Kids Swim and Sport shampoo to remove chlorine as well, avoiding scrubbing my scalp with it.

Conditioner: honestly depends on the day, haha. I rotate between the Not Your Mother's Curl Talk or Curlsmith 3-in-1 conditioners, or the NYM Tahitian Gardenia and Mango Butter conditioner. Detangle with fingers then a Wet brush, then lots of praying hands and squishing with extra water.

Cream: Curlsmith Featherlight Protein Cream on soaking wet hair. Again more praying hands then lots of squishing. 

Gel: Curlsmith Aqua Gel on soaking wet hair. Roping in gel then lots of squishing. 

Squish hair with a t-shirt, then-

Mousse: NYM Curl Talk mousse. More praying hands, more squishing. 

Drying: plop 10-15 minutes. Air dry another 15-20ish minutes until my hair forms a cast. Pixie diffuse for 12 minutes total (yes, I time it lol), dividing my hair into 6 sections and drying 2 minutes per section on a mix of warm and cool. Air dry rest of the way, then scrunch out the crunch with NYM Curl Talk oil. 

I use different gels depending on dew points (NYM Curl Talk Gel or Curlsmith Styling Soufflé), sometimes skip the mousse, sometimes do mousse on soaking hair, or sometimes just use mousse and no gel...just depends on the day, the weather, how much work I want to put in. Sometimes I just air dry after plopping. It varies!"
whit_flinn,s5j74c,Wow. That’s all I got for you... that’s some shiny awesome wavy hair!
Coliebear86,s5j5zm,My hair is exactly like this.
Thatssapphyre,s5j5zm,Same. I call my hair wavy in the front and given up on life in the back 😭✌🏻
flabbycatjiggles,s5j5zm,"Confused hair&&&&&&75% of my hair wants to be uniformly wavy, 20% wants to be straight/barely wavy, and 5% wants to be ringlet curly. Haha&&&Thank you! It is indeed. Haha&&&Thank you! That sounds so cute!&&&The struggle is reallll!&&&Trying a new routine 

Wash every other day with NYM royal honey and Kalahari desert melon shampoo and conditioner

After shower spray with Camille rose honey dew

Then add NYM curl talk gel

Air dry"
forevermediumm,s5j5zm,"Wow, gorgeous! From bottom layer to top layer mine goes from basically straight to cute lil ringlets lol."
hazardzetforward,s5j5zm,"Oo your hair looks so soft and healthy! Mine does the same, mostly wavy, a few nearly straight, and a couple of perfect ringlets that hide underneath where no one will see them. Wavy hair is a blessing and a curse!"
themilkyone,s5j5zm,I have the same issue! Discovered the CG bowl method for washing my hair and it fixed the flat back of my head and the flat inner layer!
CapDistinct1423,s5j539,"don’t brush it! before i realized i had wavy/curly hair, my hair looked like this when i brushed it. the only “brushing” i do now is detangling my hair with my fingers in the shower while it’s wet with conditioner in"
Cdmelty1,s5j539,Run your fingers through it instead of brushing. I just learned this trick and it's great. You just want to detangle it an you can do that without a brush or comb.
DippyFresh123,s5j539,"When I wake up my hair has I pretty good amount of waves but is sooo messy. When I brush it, I get this frizzy mess. What do I do?&&&&&&My routine

I wash my hair every other day with [shampoo](https://www.makeupalley.com/product/showreview.asp/ItemId=112657/Tea-Tree-Tingle-Shampoo/Trader-Joes/Shampoo) first and [conditioner ](https://www.kroger.com/p/apothecare-essentials-conditioner-the-mender-coconut-milk-white-jasmine-vitamin-e/0005508600031)

I wash at night and allow my hair to dry while I’m sleeping. I brush in the morning. I would wash in the morning so I don’t have to brush out the waves every morning but I just don’t have time.

I have no idea bout my strand thickness. I think my hair is 2a or 2b though."
Adverbage,s5hkac,This looks great!
Coliebear86,s5hkac,"""Wolf cuts/shags"" are made for us lol. I need to get mine refreshed."
FionaGoodeEnough,s5hkac,What is a wolf cut?
StrawberryKiss2559,s5hkac,Dude! It looks fantastic
UBStudent52013,s5hkac,"Got the wolf cut. The first picture is my hair before and the second is my hair air dried without any intervention.&&&&&&It's a layered haircut. You can google it, it has become pretty popular this year. Its not as layered as a shag though.&&&In this photo I did not use any products just to see how my hair would dry. 

My hair is very fine and thin, porosity is low, and I believe I have type 2 hair or very little waves. 

Otherwise I use a sulfate free shampoo bar (HiBar Volume Shampoo and conditioner)
Leave in conditioner by As I Am (Classic Line)
A oil spray (Doctor Taiga Wild Royal Jelly) 
I wrap my hair in a microfiber towel for half an hour, then put in my products, if I want more hold I add a hair mouse and maybe a tiny bit of gel. 

I don't really use any techniques because im lazy, I just brush through my hair with my fingers and air dry. 

My hair has been in a bad place, thinning, falling out, etc. I have been trying to keep it straight to try and give it more volume but decided to cut it after seeing the result a few people had after getting a more shaggy-layered cut&&&Yeah this haircut has actually made me want to get a shag next. I've pretty much had straight hair my whole life and was super iffy getting it layered but I'm super happy with my decision.&&&Thank you! I'm super happy with the cut might actually go with more layers next time.&&&Thank you!"
bananicula,s5hkac,Yes! I got a wolf cut and my waves have become much defined and curly looking ❤️ the overall look is super bouncy and cute. You look great op!
minnielargo,s5hkac,I think it looks great
whit_flinn,s5hkac,"Looks beautiful, love the wolf cut on you! Just curious how do you like the hi bar shampoo/condish?"
Fleedomflies,s5gzad,"Squish to Mask?!&&&Hi wavy friends. I’m just starting to dip my waves into the CGM and WGM. I just bought a deep conditioning mask (Arvazallia Hydrating Argan Oil Mask) and I’m wondering if I should be using the squish to condish method to apply my masks, too? Its consistency is similar to a regular conditioner. TIA!"
TrishaThoon,s5gzad,I think so-it will ensure that the mask really penetrates.
Sarah-Brianne,s5e5on,My guess is you’re not using enough of the curl cream and mousse. I would try at least doubling that amount and see if your results improve. You could also switch from a mousse to a gel or keep the mousse and also use a gel. That will give you more hold to keep your curls from falling out.
cleverusername0822,s5e5on,"Looking to improve my curl/wave definition and hair health.&&&&&&Routine: I was at the roots with Garnier Ultimate Blends Shampoo and then squish to condish with the Garnier Ultimate Blends conditioner avoiding the roots. Use the Garnier Banana foods hair mask fortnightly. After washing apply 2 teaspoons of boots curl cream and  a big handful of Mousse. Plop before diffusing or air drying. Curls usually look good straight after wash before falling out.

My hair is often dry and curl pattern is inconsistent. Suffer from build up on occasion at the roots. My hair is very thick and does have some layers even if it doesn't look like it.&&&Thank you this is all really helpful! I did originally try gel but probably didn't give it a good enough go before stopping.

I've found protein balance a little bit confusing on how to approach in the past, but will have a look at YouTube reccomendations. Stickiness is an issue I've had before."
upset_baguette,s5e5on,"I don't think your hair looks unhealthy (but I'm sure you're a better judge of that than I), just a bit frizzy. My hair used to look like this before I used the ""right"" products (obviously subjective depending on what your goals are), but my hairdresser would always comment on how healthy my hair was/is when I went to get haircuts (I thought my hair was unhealthy at that point). If your hair is damaged then protein will help and as long as you're not using high heat or chemical treatments the health of your hair will improve over time as it grows out (the hair growing out of your scalp will likely be healthy)!

Also, have you tried a gel? It almost always takes gel + a gel cast for my hair to maintain definition with minimal frizz (+ SOTC with oil). 

Another thing that took me a while to figure out/realize was a problem for me was humectants (namely glycerine and propylene glycol). I live in a very hot and humid climate, so dew points are almost never in the range that really works with them (40-60⁰F I believe; dew points too low and too high both cause problems), and so any hair product I would use that contained them would literally cause frizz.

Additionally, have you looked into your protein/moisture balance? If it's off it could also cause your hair to lose definition and feel dry, limp, or ""sticky"" (I am by no means an expert in this category, but I recommend checking out manes by Mell and swavy curly Courtney on YouTube if you dont already know about them and want to learn more about it)

I still think your hair looks gorgeous! This is just based on my experience/ what I've learned on my hair journey so sorry if it's all stuff you already knew but I hope it's helpful!

(Also whoops didn't mean to type so much but I have a lot of ideas since your hair looks a lot like mine used to 😅)"
BabytheTardisImpala,s5ckkh,"Have you tried hammock diffusing? I found that I lose any volume or curl by the roots if I diffuse only by hovering or by pixie diffusing. Hammock diffusing dries the hair shaft closer to the root first so that it maintains its pattern rather than getting stretched out by the weight of the ends of your hair. It looks ridiculous but then again, what part of the wavy/curly styling process doesn’t?"
Okie0711,s5ckkh,"Ringlets i get after denman disappear after diffusing [ SOS ]&&&I tried the denman brush and got the ringlets type clumps that i desired. Which i wanted just at the end by the ""twist at the end"" method. 

But when i diffuse them after cupping the ends towards roots, the ringlets disappear and i get stringy pieces.


How to i keep them intact.&&&It frizzzes. I use the low heat and low speed for i dont want to introduce high heat. 

I bought a diffuser which many people in my country suggested for curly hair but dude i was better w air dry but the amount if time it takes 😭😭&&&I do.

A curly cream followed by medium hold gel&&&Hey i tried half way hover and then moved to cupping, I'll now dry fully w hover 🌗&&&Thanks will give it a go!"
aacilegna,s5ckkh,"I had that same problem too. And while this may be completely against the CGM method, honestly the only way I could do it was to have high heat, high power on my dryer (with diffuser attached) so it would dry quicker. That’s what worked for me. 

How does your hair look when you air dry?"
badtranslatedgerman,s5ckkh,Try Brad Mondo’s diffusing method instead: https://youtu.be/KzJxiPFncTU
existingfish,s5ckkh,Do you use a product for hold?
jubjub9876a,s5ckkh,"Try hover diffusing and do not touch your hair at all until fully dry, even with your diffuser."
Ineedavodka2019,s5b91c,Such a huge improvement. It looks so much healthier.
Jaded_Limit_3815,s5b91c,No way!! This is just 9 months? Your hair is completely transformed. Good job.
Throwawayuser626,s5b91c,GLOW UP 👏
VoyeuristicFizz,s5b91c,MAJOR health restoration. Excellent!
bettyboo5,s5b91c,"I took like hair now, before it looked like straw. It must feel so much better.

Posted before I read your routine. I just wonder what your hair would be like without the deman brush."
breadgal1,s5b91c,"9 months wavy hair update - before&after. I'm still not perfect at applying product but my hair is healthy now!&&&&&&Thank you!! It's all thanks to throwing away the bleach and unplugging the straighteners :)&&&My usual routine:

Shampoo with Noughty 'wave hello'

Condition with Maui Moisture shine+awapuhi, squish to condish, completely rinse 

Flora and curl curl lotion (leave in) raked upwards and outwards through hair 

Using the deman brush method, create curl clumps. (I can't explain it well but the youtuber IndiaBatson really helped)

Once performed over whole head, scrunch Flora and curl foam all over head.

Then Flora and curl's curl gel, emulsified with water. Scrunch into already formed curl patterns.

Micro plop w t-shirt

Diffuse on medium heat! I never really have a crunch to scrunch after, the product seems to disappear itself from the movement of diffusing.&&&It's pretty similar in the back, since I can't style the back as well with the brush myself. But the ringlets in the front become much tighter :)"
encouragemintx,s5b91c,That’s actually an amazing progress for 9 months! Congratulations! Looks awesome
rachelhv,s5b91c,Congrats! It looks so much softer and healthier!
whit_flinn,s5b91c,Wow. Just 😮&&&Wow. Beautiful waves!!
Comfortable_Bill3438,s53c1z,"can anyone please give me product recommendations, I really want to get into hair care&&&&&&I just use shampoo and  conditioner, as for the shampoo and conditioner I’ll link them I’m frol Poland so you’ll have to translate the site https://onlybio.life/hair-in-balance-by-onlybio-odzywka-emolientowa-200-ml.html (conditioner) as for the shampoo https://www.hebe.pl/bioelixire-szampon-arganowy-do-wlosow-300-ml-000000000000378947.html"
WeAreStarless,s53c1z,can you give us anything to work with? what's your routine?
Axilllla,s4zdnj,"Are you doing any other proteins treatments? Any other deep conditioning treatments? Have you tried rice water washes?
You should try deep conditioning treatments once a week or so"
AzureousHarlequin,s4zdnj,"For the dryness try doing an avocado mask every 2 weeks or so. Just mix avocado, honey, and olive oil together; put it all over dry hair and leave for 15-30 mins. Afterwards, rinse and wash as normal. 

For taming your hair, try brushing in the shower before rinsing out your conditioner. After you rinse out conditioner, try just scrunching your hair to dry/apply products. This way you let your hair stay in its natural curl clumps. 

real life+curly girl YouTube channel really helped me at first https://youtu.be/FINMe3s8AnA

Edit: for me, the most important thing isn't what products I use but instead how I handle my hair. Scrunching makes ALL the difference. Not brushing my hair other than in the shower also does. And not touching my hair as it dries does wonders."
Coliebear86,s4zdnj,"I really enjoyed Cake brand shampoo and conditioner, made my hair very soft. All the products really, the curl cream is a bit heavy for my hair, but the products are great. They also made my hair curl after just washing."
ImPouting,s4zdnj,"I think you may need to do a clarifying wash, switch to light communizing shampoo and conditioner, and keep the olaplex on the mid lengths and ends only. I also wonder if the way you sleep is causing that little flat area? Idk I’m very very new and still figuring out my own hair haha"
Ok_Spite6846,s4zdnj,"No matter what I try my hair always looks like this. Please help me with my routine.&&&&&&I have only tried the new Olaplex #8 hydrating treatment and Olaplex #3 but honestly my hair hates Olaplex. I have had protein overload before and I am scared to do any protein treatments lol. My hair got wicked hard when wet and snapped off but that was two years ago. Do you know any good deep conditioning mask? I am also looking for leave in products that are conditioning.&&&My hair is actually part wavy/ curly. The top layer of my hair is very coarse and it seems to be sensitive to protein.

My current routine is to wash my hair every three days with Olaplex shampoo and conditioner. Once a week a clarify my hair with Malibu No po clarifier. 
I brush my hair with a wide tooth comb and I let it air dry. 

My hair seems to hate Olaplex. I get my hair cut every four weeks and I still have wicked bad split ends and my hair is wicked dry.

I am thinking of getting “Not Your Mother’s conditioning mask” ( it’s protein free). I am having a hard time finding a good protein free or low protein leave in conditioner."
badtranslatedgerman,s4zdnj,"How hot is the water when you shower? For me the back top of my head was frizzier and less wavy and I realized that it was in part due to standing in the shower with the hot water hitting the top layer of my hair a lot. I love hot showers but I’ve gotten used to turning the temp down when it’s touching my hair. Sleeping with a satin scarf wrapped around my hair or a bonnet also helped. People have pointed to product buildup and that seems like it might be happening too and could be a quicker fix, but making sure your water isn’t too hot and protecting it when you sleep may help some underlying long-term issues as well that might be contributing."
misstoriiblack,s4zdnj,I agree definitely looks like product buildup.
teashoesandhair,s4zdnj,"It really looks like product buildup to me, or that you're not washing all the shampoo out. If your hair doesn't like the Olaplex, maybe try a different shampoo for a bit. I don't think it's helping you at all.&&&Oh, and for any potential frizz, have you tried a hard hold gel? Ecofreeze for wavy and curly hair is a good one; I have fine, frizzy hair and I find that it gives good hold without drying it out at all. Ecoslay Orange Marmalade is a good one for protein; it doesn't have such a hard hold but it works well on fine hair, I find. 

For good deep conditioning treatments, I'm not sure where you're based, but Noughty do a good one! They also do some really good shampoos and regular conditioners for wavy hair, which you might want to look into. 

I do think that, looking at your photos, a big part of it is that you have a lot of residue in your hair. It really looks like when you're washing the shampoo out, you're not getting all of it at the back."
shaesammy,s4z227,i experienced more frizz with LA looks gel than other products I've tried. Recently I've had success with Cake Mousse. Apparently the LA Looks gel has a certain ingredient that doesn't work well for some people's hair and my hair looked similar to yours tbh when I used LA Looks.
wtfiswrongwmyhair,s4z227,"FRIZZ…. Help!&&&&&&Oh interesting! What products do you use?&&&Washed with Suave Daily Clarifying shampoo to remove build up (I usually only wash once a week). Used Olaplex 3, shampooed out with Shea Moisture Strengthen and Restore shampoo, conditioned with Kinky Curly Knot Today leave in conditioner (rinsed out). Used a denman brush to brush JVN Air Dry cream through and then LA Looks Extreme Sport gel in wet hair. Scrunch gently and plop in tshirt for about 10mins. Kept it in a pineapple til it was mostly dry, scrunching a few times while it dried. I applied a little more Air Dry cream after it was dry to try and tame the frizz. I suuuuuper lightly grazed the halo of frizz with Argan oil on my palms. 

Still frizz. I can’t seem to keep curl clumps together, even if I put products in soaking wet hair, no matter what I try. I can wrap sections of hair around my finger and then gently place it into a diffuser and that keeps clumps together a little bit better, but it’s suuuuper time consuming and looks a bit unnatural. 

I recently got this shag cut and this is the first wash after leaving the salon with a blow out. Shorter layers are a little uneven, I may need to get that touched up. It did help with volume though. 

Any tips?"
