index,id,comments
AlarmedOpposite8145,t34h8u,"I think the products you use might be too heavy for your curl-type. I have 2 b-c waves and my hair really doesn't do well on most shea moisture products. They weigh my hair down too much, making my waves dissappear and creating an over-all greasy, dirty look. I would recommend looking for some more lightweight products, try avoiding heavy oils and butters.

Some of my favourite brands are Giovanni, Curlsmith (the blue line mostly), Boucleme, flora & curl, Alikay Naturals, Curls and Treluxe. Most of these brands have some really nice lightweight products."
fakinittomakeit,t34h8u,"Hair feels heavy and tangles so easy. Is it too much product?&&&I started CGM a month ago and have been using Mane and Tail conditioner and once a week use the Shaemoisture curl enhancing shampoo. 

I’ve tried two styling products 

LA looks gel and Shaemoisture curl enhancing cream. 

The gel felt too heavy but I don’t feel like the curl cream does quite enough on its own. 

When I wake up my waves are in the most bizarre shape and my hair is SO tangled. A refresh isn’t an option. I have to completely rewash every morning. 

Is that just curly girl life? Is there a way to make my hair feel more natural and not like it is going to dread by the end of the day because it’s got 10lbs of product in it?&&&I put it up in a bonnet but I don’t put it in a scrunchie or anything. Do you find that makes a difference?! 

Im trying a scrunchie and silk bonnet tonight."
upset_baguette,t34h8u,Is your hair long enough to sleep with it pulled up (or do you do that already)? I do a pineapple and sleep on a satin pillowcase; the nights that I forget to pull my hair up it's a nightmare to detangle haha
1955photo,t32ory,"Your hair looks great!

I have a shag cut.   What is the difference in a wolf cut and a shag cut?"
TigerQuaranQueen,t32ory,Did you have picture you took to your hair person? Or was there something specific you told them?&&&Your hair looks great! Was there something specific you told your hair person for this cut? Or a picture you showed them?
_un1ty,t32ory,Is there a difference between wolf and shag cut?
babababish,t32ory,Yeaaaaas I was just talking to another girl on this subreddit about the shag/wolf cut. Best decision I’ve ever made. Your hair looks amazing!
flowerchildlove08,t32ory,"Wolf/Shag Cut&&&&&&I’ve been using the Aveeno Apple Cider Vinegar shampoo, Cantu leave-in Repair Cream, and Cantu Shea Butter Define & Shine Custard. 

I also used a diffuser in these pics

And I don’t know if this counts as a “routine”, but my hair is dyed red. My natural color is light blonde&&&I mean it looks pretty good after wash day, but I still need to do a little styling to make it look great&&&Thank you! And yes, I love it!&&&I just googled pics of “wolf cut” and sent her the one I liked the most&&&I googled it and it said “a wolf cut is the mixture of a shag cut and a mullet”. So basically the bottom layer of my hair is the longest. If it were on a person with straight hair, you’d probably see the different layers better. The bottom layer is generally quite a bit longer than the top, but the top layers have all the volume&&&I googled it and it said “a wolf cut is the mixture of a shag cut and a mullet”. So basically the bottom layer of my hair is the longest. If it were on a person with straight hair, you’d probably see the different layers better. The bottom layer is generally quite a bit longer than the top, but the top layers have all the volume"
ibrokeyourradio,t32ory,stunning! the shag really is made for wavy/curly hair!
mieeekeee,t32ory,I've got a very similar wave pattern to yours and have been considering a wolf cut as well. Do you feel like you have to refresh/style your hair every day in order for it to look good or can you just have a nice wash day and leave it for a few days?
SimplyKy12,t31yci,Help&&&Hi there! What are your product recommendations for 2a high porosity and high density hair? When I read up on high porosity and high density it tells me to use heavy conditioners and gels but when I read up on 2a it’s says to avoid heavier products to not weigh down the curls. I’m so confused d
Whistlekettle,t31yci,"Honestly, it’s going to take some trial and error. Someone recently posted, I think on r/curlyhair, about porosity not working the way people think it should (and I am paraphrasing) because it makes analogies to skin that don’t translate to hair. Personally I have traits that are supposed to be for high and low porosity hair and I just have kept trying things until getting to a place where I feel like I know what my hair likes. My recommendation is to buy some inexpensive gels and conditioners and see how your hair reacts. My inclination with a 2a would probably be to stay away from heavy conditioning products just because you have a looser curl pattern, but your hair could love those products!"
MsSureFire,t30ofp,"I've discovered that watering down my Curl cream with some water, then using prayer hands to refresh helps a ton with keeping frizz down and redefining my waves. Straight water has always given me extra frizz."
No-Collection-6982,t30ofp,Second this! Using too much water weight hair down so just wet hand is enough
Sagnetskylab,t30ofp,"You might try a wet hands refresh instead of spraying with water. I get more frizz using a spray bottle than when I just wet my hands. I flip all hair to one side and praying hands with water, repeat other side, then upside down, then scrunch while upside down"
itsalwayssunnyonline,t30ofp,"If you’re only adding a small amount of water to refresh it, then scrunching, that’s probably what’s causing the frizz. Waves want to clump together, but they can only do that when they’re really wet. When I refresh, I stand at the sink and genuinely take handfuls of water into my hair. Then, add product and scrunch. It’s why I rarely refresh—when I do it properly, it takes a long time to air dry (because I’m too lazy to diffuse). Remember, don’t scrunch it like crazy, because that can break up the clumps (clumps=less frizz). Scrunching each section just a couple of times is plenty.

And of course, your hair may be different from mine (I have thick 2a hair that’s medium porosity). So my advice may not work for you!!"
mikayo2023,t30ofp,"Why does my hair get super frizzy whenever I refresh with water and use oil?&&&Today I decided to refresh my waves for the first time on my second day hair with fresh cold water using a spray bottle while scrunching, then I used “Aussie miracle moist hair oil” by doing prayer hands and scrunching. I didn’t use any curl cream today since I already used it yesterday so I didn’t want to weigh my hair down too much. After doing all of that, immediately I saw a bunch of more frizz than yesterday which annoyed me lol.

Curl cream is “Miss Jessie’s pillow soft curls”"
FeministFireant,t2yktp,"Can’t make any promises, but my underlayer is _barely_ wavy. I have a bunch of hair at the nape and it’s 2a. The mid is 2b, the very top/canopy is 2c. So yours could be like that too!

Finger rolling/coiling works well to train that area to be a bit curlier and helps it maintain definition a bit longer. The tapered ends work best tho.&&&Layers, long, short, or a mix of both, are practically a must if you want defined curls/waves and volume without the triangle look. 

I like my hair in a blunt, chin length bob, but the moment it starts growing I look like a pyramid. At any other length, I’d definitely want some layers."
NanobiteAme,t2yktp,"I have super wavy hair, not sure of the actual abc# thing though, but I have a looot of it so without layers you can’t see the waves. Anyways, I find that layered cuts or shag cuts really bring out the best! Recently I added in curtain bangs to the mixed and I’ve been really loving that! So right now sporting a just below the shoulders shag w/ curtain  bangs :)"
babababish,t2yktp,The modern shag!
beryllium_sandwich,t2yktp,"Here’s what works for me:

- Tapered ends that remove weight from the bottom of the hair to promote the wave. No blunt edges.

- Cutting the hair from the nape of my head shorter than the rest of my hair (I have combo hair- super wavy on the top and straight underneath. I’m early into my wavy hair journey, and I’m still trying to determine if the straight hair is ACTUALLY straight or needs better care. But for now, this is a good solution aesthetically).

- No short layers. Only long layers. If it’s too short, my hair frizzes. Idk who told you that long layers are bad, but I wouldn’t trust them if I were you. 

- This is the most important one. Find a good cutter. Someone who listens to you and who will asses your hair when dry to determine the structure of your waves. I go into my appointment with a reference photo and bullet points of what I want to achieve to ensure I am communicating clearly. If you’re looking for a new cutter, ask them if they are familiar with wavy hair. Ask them what they would do with yours or other wavy hair-related questions that you already know the answer too… if they say something like “no long layers” or they answer your wavy-hair question incorrectly, then that may be a good indication that aren’t familiar with cutting wavy hair. 

Best luck <3"
bishthrowaway2001,t2yktp,Which haircut is best for wavy hair?&&&I currently have 2b hair with long layers but I was told long layers don’t look the best on wavy hair is this true? Should I just get a normal cut straight across the bottom?&&&Thank you!! Yeah .. she worked at great clips so she probably didn’t specialize in wavy/curly hair at all..&&&Thank you! Do you do long layers ?
bitfairytale17,t2yktp,"Seconding this. I also have a super layered bob- and blunt cuts do nothing for me, either."
blckrainbow,t2yktp,"Layers, whether short on long work best to bring out the shape your curls and make them less heavy. I prefer short layers, especially on the top, to prevent triangle hair. Plus a blunt cut straight across the bottom instead of the usual 'princess U-shape' as the latter tends to make those longest strand look thin as opposed to the straight cut which makes them more uniform and full-looking."
doom-cookie,t2yktp,Agreed! Love that they’re popular right now because I may never have thought to have tried it otherwise. Got mine cut in a shag for the first time last summer and I don’t think I’ll be switching to a different style anytime soon!
flowerchildlove08,t2yktp,"Is that another name for the Wolf cut thing? If so, I just got one two days ago, and my waves look GREAT. I will say though, my bands are an awake as length and idk what to do with them lol"
fntastk,t2yktp,"I have hair from 2b-3a and my hair stylist cuts curl by curl, essentially making long choppy layers. I've gone back to her so many times because she's the only one that can cut it how I like it lol"
growerofpalms,t2yktp,"Who gave you that feedback? Are they a reliable source of information about wavy and curly hair? Generally layers are recommended for wavy and curly hair. I had a blunt bob for a while and it was ok, but it didn’t really do much for my hair texture.  I have a super layered bob cut right now. The shorter layers let my waves really spring up and be as curly as possible. It’s a really rounded shape that works well for my aesthetic. If you prefer longer hair, long layers are a great way to show off your waves. If you Google haircuts for wavy and curly hair, then I’m sure you can find something that appeals to you."
ifthesewalls,t2yktp,I hate razor cuts. Never again.
kamomil,t2yktp,I would be cautious about layering that has really long pieces and really short ones.
lovelytones,t2yktp,I had layers all throughout my teen years and I feel like layers gave me triangle hair. I was getting my hair cut at the local Hispanic salon/barber where one lady and her daughters cut everyone's hair. I'm still too afraid to ask for layers tbh
palmacosta1,t2yktp,Razor cut shag!
sdchibi,t2yktp,"Speaking for only myself, if I don't have a few well placed layers in my wavy hair I end up with triangle head!"
thefallenlunchbox,t2yktp,"YES TO THIS - had my hair cut in a shag ~2 years ago now, and it has been a game changer for my wavy care routine."
ifthesewalls,t2xqpa,"Happy Sunday from my bedhead hair. Natural seborrheic dermatitis shampoo, locally made condition, no styling product, slept on half wet hair 🤣&&&&&&Good and all tea tree shampoo, neopel conditioner (locally made), no products, slept in half wet lol"
No-Collection-6982,t2qhez,In the morning if I want curls to last longer I need to put gel a bit to refresh
QueenLunaEatingTuna,t2qhez,I think you have to wet it completely and redo your routine with all the products again?
SmartOwls,t2qhez,"I looove curlsmith moisture memory reactivator spray. I will mist my hair with a water bottle that has some of my styler diluted into it and then use a bit of the curlsmith MMR spray. Smooth it is with prayer hands and then scrunch scrunch scrunch. 

I have medium high density thick strand medium to low porosity 2a-3b waves"
ohboyhowdy-10,t2qhez,"Better refresh method? Would post a picture of second day hair … but i always put it up. routine in comments.&&&&&&Shampoo and conditioner: i honestly use function of beauty. i know there’s some issues with it for some people, but i’ve never had an issue and have been using it for around 4 years. i wash , and the. i apply and let the conditioner sit for 5 ish minutes. de tangle with the conditioner in. 

wash day routine: wash and condition, i apply the blueberry bliss leave in conditioner, scrunch in miss jessie’s honey curls , and then i diffuse until dry. At night i put it up in a pineapple, and wrap that in a satin scarf to prevent frizz. in the morning i refresh with water , and i find my waves fall really quickly :( any tips?"
ohwellenthusiast,t2qhez,I just try to get every strand a little damp with water and try to reactivate the curl cream and clumps by scrunching until i’ve got it how i want it. wish i had something more intricate for you. i sometimes use not your mother’s sea salt spray to add some extra hold on day two if that helps.
vmartinipie,t2qhez,"To refresh I spray a mix of water and a tiny bit of leave-in, and then dilute a foam like Ouai Air Dry or Cantu Wave Foam with more water and scrunch that in. Try some product!"
JiggerJibe,t2ot4y,"Tips on what kind of protein treatment I should use and how?&&&Hey everyone! I recently started my natural hair journey (about a month and a half ago) and two things I'm really struggling with are a) I get an irregular wave pattern in odd places, eg. the bottom back of my hair, even though I make sure to comb any product I put on my hair for even distribution and b) my waves just don't want to clump together! I get very stringy waves and it makes my hair look wet and frizzy even though I scrunch off the cast and there's no real frizz. 
Some of you have suggested in another post that maybe my hair lacks protein or moisture or both. I'd say my hair is pretty moisturized since I use a moisturizing mask on every wash day plus a leave in conditioner when I start styling. I've been looking up protein treatments available in my country (most of the things that are accessible in the US/UK are pretty hard to find here) and I've come across the following as the most effective ones (according to reviews):
1) Shea Moisture Hydrate + Repair Power Protein Treatment 
2) Loreal Seriee Expert Absolut Repair Golden mask, and
3) Redken Extreme Strength Builder Plus Mask. 

Have any of you tried any of these treatments and if yes, what was your experience/would you recommend them? Also, if I were to go with one of those, should I also combine it with the respective shampoo or is it not needed? I should mention I have fine, color processed hair and a fairly loose wave pattern. Any help/advice/feedback is welcome!"
whateverthatis,t2ot4y,"I've done the shea moisture treatment and it isn't really a protein treatment. The protein is pretty far down the ingredient list and it has very moisturizing ingredients. I don't know about the other two but protein should be within the first 5-10 ingredients for it to be a protein treatment. Also look for protein ingredients that are hydrolyzed or amino acids because those smaller molecules penetrate the hair shaft better than larger ones.


Unless your hair is insanely dry, you don't need to do a moisturizing mask every wash day. Try doing a clarifying wash to reset, use regular conditioner only and see where you're at. 

Moisture and protein aren't two sides of a teeter totter - you need some measure of both for your hair."
Extra-Psychology7147,t2gswa,"So I’ve always known my hair has texture, but every time I put product in it, it went straight. I just went to Walmart today and bought a cheap curl custard and OMG!!! My hair has NEVER been so wavy!! The magic was Aunt Jackie’s Curl La La!!&&&&&&I have crazy thick hair, and all I did was shampoo with Aussie Miracle Waves shampoo and put the Curl La La in my hair when it was mostly dry and scrunched!!"
No-Collection-6982,t2gswa,Me too I never knew until I put curls products. Your hair looks good
No-Collection-6982,t2cagq,That hair looks soft and healthy
PhotoSufficient6765,t2cagq,Looks fantastic!
kfrostedfrakes,t2cagq,"Making some progress!&&&&&&Thank you!&&&Thank you! It felt really soft&&&Hair type: not positive but I think 2A medium porosity 

Routine:
- washed upside down in sink
- Shampooed with Carol’s Daughter wash day delight 
- then used NYM deep conditioning mask (leave in for around 30 min)
- Rinsed out all conditioner
- Used a little of blueberry bliss leave in (praying hands and scrunching in)
- Added a generous amount of kinky curly gel (same method above)
- Used a microfiber towel to squeeze out some water 
- Plopped for 10 min 
- Squeezed out more water from my hair gently 
- Added a little of NYM mousse
- Hover diffused to create a cast and dried roots first
- Diffused till about 90% dry and roots fully dry
- Pineappled hair overnight with satin scrunchie
- SOTC in the morning and will use a little of NYM refresh foam if need touch up"
HonestlyRespectful,t2bu0y,"I don't think so. With that amount of hair, you most likely wear it up most of the time. I would definitely cut your splits, but unless you keep it down and styled, there's no reason to do cgm, especially if you're only 2a. If you are going to do it, lightweight *everything* is best, shampoo, conditioner, and maybe one product, that's it. I'm growing my 2a-3b hair out currently, but know that it'll be up most of the time, so there's no way I'd do a full cgm routine... Possibly on my original wash day, but I know that for the other 3-5 days after that it's going to be up in a protective style.

Edit: I'm only 5 feet tall... so if your hair is really that long, you must wear it up most of the time OR already have a great protective routine where most of your hair doesn't break off, even though you say you have a sea of split ends. I wouldn't try to change anything now, other than trimming off your splits.... it's obviously working for you, as is."
PunzyTab,t2bu0y,"I have close to five feet of wavy (possibly 2A, high porosity) hair. Is the curly girl method worth messing with if I never intend to cut it?&&&I’ve just washed, conditioned, and combed for years. Occasionally I blow dry it, but overall I’m pretty minimalistic about my hair. I’ve never cut it, and it’s a sea of split ends. I can provide more info, but that’s the basics.&&&Hi! Thanks for taking the time to reply! I appreciate your advice on protecting it—I ordered something to wear it in at night, and I’m still browsing about looking for something I really like to wear as hair protection for outdoors. (I’ve never been very proactive about protecting it while I’m sleeping or outdoors.)

I understand the split ends won’t vanish, but I don’t intend to trim my hair. Fortunately, the tangles ceased to be much of an issue as the weight of my hair shifted it from extremely wavy to just wavy. My hair’s actually pretty easy to care for—I’m just hoping to add more moisture to it. The funny thing is, I’ve always used lots of lotions to moisturize my dry skin. It just didn’t occur to me that my hair would need help as well. 😂&&&Thanks for taking the time to reply! 

Yes, it’s up a lot. I’m 5’8”, so it’s a few inches above my ankles and a nuisance if I’m doing tasks that involve constantly leaning over. I wear it down maybe once or twice a week. It’s up or in a braid, shortening it considerably the rest of the time.  

However, since my motivation for trying cgm is more moisturized hair, not curls or waves, I’ve been in the fence about it. I appreciate the advice to keep product light. Thanks!"
ktlate,t2bu0y,"If you have splits ends, cutting them off is the only way to remedy them. They'll only get worse otherwise. If you're considering cgm in order to prevent damage, a very simple routine that gears towards protection is probably your best bet. Keep it moisturized, protect it when sleeping, and protect it from the elements. The split ends are probably causing your hair to be extra tangled. Once you cut them, just make sure you're gentle with your hair."
lilacsandpeonies,t2bu0y,"The nice thing about wavy is that you can make your routine as complex or simple as you want—your waves will just vary based on effort. With that much hair it’s going to be hard to do some things, like plop, bowl method, etc. But, you can always try a few things and see how they go—like maybe try a leave in and some gel or mousse. Your length may weigh down the curls, but it’s worth trying a couple times, I’d say. Also, of course, if you get a trim, the curls may bounce a bit more without the split ends going wonky.&&&Also, I’ve had hair past my waist before and always just brushed it for simplicity and speed. This is the first of many growings-out that I’m attempting to maintain the wave. We’ll see when it gets past my shoulder blades whether I can keep it up or just give up and start brushing again, LOL"
Annillu,t2bjyz,I LOVE Your hair color!
BananaMartini,t2bjyz,Yes you are
ericakay15,t2bjyz,"I'm just having a great hair day, today.&&&&&&I have a simple routine for the most part. 

I washed my hair Thursday with blue and purple color depositing shampoo and conditioned with a mix of herbal essences moisture and color my happy conditioner. Wrapped my hair up in a microfiber hair turban for 45 minutes so it was damp and just give my hair a little shake and let it finish air drying that way. 

I wet my hair and run a wife tooth comb through to remove all the tangles and knots prior to shampooing. I always do half and half since I have a ton of very thick hair.

ETA: extra messy because I just took the beanie ive been wearing for the last 3 hours, off. And when I don't use the color depositing shampoo, I just use the color me happy shampoo.&&&Thank you 🤭 I've had it since October and thinking of keeping it for a while&&&Thank you so much! 😊"
relativelyravyn,t2bjyz,I love the color combo! Looks so nice with your waves.
OfficeGothGF,t2bhe3,"Playing around with a homemade salt spray and&&&&&&Routine: Condition with Okay Coconut and Castor Oil conditioner, add L'Oreal Kids Detangler (for silicones), let sit for ~10min, wash out, plop for an hour, add salt spray then defuse cold"
2a2b2c,t28cp7,"I’ve been bleaching and dyeing my hair for years, there’s definitely a limit to how much it can take before I lose some curl but it’s totally worth it. Especially with highlights, as long as it’s done well it shouldn’t change your pattern much. You might be able to get bond builders as part of the process, definitely ask your stylist!

I do suggest getting an at-home bond building treatment like Olaplex No3 to use on a consistent basis, as well as a protein heavy deep conditioner! Read the ingredients though; a lot of products market themselves as protein rich but don’t actually have protein ingredients high up in the formula. Hask Keratin Deep Conditioner (in the square packets) is my personal favorite, it’s helped my bleach damage a lot. I used it religiously back when I last overdid the bleaching (a few years ago…it wasn’t a good look lol). I do wish it came in a larger size though.

Anyway, in my opinion you should definitely go for it, it’s unlikely that it’d change your pattern too much (or at all). Even if it does somehow go wrong, what’s life without a good ol hair disaster every once in awhile! It adds spice lol

Edit: grammar"
KMND13,t28cp7,"Want highlights but I’m scared!&&&Hi everyone! I’ve realized my hair was wavy about 3.5 months ago when I got it cut. It was straight my whole life (like perfectly pin straight, soft, silky) and then I went through some hormonal changes a few years ago and now it’s wavy which I love! I am finally getting a routine down that gives me results that I like, but I’ve also been considering getting some highlights to give my hair more dimension. I’m really worried it would ruin my progress, though. Anyone have thoughts?&&&Yeah I’ve literally never dyed my hair before (I’m almost 24) and now that it’s wavy and a lot shorter than it used to be I’m feeling like I might want to take the plunge!&&&Thanks so much everyone! I think I’ll go for it eventually - my hair is generally really healthy and coarse/low porosity so I think it can handle it. I also use olaplex 3 every 6 weeks-ish. I would say it’s a level 6 or 7 so probably wouldn’t need thaaaat much bleach either."
KetoKey,t28cp7,"I just got highlights on virgin hair, and my curls are even more defined. I love the look now."
Retiredgiverofboners,t28cp7,"Just do it, I did and it looks better than ever"
blckrainbow,t28cp7,"I've had mine bleached multiple times and use semi-permanent fashion colors, and while my curl pattern didn't suffer, I did notice some breakage, but I started using Olaplex 3 after bleaching and it definitely helped a lot, so I very much recommend it. Also deep-conditioning and protein treatments both before and after can help a lot, along with not using harsh bleach but rather one that bleaches slowly over the course of time instead of 15 minutes."
cottontailsandBBC,t28cp7,"My hair is currently blue, and still wavy/curly. Protein masks/rice water is your friend. If it makes you happy, go for it. Life is too short to not color your hair!"
shartlobsterdog,t28cp7,"I’m not a professional, but I was plat blonde for a year, and I was getting highlights before that. As long as you don’t have super thin hair, it’s in good shape, and you learn how to take care of processed hair, you should be fine! Just don't go overboard unless you want to screw up your hair, take it from me lol"
Inattendue,t22b8s,Definitely.
Me-La-Pelas1,t22b8s,Scrunch it should bring out more curl
No-Collection-6982,t22b8s,Yes even curly. We been to see the full head
PhotoSufficient6765,t22b8s,Yes.
Queasy_16,t22b8s,Is my hair wavy?&&&&&&Ok thank u!
Traditional_Travesty,t22b8s,A straight line looks like . . . not that
paruparox,t22b8s,yup! try styling it wavy/curly :)
Fox-with_socks,t204ax,"I’m getting a haircut today and I’m not sure what to ask for&&&I’m pretty new to cgm and properly taking care of my hair, so I’m not sure what to ask my hairdresser for today at my haircut. I have hair that’s mostly 2b and some 2a, and I’d like to get layers since I think some of my curls are getting weighed down. Hopefully with layers, my hair can become 2b all around. What do you recommend I ask my hairstylist for? Just layers, or is there a specific kind of cut I should be asking her for?&&&This is pretty much what I did and I think it turned out good, but right now it’s air drying so we’ll see"
QueenLunaEatingTuna,t204ax,Following
SlothySnail,t204ax,"When I went to my stylist I just washed my hair as normal and let it air dry. I went like that and said this is my hair as it is normally, please help lol. So she did a dry cut like that and it turned out very well. She was able to see the layers and where they were needed based on my wave pattern. Highly recommend a dry cut if they will do that."
joellemelissa,t204ax,Absolutely ask your stylist! They are the knowledgeable professional and are there to help you achieve your hair goals!
ohvaez,t204ax,"Honestly if you don’t have a particular style in mind, I’d just go in and tell her what you told us. “My hair is not as wavy in some areas and I think it is being weighed down and I’d like them to be more even. What do you recommend to achieve this?” And then work with her to pick a length and shape that fits into what she recommends for evening out your texture."
Accomplished-Tackle2,t1yt59,Oh yes!  Looks great. Thanks for sharing.
Botanisosurus_Rex,t1yt59,"Best refresh product I've found! First picture is 3rd day hair fresh down from a pineapple. Second picture is after using NYM Curl Talk Refresh Foam! Love it!&&&&&&Yeah, I could see it not working on sopping wet hair. Its very light. I'm gonna get rid of all my other refresh products now cause I love this so much!&&&I've only done it in dry hair so far and it works well for me! I may have to try damp&&&I hope it works for you!&&&For this refresh:
I take my hair out of the pineapple. I work with my hair in 3 sections: left, back, right. I pump 3 pumps into my hands and smush it into both hands. I smooth one hand over one section of the hair. Then I smush my hands again and scrunch the section with both hands. Repeat for the other 2 sections. And tada! Done!"
FlSmidget,t1yt59,Do you refresh on dry or damp hair? I just bought it and haven’t figured out which way I like it better.
PM_ME_heartwarmth,t1yt59,"Oooo I’m still looking for a miracle refresh product, I’m gonna check this out! 

The best I found so far is just hair milk in general"
franfran87,t1yt59,I am in the same boat! I like it but can’t figure out if it’s better to apply on damp or dry hair. Feels weird on dry hair but ends up creating about the same cast
itsmyvoice,t1yt59,hmmm. I think I have that stuff upstairs and tried it on sopping wet hair after my shower and hated it.  I'll have to try it for refresh!
jimineycrickette,t1yt59,"Ive tried both and prefer the dry application for more defined waves, but I’ll apply it as a single styler on wet hair for softer ones."
kimberlymarie30,t1yt59,I love this too!  Great product
No-Collection-6982,t1tsxt,"Less water to style wavy hair vs lot’s of water soaking wet&&&Do you feel like using less water to restyle your wavy hair is better? 


I tried to just wet my hand when I put some products on my hair and I see that my hair can hold curls better and plus dry much faster  than before when I spray water until my hair soaking wet&&&Do you add any more products after spray water&&&I like that I don’t need to wet my hair every morning. It feels much better to do this way&&&That’s what I did ! Wet hand > leave in > bit of gel> scrunch . This give me better wave than wet hair&&&I think that too . Mine takes 6 hours to dry if I style with wet hair . I don’t want to wet my hair every day&&&2B  normal porosity 

In the morning when I refresh my curls. I noticed that when I used less water I got better results. My wave stay longer during the day . Do you experience this too?&&&Oh I will try on wash day too . I was thinking that when I put my gel in a shower I feel like most of them was diluted with water and I also don’t like when products dripping on my neck and face&&&Yes, instructions on my gel said ….wet your hands and apply gel lol 😂&&&My hair is medium porosity, just little water on my hand and gel can wet it 50%"
REKelley,t1tsxt,"I think water weighs my hair down too much or all the product drips out with the water if I apply to soaking wet hair. It also increases drying time.

I have low porosity hair that takes forever to dry"
SmartOwls,t1tsxt,"I apply products to soaking wet hair on wash day and for refresh I use a spray bottle and lightly mist my hair to reactivate the product, scrunch and done. I don't need to rediffuse and its air dry within 10 minutes. 

2a-3b thick both in density and individual strands medium to low porosity hair"
SweetNSauerkraut,t1tsxt,"I agree. I put water in my hands and kind of rope it through and it works great. If I get it soaking wet, especially near the crown, I get frizz. I also damp style. 

I’m 2c, normal to low porosity, coarse."
WubbaLubba_DubDubb,t1tsxt,"I've a 2A/B low porosity, thin, very dense hair and my waves hold up much better when I damp style instead of wet style."
ichorhearted,t1tsxt,Honestly I just follow the instructions for the product. I find that results of wet vs damp styling depends a lot of the product being used. I have very coarse/wiry 2b hair
kirstyyycat666,t1tsxt,"No matter what I do, it comes out better with less water. Even wash day, I dry my hair until it's only a little more wet than just damp, and then i apply cream and gel. 

My curly stylists told me that if you apply product to sopping wet hair, you are just watering down the product."
moosiemoop,t1tsxt,"I style on damp hair on wash day. To refresh I’ve been trying a new method. I wet my hands, put a little leave in conditioner, emulsify, and then use praying hands to smooth it down my hair. It’s been working well! I tried applying gel after the leave in once and it turned out good, I just haven’t tried it again."
sopeepee2002,t1tsxt,"I have a really weak curl pattern (truly just 2a) and I find if I use a lot of water when styling I get the best definition. But I agree with everyone else, I often use just wet hands to refresh on other days, and use a light foam. Anything else and lose all definition. Plus it air dries really quick so it's easy to do before you have to leave the house."
unoriginal_skillet_,t1tsxt,"idk i think it depends. i dont really have the option of using less water because my hair is so low porosity that i could dump a cup of water on it and it just rolls off, maybe dampens the top part if i scrunch it."
HonestlyRespectful,t1othz,"Gena Marie did a mythbusters on glycerin... maybe you're avoiding the wrong things?

https://youtu.be/I99Ob2QtS64"
murrion,t1othz,Curls Blueberry Bliss! I will use just a dime sized amount if I need some protein.
purpletreegrl,t1othz,Not your mothers curl talk leave in has protein
upset_baguette,t1othz,"Leave-in with protein&&&Does anyone have any leave-ins they really like that don't have glycerine or propylene glycol? I'm planning on trying the kc knot today at some point, but it doesn't have any protein and my hair needs a lot of protein. 

If you have them I'd also love to hear about any other non-gel products you love that have protein and no glycerine or propylene glycol as well!

My hair is very frizzy and medium porosity (build up is not generally a problem for me, except for with the aussie instant freeze gel for some reason)&&&Oh yeah! I looked at that one for a while and then I think I saw that it had glycerine somewhere but now that I just checked again I don't see any glycerine lol 😅. Maybe there's more than one formula floating around out there? Either way I'll check next time I see it in person, thanks!&&&I have actually seen that video! I love her channel (I have low to medium density and she has a lot of helpful videos on that too). Unless I missed something, she's more so testing whether glycerin can dry out your hair in the winter and I'm in the opposite position. The majority of the year where I live dew points are in the 80s (⁰F) or even higher, and I have noticed that when I avoid glycerin (at least in the first half or so of the ingredients list) during humid weather my hair lasts better. Ive noticed glycerin really turns my hair to mush when it's humid out (maybe bcs of how much protein my hair needs so the balance gets thrown off with that much moisture? Idk lol).

I do appreciate the information though! I'm not super strict on ""hair rules"" and like learning about what we could have been told wrong or what has nuance and isn't an absolute rule, etc. (For ex I do use some silicones and waxes bcs of the humid climate)"
