index,id,comments
Butterbeer_and_books,ss263u,"Problem with Curlsmith make your hair feel waxy?&&&I bought Curlsmith around Black Friday having high hope because I have heard great things about their products. I was so excited to use them but it left my hair feeling straw like when wet and when dry if felt waxy. It was really weird and then they wouldn’t give me a refund or let me return it even though I still had 8ish days to do so. They answered one of my emails saying use less which I already tried and when I responded they ignored my emails for a week until it was too late to return them. I am really bummed because I am 15 and I dont have much money, but I saved up from my birthday, Christmas, and babysitting to buy it and now I just have it sitting in my bathroom closet. Has anybody else had an experience similar to this?"
MsSureFire,ss263u,"Yup, Curlsmith always makes my hair feel like wax. I've tried a decent amount of their stuff, and every one of their products does that to my hair. I've tried them every which way, and it's still waxy.

It just may the hair type that doesn't play nice. I've read that lots of other wavies have had success with it.

I'm sorry they haven't been very responsive in getting your stuff returned. I wish I had some guidance to give other than just keep pestering them. It always sucks to spend money on something, not have it work out, and then have the company give you the run around on returns."
jubjub9876a,ss263u,"I love curlsmith. Especially the scalp line. But the moisture line is sometimes too heavy for me. Could be that the product is too heavy

You can sell them online. You won't get all your money back but people do buy open products a lot"
Final-Product1541,ss21yx,Pic 4 is amaZing
HealingAlixir,ss21yx,"Oh my gosh this is the first time I’m seeing hair just like mine!!
I sleep with my hair in a really high ponytail with a silk scrunchie so that my hair is all laid out above me when I sleep. But I don’t move around a lot when I sleep.
If I have weird pieces when I wake up I just separate them into a chunk I can re-wet in the sink."
MrsWhite1922,ss21yx,"Weird texture help part 2&&&&&&Thanks for replying!! My hair has gotten so much straighter after having kids, but it’s long and thick now so it’s hard to complain! I guess we just can’t have it all haha.&&&Pic 4 is what it looks like brushed but pic 3 is what is hiding underneath lol pic 1 and 2 are what it looks like unbrushed. I think I like it! I had no idea my hair could still be wavy at this length. How would you guys sleep with this kind of hair? Anyway to preserve the wave? Or is it just going to be crazy the next day and need to be braided lol thanks so much!&&&Hi I am so bad at using Reddit!!! I made a post earlier. I followed one of the advice on there and did not brush my hair out and it turned out way wavier than normal!&&&Okay I will try this! Thank you!&&&So nice!! Thank you!&&&I haven’t thought about mousse in forever! I used to love it though haha I will have to try to pick some up! Thank you&&&That’s a great idea! Last night I left it up above the pillow and through my headboard and it worked okay but I think a scrunchie would be better&&&So what I did differently as far as routine is i used a little hair gel! I I used the gel from Carina Organics. I use it on my daughters hair and it seemed to work well I guess!&&&Thank you!! I twist it up into a big knot on my head when it is almost dry and then I get those kind of big waves&&&Being in the middle is so weird lol hopefully I can bring out more texture if I’m nicer to it but maybe not either haha&&&Thank you so much!! Lots of people say to cut it but I’m over here trying to grow it as long as I can haha! Do you have a favorite mousse?!"
No-Collection-6982,ss21yx,Beautiful mermaid hair
WreckItRicatoni,ss21yx,I think it looks cool
juschillin101,ss21yx,"My hair is wavy like this, I find the waves actually show up more (and look less unkempt or frizzy) the longer my hair is. I absolutely love my turbie twist (my aquis hair turban was way more expensive and despite that it’s now too stretched out to be usable), I use an anti frizz mousse on my wet hair right after I wash it and let it air dry, if I want to maintain the waves I will use my hands to comb through it but not brush it, as this turns my hair into frizz city. Good on you for growing out your hair so long, it looks gorgeous! I always end up getting annoyed at the time it takes to wash and then get it cut off periodically 😂"
madeanaccount4baby,ss21yx,"I have hair very similar to yours (even does pic 3 lol), though mine is not as long..closer to waist length. I prefer how mine looks brushed out like in picture 4, though yours looks so pretty in all of the pics! Whatever you are doing is working well. For sleep, I just like to pile it up above my head and over my pillow. I use a silk pillowcase. In the AM I gently detangle with a wide tooth comb, lightly mist with a spray bottle on the mids/ends, then rake some product in with my fingers (I use Olaplex no6 and a serum, but whatever you want), and the lightly mist again."
misskgreene,ss21yx,Yeah this is my hair too. Not pin straight but not actually wavy. Argh.
stolemyheartandmycat,ss21yx,"Your hair is gorgeous! If you want to get the most out of your waves, try to use products that are as lightweight as possible. I also have long wavy hair, and I second the commenter who said ""squish to condish,"" but with hair as long and presumably heavy as yours, try to rinse as much of the conditioner out as possible after StC. Also avoid heavy oily conditioners (coconut oil is a no-go for me) because it weighs the hair down. I try to buy conditioners specifically for ""waves"" rather than curls as they tend to be lighter. And try squishing mousse into your hair when you get out of the shower rather than gel, it's much lighter!"
thelonelyberry,ss21yx,"I had similar hair like that when I had it long, but this was when I was in high school and didn’t really try to take care of my hair. I don’t know how to help you, but this is the first time I’ve seen hair similar to what I used to have. Although yours may be a tad bit wavier than mine was. It’s still beautiful 😌"
vobiewankenobi,ss21yx,"I’m not sure the technique you are using to apply conditioner, but I live and die by “squish to condish” where instead of running your hands/fingers through your hair to de-tangle, you bend at the waist so your head is upside down and squish your hair up with the conditioner. It is supposed to sound funny. It’s kind of hard to explain, but I’m sure there are lots of videos online that can be more visual."
ADogNamedPen239,sry2un,"Girl I have fine hair too and I feel this post so much. As far as leave-ins, I’ve only found two so far that work for my hair without weighing it down: the Verb curl leave-in and the Living Proof restore perfecting spray. The Living Proof one is a really watery spray, not really a traditional leave-in, but it’s enough slip for me to get my wet brush through which is vital for me to avoid tangles, and the Verb is more of a traditional conditioner style so I have to use it sparingly but it does a really good job and it’s my favorite.

As far as sleeping, I wish I had a good solution. I’ve tried pineappleing, unicorn pineappleing, half up pineappleing, two types of satin bonnets, a satin scarf, Medusa clipping, and a satin pillowcase. None of them EVER work for me. What I’ve settled on as the best of my subpar options is the combination of a silk pillowcase and a special type of memory foam pillow. It’s kind of hard to explain, but one side is flat and the other side has like a dip/valley thing going down the middle. It’s meant to support your neck or something. What I’ve found works for me is to use the dip side, lay my head on the edge, and sort of fan my hair above my head into the dip in the pillow. It keeps my big head from squishing my waves to death. The results in the morning aren’t nearly ready to go level, but they’re good enough that I only need a little mist instead of fully drenching my head and diffusing again.

Speaking of diffusing, I would highly recommend it. If I air dry my fine hair all the waves drop out and it weirdly enough gets more tangled than with diffusing. I also use a nice gel (Briogeo curl charisma gel) so diffusing gives me a good cast I can scrunch out, leading to better and longer lasting definition.

I hope any of this helps! Good luck finding what works for you!"
DR_RabidPixy,sry2un,"Trying to embrace the wave but struggling with my fine hair&&&I've recently moved to an area with higher humidity and have decided to embrace my natural waves. I had been living in the desert before and until now my hair dried somewhat straight. Now, on day 2 after washing my hair I wake up with a tangly and frizzy mess unless I blow dry it straight or fully soak it with water.

**Here are the issues I'm struggling with:** 

1. Tangles!  If I use any leave-in products they seem to weigh down my super-fine hair and if I don't it tangles. Brushing or washing always seems to be necessary on day 2.

2. Shape: If I use anything with too much hold I feel like my hair looks like a nest of varying S's and Z's. The next day my hair is even more of a nest. Any attempts to refresh it seem to make matters worse.

**Hair type**: very fine, low density, high porosity (In the desert, \~1B, anywhere else \~2a?)

Notes on routine: I wash my hair about every other day, and occasionally need to use an anti-dandruff shampoo (ketoconazole). My hair is color treated, and I do use silicones but feel like it does keep down the frizz to some degree. Monthly treatments include Olaplex 1 and 2, weekly moisturizing hair masks for ends, and deposit only pigment based hair color (but I've used harsher coloring methods in the past). I have recently started weekly dusting of split ends. I have a satin pillow case but doesn't seem to help much, neither does the pineapple, which usually either falls out anyway or leaves lines in my fine hair.

**Routine 1 (solid green shirt):** 

1. Wash with Maple Holistics Winter Blend Shampoo
2. Condition with Kenra Restorative Reconstructor (contains dimethicone)
3. Use wetbrush with conditioner
4. Rinse out conditioner and gently support curls
5. Microplop (all I had was terry that day, but I usually use microfiber)
6. Mist with water with a small dollop of gel and pump of OGX Quenching + Coconut Curls Frizz-Defying Curl Styling Milk mixed in (the milk contains amodimethicone)
7. Air dry
8. Day 2: Tangly, cannot finger comb, and needs to be brushed which turns into a frizzy mess

**Routine 2 (camo shirt):**

1. Wash with OGX Strength Length + Golden Turmeric Shampoo
2. Condition with Keratin Care Keratin Color Care Conditioner (contains silicones as well)
3. Use wetbrush with conditioner
4. Rinse out conditioner and gently support curls, upside down
5. Squish in a pump of OGX Quenching + Coconut Curls Frizz-Defying Curl Styling Milk
6. Squish in about 2 golf ball sized amounts of mousse (all I had was Ion root lifter)
7. Plop with flour sack towel for 30 minutes
8. Attempt to fix wonky pieces by wetting and using Not Your Mother's Curl Talk Gel and give up
9. Day 2: Messy beyond repair and need to wash 

&#x200B;

[Routine 1](https://preview.redd.it/dxln15ys4ph81.jpg?width=3024&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=1fffce0506649d58d948baa7cf2c5bf05a7fe952)

[Routine 1](https://preview.redd.it/ca06b4ys4ph81.jpg?width=1743&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=5484c99f374a3c83da677087cc9aeeaa30c39e6a)

[Routine 2](https://preview.redd.it/ink6z0ys4ph81.jpg?width=2177&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=691c0c2f5d76e404db364adafd9bf62ee2e90a62)

&#x200B;

[Routine 2](https://preview.redd.it/2qb351715ph81.jpg?width=1183&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=c26703150f307489794ae4d87e54712c1ad93f5b)"
agalthatlovescoffee,sry2un,"I have 2B-3A waves/curls and brush my hair 3x per wash day because my hair is fine and tangles easily.  You may need to do something similar to help with the tangles.  Depending on the technique, I also find that it helps with definition, too. I dry brush before I shower, use a Wet Brush in the shower to comb through my conditioner, and then I brush again after the shower before applying styling products (either with a Wet Brush or Denman).  I scrunch back in water to recreate clumps before adding my styling products. You could also try using a spray bottle to add back in water. This is the best way I found to keep waves/curls intact while minimizing tangles.  Also, have you tried diffusing?  Drying your hair faster might help eliminate tangles.

For sleeping, I use a satin pillowcase and use a scrunchie.  My hair isn't quite long enough on the bottom for a regular pineapple, but I do a super high ponytail.  I like the scrunchie because it doesn't leave indents in my hair, unlike a regular ponytail.  Maybe give that a try?  I know some other people will also use a buff to protect their hair, but I personally haven't tried it.

You may also need to experiment a bit with your routine to see if other methods help with the tangles and day 2 hair.  I never plop because it makes my curls wonky, and it took me over a year before I could apply products upside down without getting wonky curls.  It can be frustrating, but I guarantee your hair will continue to improve the longer you care for your waves :)"
Fearless_Number_7207,srxxkg,"Does my hair sound wavy or straight?&&&I apologize for not posting a reference picture, but the best way I can explain my hair is that its pretty much pin straight with little to no frizz. It also doesn't look damaged at all and the only thing I put in my hair is shampoo and conditioner and i let it air dry. The weird thing is, when my hair is wet from the shower and I let it air dry, I'll get these big waves in my hair, but they're only there for an hour until my hair falls completely flat and straight. I'm stuck because I really love the waves that form while they're air drying, but I don't know if it's my natural hair type or not.&&&Exaaactly! Even when I curl my hair with heat the waves don't like to stay for too long. I hope we find the answer soon!&&&That's a good idea, thanks for the suggestion!&&&That's true! I've had super long hair since I was 6 years old, it wasn't until I was 16 I chopped a lot of it off. My hair was still straight, but it got even wavier when it was wet."
Lawwife78,srxxkg,"The way you can test it out is to scrunch some gel in it when it’s wet and see if those waves will stick around. Your hair sounds a lot like mine, but you’d have to try something with hold to know more."
cobaltandchrome,srxxkg,"If it’s long, the weight of the hair itself and more so the weight of the water in your hair is pulling it straight as it dries. Have you ever had short hair?"
jubjub9876a,srxxkg,It's more than likely straight but the only way to know is to try some products. Sometimes it's best not to manipulate it too much imo.
tacho_19,srxxkg,"Your hair sounds the exact same as mine! I just learned that it might be wavy so I feel like I'm always lying to myself because it falls flat within the next day. I'm hoping if I just stick with it I can bring the waves out more but it's so much effort for so little reward right now.

I wish I had an answer for you - but I'm looking for that answer for myself now! I've been trying to 'refresh' between washes but not much luck there either."
cypress__,srww5i,This is helpful! I still struggle with upside-down styling - I get just a few good clumps and when I flip my head right-side up they break down into sad spaghetti-like stringy pieces. I'll try not scrunching them early in the process.
ermmy,srww5i,Interesting. Could you elaborate on how exactly you let the water separate the hair?
natalie-is-freezing,srww5i,"A tip for fine, low density wavies&&&My hair is super fine and there’s not a lot of it, and this helped me go from thin, stringy waves to big, soft waves.
The only thing I do different is when I’m rinsing out conditioner (upside down) I let the water separate my hair into about 8 big clumps. They are straight at this point and I don’t scrunch while rinsing. Then throughout the rest of everything else I try to keep these 8 big clumps intact, through scrunching the water out of each clump separately, scrunch drying with a t shirt, plopping, and adding gel. When I finally flip my head right side up, they’ll separate into smaller clumps, then I try to touch as little as possible until dry. Once dry they’re still in such big clumps that I can scrunch and shake the curls quite a bit to get rid of crunch and make them look soft. This seems like a no brainer but man it made such a huge difference for me. Hope it helps anyone who’s having issues with stringy waves from not having tons of hair.&&&I think that’s the key for me, not scrunching too much. I used to get out of the shower and immediately scrunch dry my hair, add gel, then plop but now I scrunch dry, plop with no product, do everything else including getting fully dressed, then unplop, add gel, squeeze extra gel out with the tshirt, and flip. Also other than carefully initially squeezing out water from each clump in the shower, and adding the gel, I only touch my hair with the tshirt. My fingers seem to break up the clumps too much.&&&I’ve tried right side up and for whatever reason (gravity?) I can’t get anything close to enough body or lift at the top of my head. I envy ppl who can do right side up because there’s more control. The back of my head/lowest back layer is a crap shoot most days. It’s the least curly for sure but it’s kind of covered up by the shorter layers. I also put a ton of gel on most of my hair but just a couple quick pats on the back of my head and crown/bangs for frizz. You’ve inspired me now to work on that lowest layer!&&&Yeah, so my head is upside down and instead of squishing while the conditioner is rinsing out I’m letting the water flow through without touching it much. I’ve finger combed it upside down to get the hair ‘in place’ before being rinsed. I’ve also combed through it earlier with a wide tooth comb so it’s very detangled. The water itself is naturally separating it into really big sections. My hair is straight at this point from water and gravity. Sometimes I finger comb a section to separate if it’s too big, or finger comb (guide) a small section into a bigger one.  My concern is getting the hair into kinda equal sections. For me it’s 8 equal-ish sections but if you have more hair it’ll be more (I do not have a lot of hair). Also if you’re curlier it may be different. I’m 2c wavy. I also have low porosity hair so water kinda glides over it. I don’t worry about trying to get a curl until I’ve shut off the water and carefully scrunch each clump or two separately. If I scrunch a curl badly I’ll just start over but that doesn’t happen often. I hope I’m answering your question. :-)
Edit: I added a smiley&&&I air dry because I’m lazy and my work schedule allows it. But when I diffuse everything gets curlier so I should really do it more often."
ohvaez,srww5i,"How do you prevent waves/curls on the back of your head from being stretched out and sticking to your scalp? I have very fine hair and the weight of the water plasters my hair to the back of my head if I do upside down styling so I usually stick to right side up, but I’ll try anything that helps with larger clumps! I have to fight stringiness constantly."
waspinthehospitalost,srww5i,"Big clump gang! Thanks for explaining your process :) Do you air dry or diffuse? I have a mega clump that always forms no mater what, and it takes *forever* to dry, even with diffusing. I usually get impatient and separate the mega clump even though it causes frizz"
Cosmo_Kramer0703,srwsrx,"I have this exact thing. Like I literally thought you posted my own pic. And on myself, I HATE IT. If i give a shit that day and want it all even and nice looking I either have to curl all my hair with a curling iron or braid it into braided sections after a shower… or I gotta straighten it all out which takes forever. I usually let it air dry and just pretend I don’t know it looks like that and go about my business though 🤣"
Cricket705,srwsrx,I have the same issue.  That spot loves to be different for me and I don't know what to do to get the rest of my hair to join it.
MrsWhite1922,srwsrx,"Weird texture help!&&&&&&I have fine hair that is probably medium porosity. I use Ayurvedic hair care techniques. I make my own shampoo with powdered herbs. On days that I use a ton of oiling, I shampoo it with Avalon organics rosemary shampoo. The only products I use are light oils when detangling&&&Would it be possible to bring out this texture everywhere if I stop brushing it dry?? Other than that, I take good care of my hair. Due to the length, it gets so tangly!! That is why I started dry brushing throughout the day. What might help the fine hair tangling issues? Thank you for the help!&&&Yay thank you! I made a new post showing how it looked with a gel in and not brushing it out. Hopefully that’s easy to find? I’m guessing it will only continue to lose definition though since I’m planning on growing it out more lol&&&Yay thank you all for the input!! I made a part 2 post that shows what it looked like when I didn’t brush it as it was drying! I had no idea it was still wavy like that! Thank you all for the advice :)"
cerberus_scritches,srwsrx,"I find this happens to my hair due to brushing. Now I flip my head upside down to comb. My top layer of hair only gets the tips of the tines because it's upside down. The combing only (no brush) has been part of the improvement too I think. I use a *very* wide tooth shower comb. Best results when only combing wet with conditioner/detangler in the hair but that's hard to keep up with when I'm active or outdoors.  When my hair was your length I just really had to admit that I needed to keep my hair in protective styles (french braid, tiered ponytails, etc) unless I was styling it for a dinner date or something. I ended up getting a bob cut because I wanted it down more and love how I can get wind in my hair now without panicking lol. I'm a super low maintenance hairstyle person though, so with more effort than mine (which is none, lol) you'll get better results."
guacaflockaflames,srwsrx,"And!! I never dry brush. I brush before shower, then add products while it’s wet and be very gentle with the curls. All while scrunching&&&I’m no expert but I have a similar problem. A hair cut has treated me well. All those curlies are begging to be seen and when they have less weight, they will shine. I’d say over all cut, layers and proper hair product such as cream, gel or something similar."
mymental_experience,srwsrx,Sometimes the top does different things because its exposed to UV rays and the elements more than the bottom. Mine does a similar thing.
shvkspeares,srwsrx,"I have the same thing! The back right side of my head is the same wave pattern as yours under the rest of my hair when I don’t style it. The rest looks almost straight and frizzy. I’ve found that using gel and mousse gets my hair to wave up pretty well, that back part turns into loose ringlets and the rest has a nice wave to it. Getting a shag type cut can help too, I did mine at home following a YouTube video"
Cumedybungbung,srwl2l,Sounds like a low maintenance kind of guy.  I’d tell him to add a leave in conditioner to his routine. Apply to damp towel dried hair. Comb through beginning at the ends working up towards roots slowly. Air dry. Done.
thewaveoflife,srwl2l,"Help me help my boyfriend&&&My boyfriend (25M) has shoulder length straight/wavy hair. The ends are pretty healthy, however, the top half is very thin, frizzy, and dull. I think part of it may be due to inconsistent hair trims, but I think it is also due to the shampoo/conditioner he’s been using (L’oreal Curls). He also does not have any routine other than just shampoo/condition/air dry. 

Does anyone have any recommendations for hair products/routine for his type of hair? I have super long and thick 2B/2C hair so I’m not sure how to help lol. Thank you!!&&&Okay thank you!!"
Calm-Platform1987,srvbs0,Is your name actually Claire Gordon?? Because my name is Clare Corden!!! Closest I’ve ever come to finding a name twin!!!
No-Collection-6982,srvbs0,I think you can get more curls with more extra gel
clairegordon,srvbs0,"Feel like I’m finally making some progress&&&&&&That’s so funny!!! No but it is a combination of my almost name and my dads middle name!!&&&I think you’re right. Right now it’s just mouse.
Or however the heck that’s spelled&&&Aussie wavy shampoo and conditioner. Very light on conditioner only on the ends. Scrunch BIG spray on mousse on damp hair warp in microfiber turban for sleep. Next morning diffuse hair with cool air only turning on when hair is bundled in the bowl and off before taking out. Repeat till hair is 95%dry."
motheroffawns,srv0su,"Dry ends/oily scalp, Low Porosity shampoo and conditioner recommendations&&&So I've only recently started to understand the need for finding the right products for ones hair, and this is my cry for help. Like the title says I have dry ends and an oily scalp (plus dandruff) and I'm fairly certain I have low porosity (if you think otherwise please let me know) and I'd love some recommendations for shampoo and conditioner! Additional info on my hair is below.

I don't color my hair or do any sort of styling, and my hair is fairly long (at my waist). The ends are pretty dry, not brittle or stiff as a board but still much too dry for my liking, and I say I have a decent amount of split ends, but for the latter I'm getting them trimmed and creating a schedule for additional trims throughout the year. And even after I brush my hair it gets tangled after an hour and I have more then my fair share of fly away strands from breakage. My scalp gets oily about 2 full days after I shower and I have dandruff which I manage pretty well but I wanted to include incase it was needed. Oh and also my hair does not get wet unless I work the strands around, and my hair takes forever to dry. (I will let it dry without anything or I'll wrap it in a soft shirt). I also will put my hair in a loose braid when I sleep and so far it's kept a decent amount of softness.

Any and all help is greatly appreciated! My friends have been helping me so far and I'm hoping for even more help here ;\_;"
MsSureFire,srs55f,"There's nothing like a good long pre-shampoo to work some magic on my hair&&&&&&My waves have been sad lately due to the dry air. I decided to do an extra long pre-poo instead of my usual 30 mins. Made a huge difference. My waves came back to life.

I have fine, low density & porosity hair.

Routine:

Pre-poo:

* Sweet Almond Oil and Avocado Oil massaged into hair
* Covered with plastic grocery bag, then a microfiber towel (to hold in heat) after that
* Keep on for 1 1/2 hrs

Wash:

* Shampoo and squish to condish with TGIN Curls n' Roses DUO
* Microplop until hair is damp. Rake through TGIN Curls n' Roses Leave-in Conditioner

Style: I took inspiration from [capricious_curls](https://instagram.com/capricious_curls?utm_medium=copy_link) for the double gel application routine, as she has low density hair as well.

* Style up right. Section hair. Use Mister spray if necessary to keep hair damp.
* Rake in small amount Bounce Curl Avocado & Rose Oil Clump & Define Cream from mid length to ends
* Use Denman D14 brush to brush hair up and away from head
* Scrunch in One or two pumps of TGIN Rose Water Define Mousse
* Rub small amount of LUS Irish Sea Moss Gel between hands then scrunch in
* Micro plop
* Repeat for all sections
* After all sections are complete, use more gel to glaze and scrunch at different angles
* Pixie defuse on low speed, medium heat until cast is set, ~10 mins
* Let air dry until 100% dry
* Rub 1-2 drops of sweet almond oil on palms, then SOTC using prayer hands at several different angles
* Flip hair upside down and fluff near roots"
Butterbeer_and_books,srs13y,"I did too, but they didn’t work for me. It left my hair while wet feeling dry and straw like and when dry if felt waxy. It was really weird and then they wouldn’t give me a refund or let me return it even though I still had 8ish days to do so. They answered one of my emails saying use less which I tried and when I responded they ignored my emails until it was too late to return them. I was really bummed because I am 15 and I dont have much money, but I saved up from birthday money and Christmas and babysitting to buy it and now I just have it sitting in my bathroom closet."
Comfortable_Tea_2660,srs13y,"What gives definition+ frizz control/ conditioning?&&&My hair is mostly  2c a bit 2b and a bit 3a that tends to poof/frizz.
What's the best products or line? I would love some shine too. I prefer no more than 2 products at a time to apply but I'll take any suggestions.&&&Thanks"
Lady-Aethelflaed,srs13y,I’ve heard good things about Curlsmith
hazardzetforward,srs13y,Big fan of the Treluxe serum and gel.
88lilly,srri9o,"Am I the only one whose hair gets wavier as time passes after washing?&&&Even without product. I do understand that the cgm often recommends less washing which makes sense. Mine does tend to get greasy. It was over moisturized after pre pooing with oil and deep conditioning with sukin  (wave was severely decreased from both of these), and I have low porosity hair, so I thought more washing might be what it needed… but now I’m wondering if I should play around with it a bit to see how long it can go and if it improves&&&Lol! Yeah it’s like my hair liked the “abuse” more 😆&&&Currently washing with natures hair color safe shampoo and Jason volumizing conditioner. I avoided products after washing this time because I didn’t want to make the over moisturization worse and give it a rest in hopes of getting it to its natural state (it had ringlets before without any products or styling). I have used a protein treatment and rice water within the last two weeks, but it did feel less healthy after those (or at least lest soft). I put on a few drops of hemi squalene when 90% dry because my hair was frizzy (I hair dried last wash and used mousse that made it more tangly than normal and got some breakage, more hair fragility)"
unoriginal_skillet_,srri9o,"almost exactly same situation here, didnt want to overmoistuize bc i noticed it was getting gummy, frizzy,etc but then i washed with protein shampoo and it went back to being rough, stringy when i dried it carefully/scrunched, and oily. This close to going back to 2 in 1, lmao."
argengringa,srra1q,i sleep with a silk pillowcase and my hair in a pineapple. i always pull off bonnets in the middle of the night and granted my hair gets kind of tangly but not too bad like this. good luck
blurry-echo,srra1q,"as a kid i had thick waist length hair and the only way i was able to sleep with it comfortably in place was to either put it in space buns or do two braids down my back, loosely wrapped in silk. it wasnt perfect but it worked the best out of everything i tried :))"
starfish_explorer,srra1q,"How to protect hair overnight?&&&I have type 2A/B armpit length hair.  I’ve tried bonnets, wraps, putting it up.   I roll around so much in my sleep that it ends up off my head and my hair in a matted ball, or completely flattened.  I’m really struggling to figure something out so I don’t have to clean my hair as often.  Advice?&&&I currently have a kitsch satin one my mom gave me, that leaves my hair matted too.  Is there a significant different between the two on hair?"
young_obiwan,srra1q,Perhaps a silk pillowcase would work vs a bonnet since you're less likely to slip off your pillow in the night.
littlegreenturtle20,srqigm,"Tips from Low Porosity Wavies?&&&I'm pretty early in my wavy hair journey, I've only been doing it since the start of Jan and would love some guidance at this stage cause I feel like I'm hitting a brick wall. 

I have low porosity, medium thickness hair, an oily scalp and I'm S. Asian. 

I have two main questions

**1) How to improve on refresh days**

Wash day waves end up falling out a bit during the day and definitely overnight (I have tried pineappling and tying in a bun). 

I've tried both wet refreshing and dry refreshing but I find that my hair doesn't clump as well and when I end up with waves, they're loose, it's often a mix of texture, more straight than wavy and straggly. 

I wash my hair twice a week and this has been working very well for me for quite a while, I'd like to be able to refresh and have the option of having my hair down. Apart from long drying times, day 2+ hair always has a ton of volume which I adore. 

**2) Is it possible to reduce time on my routine for wash days?**

Yesterday was the first wash day that ended up aligning with plans to go out. It was so cold and windy that air drying was just not an option so I ended up taking my 6+ hour routine (I'm still WFH!) and compressed it into 2.5 hours. Basically I cut down the towel time, increased diffusion time and completely cut out any air drying. It was okay but I had less defined waves. I've noticed if I diffuse all the way dry I don't get as much definition as diffusing most of the way and then air drying. Equally as it's winter, air drying on its own takes ages and the water weight just pulls the waves down. 

Is there anything I can do to speed up my routine on wash days?


***

I realise it might be too early in my journey to see the best results just yet. My haircut in summer 2021 also was shorter than I'd ever gotten and because I had annoying ""flicks"" at the ends (which I now recognise as a wavy hair thing!), it's been through more straightening in the last few months than I've ever done in my life. Though I always use the Lee Stafford heat protectant when I used any sort of heat.

I'm not 100% curly/wavy approved - from experience, a good sulphate shampoo keeps my hair clean for multiple days in a row whereas sulphate free ones often leave sticky patches and a greasy scalp by the next day. 

**My routine is:**
- Brush through dry hair with a tangle teezer before my shower
- Lush Seanik solid shampoo on my scalp and roots
- Glaze/rake Noughty Wave Hello conditioner, leave in for a minute and brush through again with tangle teezer before washing out
- Same conditioner, emulsify in hands and squish to condish until hair stops dripping
- Microfibre turban towel for up to 2+ hours. 
- Scrunch in Wella Shockwaves Curls and Waves Mousse (3 pumps)
- Lee Stafford heat protection spray, Pixie diffuse in sections. Often takes 1-2 minutes per section until mostly dry, some hover diffusion
- Generous spray of Superdrug Ultra Hold Gel spray and more scrunching
- Allow to air dry naturally/might diffuse a bit more if needed&&&Ah, I workout in the mornings so usually wash my hair after that. 

>I tried using a microfiber hair towel for a while, but paradoxically, this INCREASED my drying time!

Oh really? I might try my normal towel next time to experiment.

Lockdown 1.0 was when I tried to learn French braids but alas I couldn't get them to be very neat. I did plait my hair last night when I saw my refresh wasn't going to work and I've had waves today. They're definitely more ""artificial"" looking and I don't have that same volume but way nicer than straggly day 2 so might have to try plaits overnight on freshly washed hair to see if it maintains/adds to the waves. Thank you!&&&Buns are hit or miss for me! Sometimes I get some volume, sometimes my waves come out of it straggly at the ends. 

The sock technique is interesting, I'm actually wondering if something like this or rollers might work on my hair type."
relativelyravyn,srqigm,"I'm new to this too and don't have much to offer, as I struggle with many of these things also. My hair is similarly low-porosity and takes forever to dry. I have resorted to washing in the early evenings so that my hair can dry completely before I go to bed. (I don't go out at night much.) I tried using a microfiber hair towel for a while, but paradoxically, this INCREASED my drying time! So that could be something to investigate, though I might just be the lone oddball in that regard. I have seen people on here say that french braids work well at maintaining waves if air-drying while active outdoors."
xoxo-A,srqigm,"Sadly I don’t have much helpful info to add as I’m even earlier in my wavy hair journey (had quite the existential crisis when I found slight waves in my what I always believed to be poker straight hair in my thirties!) but I wanted to jump on the thread in case a more experienced person adds their advice as I’m in the same boat! 

Also, Idk about hair health and good sleeping, but I have found that if I twist my hair into little buns, or a big bun on top of my head, and secure it with either a scrunchie or looser neoprene hair ties (to avoid creases as well as pulling) my waves look a lot more natural than coming from a braid. 

However, the drying time is still an issue if you put them in too wet… I have definitely taken out a bun over 24 hours later only to find wet hair in the center. Though this was before using any cgm products or even having the slightest clue of what I was doing!

Another technique I recently saw somewhere on the internet, (probably tiktok) but haven’t gotten the chance to try it yet used tons of ankle socks all over your head like squishy self contained hair rollers. She folded the socks over the curls after winding the hair around so the hair being curled/waved wasn’t exposed to the pillow or anything else other than the inside of the sock. Could be an overnight drying solution if you can manage sleeping with things in your hair.. I never seem to sleep well with added things but maybe socks are squishy enough?!"
Accomplished_Glass66,srpyit,Plss link
AlarmedOpposite8145,srpyit,My hair is always a little 'shocked' after a haircut. Takes about a week for my curl pattern to get back to normal for me.
Icy-Thing528,srpyit,honestly it looks great!
Indieboi82903,srpyit,Mine does that too right a haircut so I think it’s pretty normal for a lot of people to have their hair less wavy for a few days
Melodic-Painting-593,srpyit,"waves need time from root to end of a strand to begin making shape (unless you are a wavy with hella waves starting At the root), so most likely the hair stylist cut a few layers too short and now you will have to wait either a handful of washes and some more protein incorporation for the hair to ""remember"" what to do, or wait til it all grows longer so that it has time to wave/curl. Short hair on wavy peeps can turn straight bc there is no longer a lengthy space btwn root and end of hair. It also looks like she thinned the hair out. When your locks get used to waving and curling with certain hairs as clumps and then you cut the clump oddly and in a thinning kind of way, it shocks the hair bc the old clumps arent really there anymore."
No-Collection-6982,srpyit,"Wait after a few days 
My hair straight after a new cut too"
No-Resident-3242,srpyit,"My hair did that, too. It’s slowly becoming wavy again. Just be patient. For some people your hair has to be long to maintain waves, and for some people it’ll be back in no time at all. I’ve heard that washing it a lot could help."
_go_gu_rt_,srpyit,hair is almost straight after a haircut?&&&&&&UPDATE: I'm on about the 2nd or 3rd wash day now and I'm finally getting curls back! my new curtain bangs decided to be full ringlets today which is new. thank you everyone for the suggestions and reassurances!&&&shampoo with raw sugar scalp restore. then condition with raw sugar moisture smoothie and brush while that's in. form curl clumps and use curls blueberry bliss curls milk. a crap ton of miss Jessie's jelly soft. and top it off with herbal essence totally twisted mousse. then scrunch with hands then a t shirt. plop overnight and hope for the best.
amaezingjew,srpyit,"Some curls/waves require weight, others don’t. I’m definitely club “needs weight”."
blckrainbow,srpyit,"Could be scissor shock, especially if you haven't had a cut in a while. Let it be, a few washes and it will be back to normal."
give-me-any-reason,srpyit,did you restyle it after the haircut? my 2c hair was basically straight after my first curly cut
inshort53,srpyit,There is an article on the subreddit wikj on why this happens!
mommafo,srpyit,"It is definitely a thing. (I call it haircut shock) And some hair also curls as it grows. It is scary and really sucks, but it is good to get rid of damaged ends. Just moisturize and you'll get it back eventually."
w11f1ow3r,srpyit,"It might just be because the stylist was handling it so much, it messed up your wave pattern. I bet after you shower it will go back to normal."
whatahoot21,srpyit,My hair is always straighter when it's shorter! I know that is generally not the rule in curly hair but it's true for me. I've had many hairdressers not believe me until they cut it and think it's crazy. I don't know why but it's nice to see I'm not the only one!
2a2b2c,srpbnc,"Harry’s Sculpting Gel, or NYM’s Curl Talk Hard Hold Gel (not the original curl talk gel, the packaging is super similar)!"
LexxiiConn,srpbnc,Uncle Funky's Daughter or homemade flax gel
No-Collection-6982,srpbnc,I use style gel for men  but curl isn’t soft
Popular-Self-333,srpbnc,"Ahh I also need to know the answer to this question! Someone recommend Harry's Sculpting Gel the other day which I tried but it unfortunately caused flash drying on my hair. Seems to be a strong hold though so it might work better on your hair than on mine. I can never ever get a cast on my hair.

I heard of the 123 Gel Method the other day, where you later up different gels which work for you, so I'm keen to give that a try soon!"
Salt_Type_8032,srpbnc,+++ this gel is amazing.
TopAd9634,srpbnc,"Aveda's Brilliant gel and their Flax gel, both are amazing!"
Wavyhaircare,srpbnc,"Harry's and NYM curl talk gel in the 'strong hold' variety that is only sold at ulta (purple cap, not clear!) are the two that are in the 'crazy hard hold' category in my mind. 

For comparison I've tried La looks, giovannia la hold, aussie instant freeze, biosilk rock hard gelee, and uncle funky's daughter and I'd classify all of those as medium or hard hold."
dahjahjah,srpbnc,NYM hard hold gel.  I couldn’t even get out all the crunch.
gotape,srpbnc,What is the strongest holding gel you’ve ever used?&&&Can’t seem to get a good cast. Can’t someone recommend a super strong holding gel that gives that nasty crunch? Also looking for something that benefits my hair rather then a product that might style it but isn’t good for my hair. Thank you so much
heymickey1102,srpbnc,Harry's Styling Gel in the men's dept
humans_rare,srpbnc,Ecoslay Orange Marmalade
ilumbricus,srpbnc,"I would add that you need to be sure to not touch/ move your hair a lot to get a cast, technique could be your challenge as much as product"
itsok_1975,srpbnc,"Curlsmith has the strongest hold gels I have ever used- the In Shower one especially. I like the blue LA Looks gel, and Ouidad climate control- both provide a good cast for me."
janetsnakehole--,srpbnc,Aussie Instant Freeze! I love layering it over other gels. Always gives me a good cast and definition.
mdiver19,srpbnc,The Xtreme gel mixed with the garnier curl jelly has given me super good results.
nightcheese88,srpbnc,"Curlsmith shine gel has is the strongest that I’ve tried so far. I use it on very wet hair, emulsified with wet hands. I get a cast with it but not some others that I’ve tried. You might also be over moistured and consider a leave in with protein underneath the gel."
nt2291,srpbnc,Herb essences set me up gel. Super strong hold but it caused flash drying in my hair
pandabelle12,srpbnc,LA looks extreme sport is by far the best I’ve tried and the price can’t be beat. However I do mix mine with the All About Curls high def gel. I find that I get better definition with LA looks but better frizz control with the All about curls.
roxemary,srpbnc,Garnier hard as cement
shiplap04,srpbnc,Yuuuuup!  All time favorite and it doesn’t get brought up enough!
theoracleofdreams,srpbnc,"I gel blast mine with Uncle Funky's Daughter Curl Simulator and Aussie Instant freeze. 

When my hair stops getting a good crunch, I know its time to clarify my hair with Suave Daily Clarifying and a good deep conditioner. I use Maui Moisture as my 2x a week shampoo, but it doesn't get rid of everything and my fine, low density hair doesn't hold in the gel very well."
wroskis86,srpbnc,Treluxe Hi! Definition
Hiyouitsmee,srmmpm,"An apple cider vinegar rinse might be a good replacement for your usual routine. Mix 1 vinegar to 4 parts water, and if you add extra vinegar no worries it won’t weigh anything down. I also found using a spray bottle helped with even dispersal."
Lady-Aethelflaed,srmmpm,"I wash after the pool every time if I get my hair wet. For skiing I do French braids under the hat and then remove the hat as infrequently as possible to avoid damage. They do make silk/satin lined hats but I don’t have one

Excellent question btw"
NinjaMuch9449,srmmpm,How do you manage your hair in between wash days when you're at the beach/pool every day - do you still not wash everyday? How do you get salt and chlorine out? And when skiing with hats on all the time?!&&&
No-Collection-6982,srmmpm,Try co wash with conditioner
ebba_and_flow,srmmpm,Salt water does absolute wonders for my hair so I don't have to do much at the beach. But chlorine or pond/lake water I'll typically just braid it beforehand and then rinse it through with conditioner every 2-3 days
golden_sun4,srmmpm,"I have a pretty, reusable shower cap I wear in the pool!"
hazardzetforward,srmmpm,"If I care about my hair, I put it up on a bun and try to keep it out of the water. But most of the time I just say screw it and enjoy my vacation and wash as needed. To prevent salt and chlorine build up, it's helpful to get your hair wet with regular water first, and you can even add some leave in conditioner. If your hair is full of clean water it won't absorb salt or chlorine water as much. After vacation I will do a clarifying wash and deep conditioner. 

I don't ski so can't offer much advice, but they do make satin lined beanies and hats."
Confused_Zed,srlov1,What product/s did you use? :)
No-Collection-6982,srlov1,"Co wash with only conditioner for the first time.I’m amazed with results clean,soft and very moist 👍&&&&&&This is my first time for co wash
I was afraid that my hair will be greasy if only use conditioner to wash my hair but I’m wrong .. the results is so amazing soft clean hair . I find the way to wash with shampoo only 1 a week now

Update I use Herbal essences hydrate coconut milk conditioner to wash my hair use it to wash scalp and hair same way like you use shampoo. It’s clean and left hair so soft and shiny ✨ but I will have to wash again after 2 days but it’s better to skip shampoo"
10MileHike,srl5fc,"We are not dealing with just hair, we are dealing with one's overall profile.......and that is *precisely* the thing that many stylists, and curlies themselves, mis-calculate when ONLY thinking about their hair.......hair is only a part of the Whole Picture.

Imagine Grace Kelly in a shag, if you will.  Or even Sandra Bullock, who you remind me of a little bit.    Ask yourself why Sandra Bullock doesn't have a  shag or a lot of layers.  Really.

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

You already have layers.  Short ones, too, around your face.  With hair of your length, density and texture,  more would not do any justice.  I like the layering in the bottom parts of your hair and I think more layers, on really high density hair, you run of risk of the poodle look, which is fine if you prefer that.   I do not.

Depending on the texture of your hair, more top layers will just give you ""more pieces that are ballooning out"" and ""poofy"".

Don't do it.   You might consider a very well done shag, but you have a very classic look/type, and that is also obvious from your wardrobe........shags reallly don't match up on that at all and would be out of sympathy for the ""rest of your profile.""  


And I actually see a lot of this on hair forums.  I saw 2 today where indeed, the persons HAIR was gorgeous;  unfortunately, it was the only thing you saw on the person;  not their eyes, cheekbones, neck profile, lips.......just hair, and their hair completely swallowed them up.   Hair is supposed to be a ""frame for the face""....not overwhelm it."
BananaMartini,srl5fc,Girl what are you talking about that hair is a blessing!!
Cautious_Pepper_4602,srl5fc,"I like your hair as is, but you could try layers if you want more wave.  Great brows by the way."
Colonialponytail,srl5fc,I have thick hair similar to yours that I have been fighting with forever- I would recommend looking into the curly girl method (which you can modify for wavy hair) and embracing it! I think your hair looks great!
Comfortable_Tea_2660,srl5fc,"Don't get an undercut. It will stick out weird with long hair and unless you like a punky shorter style it won't work.
Try layers and specifically a wavy/ curly cut"
GeneralEffective,srl5fc,"I'd recommend asking for a shag cut. Really helps to stop the bottom from getting too heavy and gives it a really nice shape, plus it's easier to style! Your hair looks great as it is though to me!"
GlumClerk7,srl5fc,"First off, you are gorgeous! Your whole look is beautiful and your hair looks great as is. 

My hair looks similar to yours in texture, and I get a lot more definition when I have more layers. I have had it thinned before and it always seems to lay better with layers rather than thinning. 

You could consider looking in your area for a stylist who specifically does ""curly cuts"". A friend of mine drives 3 hours one-way to her stylist and its a long process to cut it, but the results are totally worth it IMO. She always looks amazing wether curly or blown-out. Also, her stylist has given her personalized advice on products and routine based on porosity, protein v moisture, etc. Which I have always struggled with deciphering for my hair."
Goober_Bean,srl5fc,"I'm sorry you had that experience! People can be so judgy and rude with their assumptions. I am in a similar demographic to you, except in my 30s instead of 40s, and no one has ever questioned me about my undercut. 

To the OP, I got mine a few years ago and will never go back! My hair isn't particularly thick but I have a LOT of it, and having almost a full third of it gone (from my ears down to my nape) makes it so much more manageable. (My texture is similar to yours, and I have layers as well.) The only downside is my head can get really cold during the winter if I forget a hat, but that's such a minor con compared to all of the pros.)"
Hellosl,srl5fc,"What styling products do you use? Bc I find my combo of gel and mouse helps tame my hair and stop it from being too big. That being said, I believe there is some kind of hairstylist Reddit sub that may give you a bit more knowledge for what to ask for at your salon"
Kennedysreborn,srl5fc,"Getting my sides shaved + and undercut was the only thing that made my hair more manageable. I also get it thinned every 6 weeks, but I only reccomend this if your hair is healthy to begin with, damaged hair will be extra floofy.

Of course the best thing I ever did for it was shave my whole head but that's a very extreme solution. While it was great for my sanity the 2 year process of growing it out was less great"
Laurasaurus_,srl5fc,I’m gonna need an eye makeup tutorial ASAP! You’re so pretty!!
LumpyShitstring,srl5fc,"I’m just here because I have hair envy. 

(But also I love your smile! You are very beautiful!)"
Michellemakeover,srl5fc,"Me 53 (Mtf) need your advice – what helps against my thick hair? thin out? Undercut?&&&&&&Thank you, i use agan oil once a week - thank you, i will look for some protein 🙏😘&&&Thank you so much 🌈&&&Oh, thank you 😘🌈&&&Thank you so much for your wonderful support 🙏🌈 you are telling the truth 🌈🌈🌈&&&Thank you so much 😍🌈 i think thinning is my favorite 🙏🌈&&&Thank you, i don't think about an undercut 😳 maybe layers 🙏 greetings Michelle 🌈"
Onanadventure_14,srl5fc,You’re hair is gorgeous!!! I’ve had an undercut for about 5 years and it’s been amazing.
Puzzleheaded-Hippo78,srl5fc,I have thick Asian hair. My hairdresser said to do layers.
Retiredgiverofboners,srl5fc,Beautiful everything
RinaPug,srl5fc,"I second that! I have rather thick, long hair (I also have an undercut, but I have double the hair of op normally, probably D: ) and it looks so good! It’s not bottom heavy anymore and stopped looking like a triangle!"
Skellyinsideofme,srl5fc,"I know this might sound nuts but have you considered a ""shaggy mullet""? I recently discovered the term and it actually works really well for thick, wavy hair."
StinkyKittyBreath,srl5fc,"I have really thick hair, and my hair dresser always does a mix of layers and thinning. Layers are fine on their own, but thinning it really reduces the bulk for me, without increasing maintenance."
StringOfLights,srl5fc,"Your hair looks fantastic! 

Shag haircuts are very in right now and would work really well with your waves. Layers on the crown of the head help me the most, that’s where my curls/waves tend to get stretched out because the hair is the longest there. A shag haircut is very layered, and adds in some face-framing layers as well. 

If you’re looking for more definition to your hair (like curl/wave clumps) then I recommend looking at your [protein/moisture balance](https://www.byrdie.com/how-to-balance-moisture-and-protein-in-black-hair-400066). My hair isn’t as thick as yours and it’s fairly sensitive to protein, but I found out that I do need *some* protein. My hair went from feeling kind of… gummy and stretchy when wet to being defined and bouncing back into its curls. It was over-moisturized and needed protein. When it has too much protein, it feels dry and stringy. The goal isn’t necessarily for it to be curlier, just healthy and strong. It turns out that getting there changes my curl/wave pattern quite a bit! Anyway, point being, that’s a good place to start if you’re not getting the results you want with your routine."
Unhappy-Tart-3719,srl5fc,I feel your pain. My hair is so thick I have to section it 4 times to style it. It gets tangled so badly no matter what products I use. Its so heavy its flat on top and gives me headaches. When I get sick of dealing with it I take the thinning shears to it myself.
Untranslatedmoments,srl5fc,"My old stylist didn’t understand wavy hair at all and always used thinning shears on my super thick hair. After seeing comments here that they’re not a good idea, I went to a new stylist and she gave me lots of purposeful layers (not a shag though). I definitely like it better. Undercuts are great (I had one for like 5 years) but the upkeep is brutal (I would get mine done every three weeks) and the grow out is also BRUTAL (shoutout to the pandemic). It also limits a lot of styles that I missed - low buns, French twists, etc."
aceshighsays,srl5fc,"not op. til about layers. it explains why my last haircut looked funny.&&&not op. what do you mean by ""internal layers""? how is it done?"
alopes843,srl5fc,I have had an undercut for 3/4 years. Don’t do It. I am now growing It out because I hate the look of my hair with the undercut in a high pony. It will probably take me a year or longer to get my hair all the same length again.
aporetic_quark,srl5fc,"Can I have your extra hair?!

But in all seriousness, it looks great! I think if you had some shorter layers on top it would give you more wave across the crown of your head, which would balance out the volume of your hair, but that would also make it look thicker."
birdmommy,srl5fc,"An undercut is great if the hair at the nape of your neck gets hot/sweaty and tangled. But I got one about 5 years ago and was surprised at the number of people who made assumptions about my orientation and personal proclivities because of it. I’m a professional woman in my 40s, cis, straight, and married for over 20 years. I had more than one person in my office straight out ask if I was a lesbian now, or a bi-curious swinger. YYMV of course, but it’s something to be aware of."
boosullymike,srl5fc,"Layers, to help you out with what you want and to deal with it better. BUT I don't think anything needs to be changed! You look amazing"
casefaceforever,srl5fc,You already look great - love the hair in photo 2!
interr-o-bang,srl5fc,"It might seem counterintuitive, but layers really help! Layers separate out individual curls and minimize how “clumpy” curls can get when they are all one length. The top layers will also be bouncier because they are shorter, so your hair will look curlier overall. I recommend finding a curly hair specialist if you haven’t before- they will cut your hair dry first, then wash and dry it and make final adjustments. They’re pricy, but 100% worth it!"
jenny526,srl5fc,"First off, I think your hair looks amazing and I wouldn’t do a thing differently. I used to get my hair thinned but I feel like it made it grow out more triangular. I’ve had an undercut on one side and that worked great but required more regular maintenance than I wanted. I swear by lots of layers, going almost up to the crown of my head. I also ask the hairdresser to keep layers irregular / small to avoid having a “shelf” effect."
juschillin101,srl5fc,"As lots of folks have said, layers make my (incredibly thick) hair look at once voluminous and more manageable. Hair stylists always ask if I want my hair thinned out in the back anyway if I’m keeping it the same length, so I opt for layers- this way I get to keep the length without my hair taking a ton of time to wash and style. I also have naturally wavy hair, so it is very easy for my hair to become a frizzball. I think layers, while keeping my length, help with that too. Shorter hair on me (esp unlayered) ends up sticking out in weird directions and looking unkempt."
lanq143,srl5fc,i think it looks fantastic as is!
meurett,srl5fc,Why would anyone want to have thinner hair? The more hair the better in my opinion
opalonelia,srl5fc,i second what the person said about layers! they will really help to equally distribute weight of the hair around your head keeping those top layers nice and light for volume. undercuts are also awesome if you want to go for them i had mine for many years but they do keep all the density on the top of your head whereas layers keep the density on the bottom half. completely up to you what you prefer :)
queenofnarnia49,srl5fc,I have long layers + undercut + have my hair thinned out when I get my hair cut. All of these things help!
saddinosour,srl5fc,"I think you need a good leave in conditioner, and a nice hair oil, as well as layers and some shaping around the front"
shimmerangels,srl5fc,"i agree with everyone who said layers! i also think olaplex treatments would work really well for your hair! i do them every couple of weeks and it makes my hair so strong, soft, and silky"
sunsoutbunzout,srl5fc,"Layers! But more specifically, what my stylist calls “internal layers”. I also have thick, poofy hair and she was able to maintain the general shape of my hair while cutting out some bulk. Conversely, I’ve had experienced where a lot of external layers have resulted in a shaggy mullet."
upexable,srl5fc,One of my best friends has crazy thick hair and an undercut that goes up to about the top of her ears. I love it on her! I think it would be a good choice
