index,id,comments
SnooRegrets2938,sxkv3t,"Hair is improving!! Waves are getting more defined! Now just to figure out how to repeat the look....&&&&&&I was at my parents house today so I didn't follow my routine and broke some rules..

I washed and conditioned with dove moisture shampoo 

Then scrunched Pantene wave gel into wet hair

Let air dry for a few minutes 

Then scrunched in ogx coconut mousse 

Let air dry the rest of the day"
moosiemoop,sxhybm,"Saltwater be chlorine?&&&I’m on vacation and I’m not sure when I should wash my hair. I’m going somewhere with saltwater tomorrow so I was planning on clarifying then (plus it lines up with my schedule). The problem is that I’ll probably also be swimming later in the week (Tuesday and Thursday). Any advice?? Which is worse for my hair? I don’t want to over wash, but I don’t want to leave saltwater or chlorine in my hair for too long. My last wash was on Thursday, so I don’t want to wait too long. Thanks in advance!&&&Thanks for the advice! I’ll probably swim Tuesday and Thursday. Would you recommend that I wash my hair both days? I’m afraid of over washing, but I’m sure chlorine would make my hair more dry.&&&If I swim both Tuesday and Thursday, would you recommend that I clarify both days?"
shattered_illusions,sxhybm,"Soak your hair in fresh water before swimming in the salt water. Clarify after swimming in chlorine. (You should probably still soak your hair in fresh water before going into the chlorinated water.) It's probably a good idea to deep condition your hair after you clarify it.

Chlorine will do more damage than salt water. You can probably get away with cowashing or using a low-poo after the saltwater."
theflipflopqueen,sxhybm,"Before swimming in chlorine completely soak your hair, and if you can add a little conditioner and a cap. Clarify and deep condition after. 

I swim laps: chloride is very hard on curls"
LovelyLieutenant,sxhjbe,Kinky Curly Knot Today!
PrintGlass8860,sxhjbe,"Help: low porosity hair conditioner, high slip&&&Hi all, I’ve been using the love beauty planet rice oil and Angelica essence one and somehow it’s been working wonderfully. Today i realized I think they are discontinuing it. Im mortified as I have long hair and it’s the only thing that works. With every new thing I try it’s getting more tangled and I’m just so annoyed with non-stop searching. If anyone has ideas, please let me know."
Lula35,sxcoi6,"I call my waves my ramen noodles&&&&&&Routine: 
Wash with say yes to carrots shampoo, 
squish in suave naturals tropical coconut, 
scrunch in herbal essences totally twisted mousse and Aussie instant freeze gel,
Plop for 5 minutes and air dry"
Aldrel_TV,sxazgh,"Does a wolfcut work on wavy hair?&&&Basically just the title. I'm curious about getting a wolf cut but everyone I can find online that has one styles their hair straight. Is it possible to have one that looks nice with a wavy hair texture or am I just fated to get the same U-Shaped cut with curtain bangs the rest of my life?

EDIT: Thanks everyone for the responses! I appreciate it cause I was super worried about fucking up my hair, but it seems like wolf cuts are actually better for people with textured hair types. Thanks again!"
JenJMLC,sxazgh,"Is wolf cut the one where you put your hair in a pony tail? If so I've done that 2 months ago and am super happy with the result. My curls come out way better since adding layers.

One tip: if you're wearing your hair parted to one side, move the pony tail a tiny bit to that side too. I have the problem now that most of the shortest hair is on one side only as I had the pony tail in the middle of my head but wear it parted to the side. It's no real problem though, just something to remember for next time."
JerryHasACubeButt,sxazgh,"Yup, it’s a cut that’s designed for wavy hair, cutting it on naturally straight hair is a big styling commitment (or so I’m told). I have one and it’s the only haircut I’ve ever had where I don’t have to style my hair and I still feel like it looks decent"
Patient_Opinion_7486,sxazgh,It ONLY works with wavy hair 💁‍♀️
awful_falafels,sxazgh,I have to agree. Wavy or curly hair.
jubjub9876a,sxazgh,Yes it will work. It's very similar to shag
menchekia,sxazgh,"So her hair was definitely curly, not wavy, but if you wanna see an AMAZING curly hair wolf cut, go here: https://youtu.be/3yYU1BOrSo8

Brad Mondo teaches people how to do it themselves but the last girl, the third girl, has curly hair & it looks sooooo good.  Whether you do it yourself or have a pro do it, wolf cut looks like it was made for curly/wavy hair."
simulacrum_deae,sxazgh,Most people I see with the wolf cut have wavy/curly hair or style it that way actually. Maybe we’re on different sides of the internet but I’ve even heard people with straight hair who got a wolf cut complain because now they have to actually style their hair wavy for it to look good
tehbggg,sxazgh,"I have a shaggy mullet/wolfish cut. First time in my life my natural texture actually enhances a cut that I like and that is actually in style lol.

You should check out Pinterest. So many good examples of wavy hair shags, mullets, wolfcuts etc."
Fleedomflies,sx9dzy,"Red = day 1 hair, black = day 2 hair. Am I getting the hang of the day 2 refresh or does this just look like a frizzy nightmare? I can’t tell anymore.&&&&&&Clarify once a week, deep condition same day as clarification. Squish to condish, cowash another 2-3 times during the week. Still experimenting with products, so far I like mousse or no product the best. Wet plop for about 10-15 mins, diffuse until dry.&&&Also, am I a 2a? Not even?? It was much wavier a few weeks back before I chopped it. Had several ringlets even! Hoping to get those back again someday. :/"
ADogNamedPen239,sx8imk,"I love the gel! I have fine hair so creams are a bit too much for it but the gel works fabulously for me. It’s really easy to refresh too, just a spritz of water or some steam and it reactivates. It gives a very strong cast imo, but I like that for the longevity of my waves. It does have an odd smell to me though, not bad just kind of strange. Kind of like how an unscented product smells. Maybe that’s just my nose though"
No-Trip-3888,sx8imk,"I really like the creme! It's a great defining leave in. I just ordered the gel to try.
My hair is fine, oily, easy weighted down, and 2B if that helps!"
floridameerkat,sx8imk,"I have both. The cream is one of my go-to protein creams. I use it alone, as I get a light cast with just the cream, and sometimes with the gel. I like it more than the gel. The cream is light and provides good hold and moisture. 

I haven’t used the gel as much, but every time I do, it seems to leave my hair a little dry. I plan to experiment with it more to see if the issue is the gel or just the amount I’ve been using."
nt2291,sx8imk,"Briogeo Curl Charisma&&&Hi! 

Has anyone tried the briogeo curl charisma cream and gel? If so what did you like/not like about them? Right now i'm using Aveda products but I find they aern't moisturizing enough for my low porosity hair.&&&Thank you so much! I think I am definatley going to go pick up the cream this week!&&&That does help, thanks! That's my exact hair type actually lol"
chocochikokochi,sx7mqk,"Today's wavy hair success :) With a comparison photo from two weeks ago&&&&&&The comparison photo from two weeks ago is after my hairdresser appointment for a curly cut.

I got today's results from using this routine (products from Polish brands): I put oil on my hair the night before wash day (Trust my sister oil for medium porosity hair). First I used Anwen protein conditioner for high porosity hair and left it on for 5 minutes. Then I washed my hair with Vianek shampoo for oily hair (twice). After that I put on Onlybio emollient conditioner and left it on for 5 minutes. I washed it off and sectioned my hair into three sections. I brushed each section and put on a curl activating cream by Onlybio, squished it in with some water, finger coiled a few pieces and then squished again with a strong hold gel by Onlybio. Then I diffused on medium heat, low speed with my head down. Left my hair to air dry until completely dry (it takes a long time with a diffuser). I scrunched out the crunch with nigella oil. Those are the results :)&&&thank you!☺️💕"
quietwaffle,sx7mqk,"Your hair is beautiful, that cut really suits you :)"
PM_ME_heartwarmth,sx6leq,"Recommendations for sleeping cap and some things I noticed&&&Hiya everyone, 

I am having a hard time finding a sleep cap that I like. Does anyone have any good recommendations? Some things I would prefer would be:

Something cute with like a bow or ends that you tie into a bow just so I don’t have to look like a potato lol. I like the ones that look like a scarf but are actually just caps with ends you can tie, just the ones I currently own are proving difficult since I have cut my hair to collarbone length. 

Extra room to put the cap on over dry curls. I have short hair and the caps I currently have make it extremely difficult to put the cap on and get all my curls in there 

Maybe something that isn’t majority polyester? I’m fine with Satin but I heard polyester dries your hair out. Some polyester is ok just not basically the whole thing. 

These are the ones I currently have that I like the look of but just the cap part is too small/not stretchy so I can stretch over the curls. The inside isn’t very soft either. 

2 Pieces Soft Satin Head Scarf Sleeping Cap Bonnet Headwear Head Cover Turbans for Women (Set 1) https://www.amazon.com/dp/B07F756NZ7/ref=cm_sw_r_cp_api_glt_i_X29HBXMY76KHYG26NHYQ?_encoding=UTF8&psc=1

Also just wanted to share. I have thin normal to high porosity feathery hair. I always have really nice tight spiral curls when my hair is wet right out of the shower, but noticed while I am doing all my gel stuff that they start to fall. Recently I have been holding parts of my hair up with my other hand when I am diffusing and it’s been holding the tightness much better. Like almost cradling what is hanging while I diffuse another section. I also have been putting these caps back on after diffusing and scrunching out the crunch while I’m doing me makeup or whatever and I feel like it is giving more cradling in case there are any little bit damp parts left and my hair has been keeping shape much better with that too. Just wanted to put that out there!&&&How much was the sale when you got it?&&&That’s really pretty and looks like just what I want but the dag gone prices on silk stuff ugh lol. 

I went to target looking for your bonnet and they were just sold out of everything. Target sucks anymore. Maybe if I look around in actual stores I can find something that will work by feeling the material?"
UnevenUnicorn2248,sx6leq,"I got swindled into buying the Muaves All Satin hair wrap through a Facebook ad and and I actually LOVE it! There’s no bow or anything but there are nice colors/patterns and the wrap gives it a cute turban-like look rather than a potato sack. I found when I pineapple my hair with a hair tie, no matter the type, it ends up disforming the curls. I was drawn to this type because it was big enough to fit all my curls and the twist secures the curls so that they don’t have to go in a traditional pineapple. 

The price point is a little high, but I got mine on sale!

https://mymuaves.com/collections/the-all-satin-hair-turban-collection"
thelittleterror,sx6leq,"I got a cheap satin bonnet from target, and I love it so much. 
It’s pretty roomy, so I can pineapple under it, or fit it over other updos, or just let my hair rest inside of it. 
I think it was like $5. 
It *is* polyester, but I have very fine, dense hair, and it doesn’t dry me out at all. 

Otherwise, I sometimes plop my hair overnight in a matte silk blend scarf (I don’t own any 100% silk ones). 

Depending on how much you want to spend, maybe something like this? https://www.googleadservices.com/pagead/aclk?sa=L&ai=DChcSEwiPsvqKgI_2AhXSFn0KHXcVD-8YABAMGgJwdg&ae=2&ohost=www.google.com&cid=CAESWuD2zehqFKs10aRAopIqugysofyuZ2RNOyNAeniIhQGwydrsM2qqiByrG5fKeIcB4tGRq16S1nIvC-CyEU3ixbjtNZfAwy-a6DT-fizo8aYyHUiMMaL4lPDFHg&sig=AOD64_2hitwTlnikL1u_XdShS1dr-53FhQ&ctype=5&q=&ved=2ahUKEwiLzeeKgI_2AhVVOH0KHS9hAJIQwg96BAgBECI&adurl="
ADogNamedPen239,sx4fd1,"I use a combination of Verb curl leave-in, AG curl re:coil, and Briogeo curl charisma gel for my fine hair. It works well for me, I’m even thinking about cutting out the AG cream and just doing the leave-in and the gel. They’re the best two products I’ve found for softness and hold without weighing my fine hair down. Also if you’re looking for an oil to SOTC, Verb ghost oil is excellent for fine hair and you don’t need much so the bottle lasts ages"
Old-Neighborhood-792,sx4fd1,Products to use with ....&&&I have fine hair that's easily weighed down. I love the hold I get from Harry's sculpting gel. Only gel that works that I've found so far. I use this with as a I am curling jelly. Sometimes I'll put in odele leave in dime size amount. My hair just dry with use this gel/combo. Any suggestions would be greatly appreciated?????&&&I usually get a soft hold with mousse. I've tried the regular curl talk gel and it gave hold just made my hair dry to wasn't sure if that was from the protein or not. The mousse for curl talk is comparable to Harry's in hold but also dry hair.
Wavyhaircare,sx4fd1,"My hair isn't prone to feeling dry, so I can't speak to it in that sense...but the only gel I've tried that has a comparable hold to harry's is the not your other's curl talk gel in the hard hold version that is exclusive at ulta. It has a purple cap. They have a medium hold gel that has identical packaging except it has a clear cap so be careful to get the right one if you decide to try it. 

Or you might try mousse, if you haven't already? I don't know of any that have the level of hold of harry's gel, but mousse is usually super lightweight so you could potentially use a larger amount of mousse with a good hold without it weighing you down."
R1ker23,sx2dbn,"Help! Hair looking dry ends, frizzy, damaged and greasy on scalp.&&&I think i have 2 types of hair in my head ( more wavy on top and more straight on sides), and my top hair looks really bad: dry, damaged, with split ends, frizzy and oilyy scalp...

&#x200B;

This week I gonna get a maintenance cut or a wavy twoblock haircut, idk if I let my hair grow out ( 2 months withtout any haircut).

&#x200B;

Products: Kerasys Dong Ui Red Ginseng Camellia ( shampoo and mask)Pantene Micellar Shampoo and ConditionerHelp, please!!

&#x200B;

Routine: I wash my hair every 2 days, use tangle teezer(wet version) to apply the mask/conditioner and once a week i use grapeseed natural oil.  
Thin hair, wavy, medium density ( actually idk my hair density) and idk my hair porosity

https://preview.redd.it/mp4ocvhczzi81.jpg?width=1200&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=415281aa81c8696096086876236f46f7ef7a2c7e

https://preview.redd.it/hwx5lymjzzi81.jpg?width=1200&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=027b2ce6753dbb7516e26d0cfa2059249e7149d3

https://preview.redd.it/z72gy4adzzi81.jpg?width=1200&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=fb545794a23412d721c7f1d3843f9a9c85ac7569

https://preview.redd.it/j2zjec4ozzi81.png?width=513&format=png&auto=webp&s=e019e27c5efc9117c0d3ce27b5c671ba1fb60799"
Chloebugs,sx2afv,"First off, find a stylist that has natural wavy/curly hair featured on their social media, this way you know the stylist will cut your hair to wear it naturally rather than cutting it to look good in a blow out. I would explain exactly what you said - that your hair gets bottom heavy and the stylist will be able to recommend something appropriate for your concerns. 

The last time I got mine cut I asked for subtle layers that would provide uniform volume and some shorter face framing pieces and I love it!"
Ok_Thinker_6656,sx2afv,Following
ShadyLadySif,sx2afv,I have an a-line bob that is longer in the front and shorter in the back. I feel like the longer face-framing pieces get to really shine in their waviness while not getting boxed and angular over the shoulders.
WeAreStarless,sx2afv,definitely layers!
deafwhilereading,sx2afv,"Wavy haircut&&&Hey people, 
I was wondering if any of you have some advice on a good wavy hair cut. My hair is currently all the same length (bob) and it leads to it being more of a triangle shape when I style it and have a middle part. 
Do you have any advice on what to look out for? Layers? Or anything else? 

Thank you so much!&&&Thank you for your answer! Is the rest of your hair still the same length?&&&Thank you so much for your advice! Did you also bring example pictures with someone who has a similar texture?&&&Thank you!&&&Huh?&&&Thank you for your advice but unfortunately I live in a country where curly/wavy hair stylists aren't as accessible. They are almost non-existent and I'd have to travel to a bigger city to find a salon. Also I don't think my wavy hair necessarily needs a curly cut, as they aren't always that defined but can lean towards beachy (depending on how I style them)."
eggjacket,sx2afv,"If you have the money, it’s worth shelling out for a deva cut IMO. I paid $150 for mine with tip, but it gave so much life to my hair. Plus I only have to get it cut like once a year because the cut lasts a long time before it grows out.&&&If you have the money, it’s worth shelling out for a deva cut IMO. I paid $150 for mine with tip, but it gave so much life to my hair. Plus I only have to get it cut like once a year because the cut lasts a long time before it grows out."
HonestlyRespectful,sx11o2,"Your hair is beautiful as it is. If you get this just doing whatever you're doing, stick with that!"
Losieee,sx11o2,"Help! This is my hair after a shower with having nothing done to it! I’m pretty sure it wavy/curly but idk where to start and what to do with it! I also have adhd so something with not too many steps is preferable:) texture changed recently I have always had super straight hair&&&&&&Don’t want the post removed but idk my texture, density or anything else, and I don’t have a specific routine as of now since that is what I’m asking for advice on&&&I’m asking for something that is adhd friendly, since I cannot do too many steps that will be absolutely impossible for me! I have looked up this method before and others but they’re all too lengthy and is not something that will ever be possible for me to obtain:)"
WeAreStarless,sx11o2,"check out the stickied post on top of r/curlyhair called [""start here! beginner info""](https://www.reddit.com/r/curlyhair/comments/suo98v/start_here_beginner_info_weekly_no_question_is/) (which is also crossposted and pinned to the top of this sub) and that will tell you all about the curly girl method"
whit_flinn,sx11o2,"Your hair looks 2a, it’s the loosest wave type. I’d recommend d most days not doing much of anything! Wash your hair, put conditioner in for longer than normal (5-6 mins) rinse out. Add a leave in or lightweight curl cream if you want more definition. My go tos are: eco slay Orange Marmalade and innersense foam. I sometimes use Curlsmith moisture memory on day 2/3 hair with water for a refresh. Other than this, I use gel occasionally if I want my waves to really pop. Most 2a wavies don’t get waves that really stay... so embrace what you have! If you are getting tangles, be gentle, you can use a wide tooth comb and go slowly through hair. If I’m having trouble I dampen my hair add some leave in conditioner (tiny amount) brush through scrunch and let it dry.

Also side note: it’s pretty fun to do foam rollers, if you want a huge 70s look. I do mine on damp hair for 4-5 hours, take it down, brush through and the volume is insane. Totally worth it for a fun night out."
Low_Upstairs_6715,sx0y17,"The Plump Method, a fail by me&&&&&&Yeah kinda true, but its a fail for me because I didn’t like it but I’ll try pinning the bangs back for sure!&&&Stumbled upon this YouTube Video yesterday https://youtu.be/4TJEjYZSiz8 and though wow I need to try that! 

Followed all the steps and it actually looked really promising, my wet hair looked good, I had had really nice and defined clumps… and thats when it all went downhill… tried plopping with my t-shirt and yeah half of my hair fell out because the back is really short… anyways I fixed it and kept going… until it was time to diffuse and I remembered I have only done it twice and both times it looked horrible… and yeah thats why I look like this now… 

But I will try this method again when my hair is longer because I am sure it’ll work&&&Thank you very much💕"
MsSureFire,sx0y17,"I feel you on this. I know better by now that I shouldn't get my hopes up when I try something new, but I break my own heart every time, lol.

Always a learning experience."
PM_ME_heartwarmth,sx0y17,I’d just replace the T shirt with like a turby twist and do everything else the same. I’m gonna try this next time I wash it looks promising!
Scipio0404,sx0y17,Once I get my hands on a diffuser I will def try this out.
cordial_carbonara,sx0y17,"I don't think this is a fail, just not *exactly* what you expected. Her hair is closer to the curly end of scale, I think. Try lightly pinning back your bangs while you diffuse. My hair is a little longer than yours but I've got curtain (ish) bangs and pinning back clumps of bangs keeps them swept back and graceful looking. Usually - we all know how wavy hair does what it wants lol."
nan0ja,sx0y17,"Unrelated, but you have beautiful nails!"
wolf_child1254,sx0y17,And some leave in conditioner and keep a Colton shirt wrapped around for about 1 hour you can also add oils to your hair before wrapping to really moisturize and unite waves
Wavyhaircare,sx0g7r,"I'd call his 2a waves :). With the amount of mousse and gel you've used so far, do you get a cast over all of your hair strands, meaning each curl is separate and stiff? If not, you may get more definition by using more mousse and/or gel. 

Here's a pic of my hair in a cast to give you a visual (it looks way better after i 'scrunch out the crunch' lol) [https://imgur.com/a/YovHS37](https://imgur.com/a/YovHS37)"
candyflossbaby,sx0g7r,"Is this 2a hair?&&&&&&I’ve only been doing a more curl friendly routine for the past 2 weeks since my hairdresser noticed it kept bouncing up at the back before she had a chance to get in with the dryer. I’ve always considered myself to have straight hair until recently.
For reference my hair has been bleached/coloured about 2x per year for the last few years.

Today I used:
Herbal essences potent aloe shampoo
Xhc banana conditioner
Detangled with denman brush
Scrunched in vo5 mousse and a small amount of vo5 gel.
Plopped for 20minutes and diffused dry.

It looks better in person I think and has a lot of volume but any tips on getting more definition would be great.

Edit: silly me; it was actually wella shockwaves gel and mousse used not vo5 🙈"
whit_flinn,sx0g7r,"I think it’s 2a, but your products seem like they are weighing your waves down in this? I don’t know VO5 brand, but there was a great post awhile back about how all curl stylers contain roughly 5 main types of hold in their products... basically some people’s hair respond better to certain types of hold vs others. Main tends to do best with products that are aloe/flaxseed based gels. I’d maybe try seeing how your hair looks even without product and just scrunched with conditioner in. It helped me to remove products and then add one at a time to figure out which ones really worked well for me."
Repair_That,swyo06,"Question about the Beginner CG method&&&Hi there! I'm planning on starting the beginner CG method soon (I have hair that's very wavy in short curls on it's rare good days but just a dry poofy mess on most others) and I'd like to know when the best time to do the reset wash would be. Should I wait a certain amount of time after the most recent wash or just go for it ASAP, and then after that, how soon should I move on to the co-washing? I currently wash my hair once every two days but I have some buildup from that and it's pretty dry hair, so the reset wash is a pretty important step for me. Thanks so much for any help, and please do share your experiences with the CG method if you have one! :)"
WeAreStarless,swyo06,"you should wash however often you were washing your hair before. no need to switch up your usual washday frequency. the first steps would go something like this:

- washday 1: reset shampoo, conditioner, styling products
- washday 2 and all others until you get to a point where you might need to clarify again: cowash, conditioner, styling products

that said, you don't have to cowash if you don't want to. there's a nice middle ground called sulfate free shampoo (low-poo), which might result in less build-up"
deafwhilereading,swyo06,"Hey in addition to what was already said, you can maybe use a deep conditioner (hair mask) once in a while, as you said your hair was pretty dry.
Personally, I waited for my first wash until I used up the (non chm approved) products i already had, but when you do it is totally your choice. 
And just wash your hair when your scalp feels itchy.
Also, cowash could weigh your hair down, a lowpoo is probably the way to go and then clarify as needed :)
Hope that helps!"
10MileHike,swxf5l,"Wavies need less rich, substantive products w/out a lot of butters and oils, etc.   It weighs their hair down."
1questions,swxf5l,"I honestly wouldn’t worry about following any specific method for your hair, people get too wrapped up in that. Treat the methods as guidelines but then experiment and do what works for you. It’s your hair and no one is going to know what works best for you. 

Some people only wash their hair once a week, some “rule” says not too wash too often. My oily scalp wont allow that. No matter what products I do or don’t use my scalp tends to be oily so I’ll wash my hair when I need to. 

I recently moved to an area with a much different climate and I’m still figuring out how to deal with my hair. Also so many other things affect hair besides products you use, there is your nutrition, your medical status (hormones, pregnancy, medications you take), the environment you live in, and that sort of thing. So when I read the rules for these methods I try things and if they don’t work I don’t worry and I don’t feel bad about not strictly following any one specific method. I follow the me method meaning what works for my hair is what I’ll do."
AutomaticYak,swxf5l,Also wavy and been trying different things for months and I agree with this. The lighter products make my hair less limp and the curls and waves a bit more defined. If I over condition I get really flat and it pulls the waves down.
Coliebear86,swxf5l,What I do with my waves is wash in cool water then use the Redken leave in conditioner which is an excellent for detangling fine and dense hair. A lot less breakage.
RedCoffeeEyes,swxf5l,"I'm also on the very thick end of wavy, I've noticed I seem to get a lot of frizz when I plop. Does this happen to you, or am I doing something wrong?"
WeAreStarless,swxf5l,"there's not really an official definition for either of them, but i think the biggest difference is probably a focus on lighter and more cleansing products, so a sulfate-free shampoo (low-poo) as opposed to a co-wash, and a gel or a mousse as opposed to a cream"
kgberton,swxf5l,"Everyone, wavy or curly, tries the cgm and experiments and modifies from there to suit their needs. There's no clearly laid out wavy girl method like there is curly."
oatbevbran,swxf5l,"Sounds a lot like me, though I shampoo every 4 days. I LOVE TJ’s shampoo and conditioner. And my Denman."
t1mepiece,swxf5l,"It seems like there are a lot of wavies with very fine hair that is easily weighed down by conditioners and styling products. So there's more emphasis on actual shampooing and less on conditioning. 

No-poo generally doesn't work on fine wavy hair - we just cn't stand up to the weight of all the natural oils and product. And our products tend to be lighter - more mousse and light creams, less oil and heavy gels."
thebrokekpopfan,swxf5l,"What is the difference between wavy girl and curly girl method?&&&Hi. So recently I discovered that my hair is wavy, and I've started using all these CG products, but I feel like I'm still left out on a lot of info. For example, a lot of ppl say you should brush your hair with a wide tooth comb while moisturizing, and I did that and a lot of my hair came out :') (which makes sense). But I feel like with some tips and help I can make my hair healthy. Like using cg products have helped me regain the smoothness of my hair, so like can anyone tell me wavy hair method in detail so I can take better care of my hair? That would mean a lot. P.S: my hair type is 2A-2B"
thistimeofdarkness,swxf5l,"I (2a/2b) tried all the cgm things and have landed on a routine:  wash with trader Joe's shampoo. Condition with trader Joe's conditioner except one day a week I use tressame conditioner. I squish to condish everytime. Really soak my hair at the end and then squish a lot. Then I separate my hair into 5 or 6 sections and use a denman brush to form ringlets and clumps. Squish some more then plop for about half an hour. After that, I pineapple and sleep on a silk pillowcase. I wash my hair every 2 or 3 days (nights actually). My hair is usually damp by the time I get in bed

Products weigh my hair down way too much. I get loose waves this way and it's predictable. The Denman reduces frizz a lot. I found that most of my frizz was from the hairs not lining up. I wish I had a product that would keep the waves more clumped but everything I've tried makes my hair look limp and dirty after an hour or so. And coconut oil is the devil for my hair"
trinity47,swxf5l,"I don’t know about most people but I have thicker, longer hair and therefore find my hair gets weighed down easily (2a/2b as well), so if I want nicer,more prominent waves I have to diffuse, if I’m too lazy for that I just air dry and accept it’s not going to be very defined haha. Plopping for maybe 10 mins very carefully seems to make my hair smoother, as does squish to condish with lots of conditioner-still use suave since tresseme seems to have included Shea butter in their formula, which weighs my hair down a lot so I’m reluctant to try. Also recently realized how sensitive my hair is to glycerin-basically the ideal zone for using it is 40-60 degree dew points, outside of that will give frizz. Whether or not you can handle a small amount without much frizz in points close to this but not in this zone or even some in your shampoo is indicative of how sensitive your hair is to it. Also been trying to see how my hair does with more protein now that I have glycerin under control since it seems to help the waves be more defined. There’s some YouTube videos on these subjects if you want to learn more.

As far as other products I like the kinky curly curling custard for smoother waves with a little more enhancement, and so far I’m liking the bio silk gelee for gel but still playing with amounts. Too much kinky curly get actually seems to stretch out my waves, since it is so moisturizing without being heavy it’s nice but just test out to see how much is just right if you try it. Oh yeah also low poo is a must can’t do co wash I tried for a long time and it just doesn’t work for me, and make sure to clarify every few weeks stuff tends to build up more easily for wavies. Haha sorry I’m so scattered. Basically though lots and lots of trial and error since everyone’s hair is so different."
No-Collection-6982,swvyv4,I think your hair just need time to grow out more . I just got a hair cut too and some part of my hair that really short layers look like yours .
itspronouncedskyler,swvyv4,"Any tips on growing out wavy hair?? Frustrated and not sure what to do with it&&&&&&I’ve had a pixie cut for years that required almost no day-to-day maintenance (just very frequent haircuts). So I still have a really minimal routine. I cowash every other day with a sulphate free shampoo/conditioner and put a bit of mousse in it. If I take the time to dry it (just scrunching delicately with the my hands, as I don’t have a diffuser) it ends up like the pics. If I don’t, it gets a bit frizzy. I’m trying to embrace the frizz.

I’m mostly struggling with detangling (which I haven’t really had to do for years). I also hate how inconsistent my hair is—the way it curls on any given day seems out of my control and I feel like I don’t know what I’m doing. I’d really like to keep growing it out, but I basically don’t know how to be the custodian of hair. Should I just give up and chop it off again?? 😩

Edit: some details"
