index,id,comments
AzOOAK,s0awvp,I just recently discovered the combination of gel and mousse as well! News Years Eve was probably the best my hair has ever looked.
ObiWanCombover,s0awvp,Beautiful! How long does it take to air-dry that mane? Do you scrunch out the crunch once dry?
TeamRamRod3,s0awvp,"If you want a other option, try Uncle Funkys Daughter curl magic. My hair looked the same as yours using those products (super pretty), and this curl magic brings it to the next level for me. I use it alone usually, or with some gel on top if it's humid out"
jessinjeans,s0awvp,"Mousse vs Gel vs Mousse & Gel&&&&&&Routine: 
Shampoo with Suave Daily Clarifying Shampoo

Condition before shampoo: Shea Moisture 
manuka honey & yogurt hydrate + repair conditioner

Microplop

Mousse: Herbal Essences Totally Twisted Curl-Boosting Mousse with Berry Essences

Gel: Aussie Instant Freeze Gel

Air dry&&&Thank you. I’ve heard amazing things about that product. It’s been on my list to try. :)&&&I was trying to recreate a routine I did back in September. It worked more or less. My hair has certain preferences but after everything is said and done, it will do what it wants.&&&Yep! That’s what I do. :)"
lgoguen,s0awvp,"Beautiful!
Curious if you’ve ever tried applying the mousse then gel. I use a mousse and gel on my wash days and have noticed a big difference when I apply the mousse first!"
petrichorgarden,s0awvp,Agreed! I add my mousse when the hair is soaking wet and scrunch it in/scrunch out water before plopping. I plop for a while and add gel once my hair is like 20% dry. Then I either diffuse to 80/90% dry or just air dry it
acenarteco,s0ahjb,"Styling products are probably a good place to start! It’s mostly trial and error at that point. I would probably try to ditch the oil, and look for products that are silicone free (not your mother’s might be a decent option—they have a gel, a mousse, and a cream that are all worth trying). 

How often do you shampoo your hair? Is it every day? It’s possible you’re drying out your scalp and it’s producing excess oil. You could try a sulfate-free shampoo every other day during the week and then a clarifying shampoo once a week or less. 

Adding different products into a routine is a lot of trial and error—it may not look great at certain stages, but you may see some noticeable changes. Good luck!"
jc921,s0ahjb,"anyone have recommendations on what to do with my hair? i currently have no routine at all, my hair gets greasy very easily, and it dries with like a million different versions of wavy & straight lol&&&&&&for shampoo and conditioner i use biolage, i don’t use any styling products, for my ends i’ll sometimes use oribe hair oil. my hair is relatively thin, not sure about porosity or curly type"
WeAreStarless,s0a5oq,chi infra gel! it's the equivalent of the now-discontinued biosilk rock hard gelee
_go_gu_rt_,s0a5oq,best gels for a hard cast?&&&I'm trying to find a gel that will give me a good cast to scrunch out. I haven't found one that will hold my waves from falling out.
jessinjeans,s0a5oq,"The presence of a cast also depends on how much water is in your hair before/after you style. If I style on wet hair and air dry, I don’t get a cast. If I style on damp hair and air dry, I get a hard cast. A gel I use is Aussie Instant Freeze."
lgoguen,s0a5oq,Curl Smith in shower gel. Shit is unbelievably crunchy. Still trying how to use it properly
sno98006,s0a5oq,Harry’s hair gel. Gives the crispiest cast I’ve ever encountered but scrunches out nicely w/ incredible shine
theoracleofdreams,s0a5oq,"Still looking, but a recent Swavy Curly Courtney had mentioned a gel blast method, so I""m trying that. I did Uncle Funky's Daughter Curl Simulator and Aussie Instant Freeze Gel last night and got a really really good cast.

The back of my head did not form curls (I think they're 2a waves and need to emotionally get that in my head that they will not curl the way I want them to)."
Ikilledyourdogtwice,s09tjj,Blue waves😍 girl you winning in life
Katlynashe,s09tjj,"Very cute and fun!  Your hair came out soooo pretty!  Don't think I've heard that term before ""pixie"" diffused.  Will have to look it up to satisfy my curiosity!"
Nananari,s09tjj,"Wash now style later results&&&&&&My hair is fine and easily weighed down. Doing the wash now/style later routine works well for me when I have time. 

Wash in the evening (always do) with LUS shampoo and conditioner (or condition with my Wella Colour Fresh Mask to keep the Blue vibrant) and then add in my LUS all-in-one as a leave in. Scrunch it with a tshirt so it’s not soaking and then leave it. 

In the morning I re-soaked it with the shower head, added in a bit more of the all-in-one so I could brush it with my wet brush, then I scrunched in Herbal Essences Totally Twisted curl gel and pixie diffused for 10 minutes. 

These were taken at the end of the day-roughhousing with the kids, and laying on it for snuggles at bedtime. The frizz is showing up but still-I’d call it a good hair day!&&&Sure. It’s [this stuff](https://www.wella.com/professional/en-US/hair-color/color-fresh/color-fresh-mask#/?_k=at8ykf)

I only wash my hair once a week, mostly, so this gets used almost every wash. Or I’ll switch it out with a deep conditioner every few washes. It hasn’t stained any pilllowcases or anything, really no bleed at all once I’ve rinsed it out. Looks like you can buy it online, but I grab it from my salon.  The whole range of colours looks neat! Before this I was doing the Mint, and that was also a really nice shade.&&&Thank you!&&&Thank you! 🥰&&&Ha! Thanks. This was my attempt at bringing more Mail Character energy into my life&&&Thank you so much! Never too old for fun hair! My mother is 64, and she let her silver take the spotlight so she could add bright colours to it. Right now she rocks a nice swatch of blue and purple."
Ok_Sheepherder_5457,s09tjj,"It looks so pretty, I‘m jealous!!"
Puzzleheaded-Room990,s09tjj,You look like a mermaid!
Sirengina,s09tjj,"So pretty! Can I ask what blue you used? I use to have my bottom back of my hair blue, but I had to dye it black for work and honestly I miss it. I'd love to do it again but I'm not sure where to start, I used manic panic in the past but I remember leaving everything blue. Is there a more sturdy blue that won't leave color everywhere? Any help would be greatly appreciated!"
Wanted_Gem,s09tjj,"I am officially obsessed with your hair! I absolutely love the cut and your curl pattern is just beautiful! The color pop just makes it fun all around! 
(I am 51f BTW)"
ameliabw,s09tjj,"I’ve always wanted to try this method. I definitely will now. Thanks sm for sharing, it looks beautiful <3"
halfbaked625,s09tjj,"Ooo I have to look into this! Do you find that when you wash and style in the same go your styling falls when it dries? Or just doesn’t work at all? 

Also what do you think makes the difference ? the shampooing ?"
iliterallyhateboys,s09tjj,it’s like the ocean 🥺
jenny526,s09tjj,"Wow! This looks like a (fabulous, high-end) wig! You have lovely hair!"
SeaAdministrative781,s06kz9,"If your hair is stretchy when it's wet, that's some seriously damaged hair!"
SplitfacedSkincare,s06kz9,"The reason for brushing wet type <4\* hair is more for styling than whether it’s more fragile. 

It is more prone to damage when wet, so people try to be careful (lubricate with conditioner, use fingers/wide tooth comb), but for styling, wet hair clumps together. So it’s a trade off. Personally I also detangle dry before washing my hair to reduce wet detangling

\*For very curly hair, the increased fragility of wet hair is offset by the fact that being wet makes it more pliable and thus easier to comb/brush"
WrongLevahhh7,s06kz9,"Can someone explain why it’s okay to detangle/brush hair while it’s wet?&&&Growing up, I was always told to never brush wet hair since it’s prone to breakage and damage. But I recently started to detangle and style my waves with the Denman brush, and I’ve been liking the results. So why is it alright to do so for wavy and curly hair? Is it only okay if you’re using product like a curl cream or leave-in? I guess I’m interested in a “scientific” explanation?&&&Yeah, detangling with dripping wet hair and lots of product has seemed to help me. But I’ll have to try the wide tooth comb & see how that works 👍&&&I honestly was shocked how well the Denman brush worked for me. Like, my waves once dry look like I used a hot iron curler 😳 but I’m still experimenting w/ different creams/leave-ins so we’ll see if it keeps working."
goblinsl4yr,s06kz9,"well first, its important to note using a wide tooth comb or finger comb it when its wet (4 row denman also ok).

but its because its the other way around-your hair is more prone to breaking when its dry. more hydration and lubrication in the hair makes it less prone to do so."
jessacomposed,s06kz9,"Water and conditioner add lubrication that make detangling easier and water increases hair's elasticity. So yes, the hair is more prone to breakage, but imo the added protection of all the slip provided by conditioner and water and the extra elasticity more than makes up for it."
knitlvr,s06kz9,"Hope you get some good answers! Personally, I feel like my hair stretches a bit if I brush it wet, but I don't use a denman brush (and I've heard people rave about them. So maybe it's the brush that makes the difference??)"
smil1473,s06kz9,"I haven't gotten a denman yet, but I've been using a wet brush. Super pliable and bends when it encounters too tough knots that need a bit a persuasion."
Bubimus,s02vz9,Curl Junkie Repair Me is wonderful. It's hydrating and has a bit of protein which my hair really likes. I find that my hair is hydrated and has better wave definition after using it. It's a little pricey but a bottle lasts a while!
Lifeinthesea,s02vz9,"Best hydration treatment for wavy hair&&&I have wavy hair. It desperately needs to be hydrated. I'm frustrated with how many times I'm recommended treatments that will straighten my hair -e.g. keratine-. I do not wish my hair to be straightened and was wondering if any of you has experience with specific treatments that I can look for or pay to get in a beauty salon. Thanks in advance. 

Ps. I really love this community. It has been so helpful in so many ways. Thanks!&&&Thank you! I have tried some of the CGM steps and products but they don't seem to make  much difference so I don't get too worried about that.&&&I have been tempted to buy this one - the entire like of products - but wasn't sure. I can give it a try!"
MrsTruce,s02vz9,"Jessicurl Deep Conditioner is great for wavy hair. It’s light, but does the job really well :) And IIRC, it’s “curly girl” approved, if you care about “the rules.”"
sno98006,s02vz9,"Aussie 3 minute deep conditioner, the waves variety or the regular one will do"
theoracleofdreams,s02vz9,"Maui moisture heal and hydrate deep conditioner, I use about a dime to Nickle size or it will weight down my hair, but I love it! I'll use about a pea size as a leave in due to it having so much moisture and slip!"
Puzzleheaded-Room990,s018qg,2a/2b
Whole-Intention8946,s018qg,"Try gel! My hair is the same, I use NYM gel and it is lightweight but helps my hair hold its wave for more than an hour"
forevermediumm,s018qg,"Stick with it and keep trying new things. My unstyled/pre-wavy method hair was slightly wavier than yours and my first few weeks of cgm were worse than your second picture lol. I'm seeing improvements over time but specifically with less conditioner/more protein, focusing more on refreshing, and sleeping in the cast. I'm currently experimenting with wash now style later, damp-styling techniques, and gel vs mousse vs layering options."
jessinjeans,s018qg,My hair looks like your before picture when I don’t do anything to it. See my post history for current pictures. Please don’t be discouraged. It just needs some TLC to reach its full potential.
missing-in-action-,s018qg,"advice please! having trouble finding my hair type :/ more info in comments&&&&&&1st pic is my hair when i thought it was straight. my routine was wash/condition with aussie (i forget which product specifically). my hair usually looked like this no matter what brand i used. i would then detangle and air dry, occasionally blow dry with heat protectant. it’s low porosity and on the thin side. it would look a little poofy after brushing, and around 10 minutes later it would be frizzy and crazy.

then, i thought it might be wavy. posted to this sub and many agreed, so i tried the wavy/curly girl method for a while. got an aussie wavy hair shampoo/conditioner and tresemme curling cream. it works…ok if i diffuse, but when i scrunch when wet, waves form and fall out within like one minute. diffusing is the only way i could get any sort of real wave to form and stay.

now i’m just very confused. i don’t think my hair is wavy, but i don’t think it’s straight either. any help is appreciated :)"
stargazer81,s018qg,"Looks like 2a. I have 2a as well. The good news is it’s versatile, easy to straighten but also holds a curl well. The bad news is there just isn’t much curl and no matter what you do, unless you use a curling iron it’s not really gonna be curly. I just comb mine wet and let it air dry and some days it ends up pretty straight and other days it’s a little wavy. Looks fine either way."
AssistanceExact,s00c8c,"Honestly I started using this brand about a month ago and I think it depends on the specific products. Because some people have no issues and some do. I started using it full time now and I feel like I lose a lot of hair in the shower like twice as much as I used to and my hair feels less thick? So it could be specific products from the brand, I’d switch to whatever you were previously using that didn’t think your hair. If I notice that my hair is definitely thinning I’ll switch too, it’s not worth it"
SyllabubRoutine3392,s00c8c,I’m having the same problem with that exact conditioner! I can go through my entire hair wash routine but the second I apply it clumps come out. I really like the conditioner itself so at first I thought it was maybe just damaged or dead hair of mine. Glad to know It’s not just me.
cali_fornia04,s00c8c,"Love, Beauty, Planet shampoo and conditioner causing hair loss?! Help!!!&&&So I’ve been using LBP shampoo and conditioner for about 2 years now. In the past few months I have noticed EXTREME thinning throughout my head - especially on the sides and around my hairline. Since August ‘21 I’ve been using their Love Beauty And Planet Volume and Bounty Thickening Shampoo Coconut Water & Mimosa Flower 32 oz. and LBP Coconut Milk and White Jasmine conditioner 20 oz. I mention this because I’ve been using that combo for six months now and I didn’t realize the damage until recently. I’m shocked that after all this time LBP has thinned me out this much.

Does anyone have any similar experiences with LBP products? Also I’m now looking for a similar replacement (sulfate free, paraben free) that is actually good for my hair? I usually go toward products that aren’t too expensive but I’m willing to try anything to save my hair at this point!"
chickpeak,s00c8c,"Are you sure this shampoo and conditioner is causing hair loss? It sounds like you’ve used this brand for years and had no issues up until now. Definitely switch to another brand just in case, but I would potentially go to a doctor for some blood work & anything else they recommend to make sure there’s nothing more seriously wrong."
lesmilly,s00c8c,"This just recently started happening to me as well, I’ve been using them for almost a year and it only started happening last week."
mrshoffu,s00c8c,"I’m sorry you’re experiencing that, I’m sure it’s disconcerting to say the least.  I have no idea of long term effects of LBP, but I would also ask if anything else could be happening- increased stress, change in diet, or even a side effect of covid.  I hope it gets better!"
slowllama420,s00c8c,"Yep, washing my hair and clumps fall out. SCARY. Ill  never use this stuff again"
22evie,rzyiek,"Can anyone help me figure out my hair and what I should do with it?&&&&&&Thank you for responding!! 

I usually don't wash my hair in the shower, we have a hairdressers sink in the house so I usually wash my hair separately to showering. I wash my hair once a week usually, don't know if I should be washing it more or not, there's so much conflicting advice even on something like that! Another reason I got overwhelmed!

I remember trying plopping for a while back when I was getting into all this wavy hair stuff. I didn't really notice it doing much so again I kind of gave up on it. The attached photos are without plopping or scrunching, just scrunched the mousse in a bit. I have a diffuser and again this is something I tried before but didn't really see much difference but perhaps I was using it wrong! I can't stand knotty hair and I feel like diffusers are just making knots 🤣 Obviously I'm probably wrong there.

I will check out her videos, thank you so much!&&&That's so kind! Thank you so much. I suppose what bothers me is, it never lasts. Like I've just woken up and it looks NOTHING like this. Also, I don't really have a ""routine"" I just use whatever's there, so I don't really know what's working and what's not 😭🤣&&&About a year ago I established that my hair might be wavy. I delved into the world of wavy haircare and ended up getting a bit overwhelmed and confused by it all so I gave up and just went back to using whatever shampoos and products I had lying around.

I'm attempting to delve into it again today but I need more guidance! I currently have no 'routine' but here's what I know about my hair - it's dense and fine-medium (not very fine but not thick either, although some people say I have thick hair but I think they might be confusing it with density, I have very dense hair, some strands thicker than others but I don't think I could call it thick), I think I have medium- high porosity because it gets wet quickly and drys slowly. I would guess 2A or 2B, not sure which. The darker shade is my natural color, lighter shade isn't.

The attached pictures show my hair after washing (With Aveda Rosemary Mint Purifying Shampoo and Maui Coconut Milk Conditioner) and putting in the Wella Shockwaves Curles and Waves 3 Mousse and letting it air dry for about 7 hours. Still not 100% dry yet but almost there! This is what my hair usually looks like on the day of washing but I find this is usually gone by the next day.&&&Thank you so much! It annoys me so much so it's nice to hear people think it looks beautiful! Thank you for those leave-in conditioner recommendations, I definitely wanna try some out! 

I'm low key scared of layers, I like my hair to be all the same length so that there won't be bits sticking out if I do particular styles like braids/ponytails, but I guess if I want the waves to look their best that's the price to pay? :)

The thing that scares me about gel is the fear that it'll make my hair feel hard to the touch

Thanks so much again!&&&Sorry I was writing up the comment! It's up now 😊"
BeccaaCat,rzyiek,"Your hair looks and sounds similar to mine, and I'm having good success with the bowl method. 

So I have a large bowl in the shower, shampoo, condition, and detangle as normal, but when rinsing the conditioner out I just dunk my head in this bowl full of water a few times. Add curl cream and/or gel, then repeat.

Scrunch out excess moisture and plop for half an hr and my waves are really coming out."
GreenpointChill,rzyiek,"I can definitely relate to being overwhelmed by all the information and options out there . Do you plop or scrunch your hair at all after your shower? Or is air drying the only thing that you do? Looking into a diffuser may be a good idea as well.

I have 2b hair and found that a lot of the stuff I was watching on YouTube about haircare wasn’t relevant to me or was straight up counterproductive , as it was geared towards more curly and coiled hair. I love Suhanna DeSilva’s videos and product reviews - she’s definitely helped me with ideas and useful information…may be worth checking out. [Suhanna DeSilva](https://m.youtube.com/c/SuhannaDeSilva) 

Your hair looks good at the moment and I love the different shades and colors. All the best on your wavy hair journey&&&Would you mind sharing more about your current routine? If we know what you’re doing currently I think you may receive more specific advice that might be helpful"
MsCephalopod,rzyiek,"Your hair looks pretty similar to mine and tbh I have dipped into wavy/curly girl methods and then largely abandoned them. Major rules I'd say are no silicones/sulfates, try a leave in conditioner, and sleep with a silk or satin pillowcase with your hair in a loose bun. Others are suggesting gels and it's worth a try but I often find gel styling to be too fussy or too heavy. Mousse works for me, and I'll even use it as a refresher on dry hair. Basically, be kind to your hair, play around, and keep it moisturized."
VoyeuristicFizz,rzyiek,"Maybe this isn't what you want to hear, but your hair actually looks very healthy and balanced. Your texture looks like 2A with little bits of 2B. I'm not sure changing your routine is necessary (it looks like a good routine) or would yield much different results.

You have beautiful, healthy, loose waves. You're doing a great job!"
WarriorOfLight83,rzyiek,"Ok, so first of all you need to get rid of sulfates. The aveda shampoo has sulfates. This is really the most important thing you can do for your waves. The shampoo from Maui doesn’t, but coconut oil is not everyone’s cup of tea - as you’re at the beginning of your journey, I’d avoid using products that contain coconut oil.

Then ditch the mousse and get some gel - I know it sounds weird but just do it. And you need to use a bit, at least as much as a walnut (whole with shell) for all that hair. Plop for 15 minutes, then dry with the hairdryer (low speed, high heat).

When it’s halfway dry, stop the hairdryer. Wetten your palms with water, then put a little bit of gel on your hands and scrunch it in the hair (this is called smasters).

Then resume drying with the hairdryer (unless it’s summer where you live) and dry until 80% dry.

Then you stop and airdry until 100%. Do.not.touch.your.hair for the entire time you’re drying it, except for smasters. And wait until it’s for sure 100% dry before scrunching out the crunch.

That’s it. Remember that the first month your hair might get greasy more quickly, but it’s just a month and then they readjust. Be patient.

Oh, and sleep with your hair in a pineapple bun. You’re welcome."
dreamsmarter,rzyiek,"It's beautiful hair! I think you have a lot of options depending on what you want. For straight up healthy hair that's low maintenance, I would recommend finding a leave in conditioner and using it after every wash. I use kinky curly knot today or curls blueberry bliss. They both help with tangles. I've also enjoyed Giovanni direct leave in.

For styling, since you have so much hair, your best bet to get the curls to really curl up will be adding in a lot of long layers. Otherwise the longness and heaviness will weigh it down and you won't be able to keep your curls for very long.

Another tip for getting curls to last is using a very strong gel (even on top of mousse or curl cream and yes this will take a millenia to dry). I've heard good things about Giovanni la hold, rock hard gelee, and just cheap la looks. If you use a good slippery leave in, maybe diffusing won't cause so many knots and you can use products without it taking as long to dry."
gawiya,rzyiek,Layers
kgberton,rzwmps,There's really no substitute for experimenting with the products you have already and then adjusting from there.
takcajaz,rzwmps,"I have wavy hair that’s both thick and fine, any tips for caring for and styling it?&&&I have always had waviness to my hair, even when it was down to my waist. I know that I have 2a waves for sure now that it’s a lot shorter, but my hair is so thick and fine that they fall out fairly easy. 

As for my routine, I try to only wash twice a week, three times if absolutely necessary, and that’s helped how oily my hair gets for sure. I switch between different shampoos, but right now I’m using the SheaMoisture Strengthen and Restore shampoo and conditioner. 

I’m still pretty new to styling it, so my knowledge here is pretty minimal. I have tried mousse but every time I use it, no matter the amount or method, it makes my hair feel stiff and oilier than going a week without washing it, and wave clumps just won’t form at all. I also have gel and cream, but I’m not sure which I should use. They’re all Not Your Mother’s brand as well.  

I also own microfiber towels and a diffuser too, to let you know what I’m working with. 

Does anyone have any product or routine suggestions for thick and fine wavy hair? Any help is appreciated! :)"
01010011x,rzw9ks,I’m new to all of this wavy hair care stuff but it looks fantastic to me!
HyperbolDee,rzw9ks,"I started cutting mine when lockdown started and I don’t think I’ll stop any time soon. Wavy hair is so forgivable, and all I’d ever get in salons were trims anyway. 

I think your hair looks great, and results like this don’t look “butchered” at all!"
NoKyleNotClydeFrogg,rzw9ks,Hahaha I was coming to say this!!
chocolat-viennois,rzw9ks,cut mine too while you're at it
dixidoll,rzw9ks,"It looks really good from when you cut it before, but I understand being nervous about butchering it. I cut my own hair because I don't want to pay for a salon visit, and it usually turns out decent, but I also take it slow and cut it a few times to get it to what I want. 

Disclaimer: I know nothing about professionally cutting hair, this is just my personal experience with it.

If you do decide to cut it yourself, there's some decent youtube videos out there, I watched [one](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hEtxIvrwmE8) by Manes by Mell that I sort of went off of, but my hair is not as curly as hers, it's more like yours. I have also done a unicorn cut, but I wasn't a huge fan of that. I usually cut mine wet, but if you want to cut it dry, [this one](https://www.youtube.com/watch?app=desktop&v=lTlT1hH_VwE) looks pretty good.

Either way, good luck on your hair journey!!!"
hannahloo1998,rzw9ks,I don’t really have any advice but your hair is gorgeous!!!
integrated_heroine,rzw9ks,"I love your hair cut then! If you feel comfortable cutting it, go for it! I’m sure it will turn out awesome! Do post result pictures!!! 😊"
whatahoot21,rzw9ks,"Should I cut my own hair? This is how it turned out last time...&&&&&&Thanks! This is the product of a unicorn cut with some free hand editing lol. I appreciate your advice :)&&&This was a couple years ago and I don't remember the details of my routine back then,  but I just washed and conditioned it with whatever target brand my mom had bought and air dried without touching it. 

I cut it myself during the first lockdown and I'm tempted to do so again but don't want to butcher it. Any advice? 

Thanks!&&&[I did it! ](https://www.reddit.com/r/Wavyhair/comments/s1ki0d/i_did_it_i_cut_off_like_4_inches_and_it_doesnt/?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share)"
Puzzleheaded-Room990,rzvafv,"What works for me is putting my hair up in a bun for some time and then letting it out(we have the same length) but its at the expense of some of the waves. Some people put clips in their hair to ‘raise’ the roots (like little claw clips), but i think perhaps some layering or a different hair cut could help with volume?"
WarriorOfLight83,rzvafv,"Your shampoo has sulfates. That’s like no.1 thing to ditch. It really makes a difference because your scalp won’t produce as much oil after it readjusts (1month) so it won’t weigh your roots down after 2 days you washed them. Just go for it.

That will make the biggest difference. Until then, you can dry your hair with your head upside down for more volume."
chasinggoose,rzvafv,"Started less than a week ago. How do I stop the frizz and add volume at the roots?&&&&&&Since I’m new to this, I still use my regular shampoo and conditioner.  
Shampoo: L’Occitane repairing shampoo  
Conditioner: L’occitane repairing conditioner or Maple Holistics Silk18 

Afterwards I apply scrunching Garnier Curl Scuplt and Not Your Mother’s Curl Talk Gel. Let it air dry then SOTC. 

I’ve only used Curl Talk deep conditioning mask once."
1189512,rzu2ih,"How to tweak routine to recover from moisture overload?&&&Hi guys. Over the past year my 2c curls have become more 2a-ish. I had no idea what was happening, and via Reddit suggestion I used a clarifying/chelating shampoo, which initially helped, but curls quickly drooped again. I tried a few bond repair treatments which didn’t do much, and finally used Aphogee 2 minute keratin reconstructor (NOT the 2 step) which helped a lot! So I think I’ve established I have moisture overload. I’m wondering how I should tweak my routine until my hair recovers. (I would rather use products higher in protein than doing another treatment to avoid protein overload). Routine in comments. Thanks!&&&Hi! I just wanted to follow up and say that I tried the Curlsmith protein foam, and my curls already feel like they’re regaining some of their structure. Thank you!&&&Thank you!! It sounds like I need to keep things flexible and just see how my hair responds.

Do you use any hair oils or serums? I usually scrunch them in when hair is damp (I think most people wait until their hair is dry, but this helps keeps my curl clumps together). I’m wondering if this could make moisture overload worse. It doesn’t make a difference in drying time for me, but could it be trapping more moisture in my hair?

*Edit- Rephrasing… it’s obviously trapping some moisture in because it’s an oil, but is it something I should hold off on for a while?&&&I did this yesterday for the first time in my life and I definitely felt like the curly hair gods were going to smite me 😂 I do feel like I need some kind of moisture because the dew point is super low where I live right now. Maybe I should do rinse out conditioner but skip the leave in…&&&I haven’t had a truly consistent routine for the past year as I’ve been trying various products to fix my hair.

Old routine that worked for multiple years: shampoo and conditioner with Renpure coconut water or OGX coconut milk, pea sized amount of kinky curly knot today or Renpure coconut milk leave in, LA sport mega mega hold gel, Jack black MP 10 oil scrunched onto ends. Every so often used Aussie 3 minute miracle to deep condition. Never used a clarifying shampoo. 

For my new routine, should I be looking for stylers higher in protein? Anything I should be avoiding (e.g. cowashing, oils)? Should I be clarifying more often and deep conditioning less? Or should I just keep my routine the same and use more protein treatments? Help :("
CaptainCrapula,rzu2ih,"My hair goes into moisture overload really easily. Getting my hair to dry quickly is really important. I diffuse my hair for at least ten minutes and have started using less stylers (gel, mousse) so it dries faster. I don't do any sort of refreshing that gets my hair wet either. If my hair is feeling really overmoisturized, I won't squish in my conditioner or products because I don't need that extra moisture.

I also got a few protein-heavy products that I throw into my routine every second or third wash. I have the Curlsmith protein foam that's really high in protein, and then I also have a leave-in and a shampoo that have less protein. I just mix and match depending on how my hair is feeling, but the Curlsmith foam has been my favourite.

I hardly ever deep condition my hair because it doesn't need it. Again, I don't follow a strict ""schedule"" of deep conditioning or clarifying every X weeks. Just whenever my hair feels like it needs it, I do it. But if you're getting moisture overload, don't deep condition for a bit. Clarifying will help because it will ""dry out"" the hair."
dangshootdarn,rzu2ih,"2a-2b here. I’ve been really struggling with over moisturized hair too, so I decided to stop using conditioner for a bit (which feels like a sin, lol). My new routine is Giovanni tea tree shampoo, a little bit of curlsmith protein cream and uncle funkys curly magic curl stimulator."
kgberton,rzotcw,Does your conditioner have silicones?
naaandzz,rzotcw,"do i have wavy hair? What can i do to make it look, nicer??? idk&&&&&&also this is my hair after washing it with a sulfate free shampoo and conditioner and airdrying&&&Nope! Is that a bad thing?"
_juni014,rznxmx,"Do I have waves or am I imagining things?!&&&&&&My routine for the 1st time:
Redkin condition and gel
T gel shampoo
Techniques:
Scrunching with t shirt
Diffusing"
whit_flinn,rznxmx,Is this just shampoo and conditioner? Did you use gel I couldn’t tell from this post. Is your hair wavy when wet or if your hair is wet and you scrunch it does it make a wave?
AggravatingSector189,rzk9zk,Am I the only one who uses the curling iron to make my top match my bottom?  Not daily but I have amazing wave underneath and almost straight on top.
Doeeyeddear,rzk9zk,"Anyone alternate between hot tools and au natural? Or is it CGM or bust?&&&&&&Yes of course. I’m not currently following CGM. 

Shampoo: ogliopro black light blonde

Conditioner: ogliopro black light blonde

Treatment: Amika shine ✨ washout (has silicone)

Brushed out hair with wet brush ( I know, I know)

Raked in Alaffia beautiful curls leave in

Raked in Alaffia beautiful curls gel 

Scrunched 

Diffused with dyson 

Air dry 

Finished off with dyson diffuser"
MrsEmilyN,rzk9zk,"If I'm going to have a long weekend, I'll straighten my hair, because I'll get more non wash days that way.  Otherwise I'm modified CGM daily."
Pigui-lopez2003,rzk9zk,Too cute 😘😘😘😘
RespiteMoon,rzk9zk,"This! I'm currently trying to decide if I really want to do modified CG again, or if I can just be happy with the waves I get from my nighttime braids. I really hate product in my hair, and how long my hair takes to dry with product in it. Waves are beautiful but I'm just not sure if they're more important to me than a liveable routine. 🤔"
Sensitive-Ad-9694,rzk9zk,"Do you use lip filler? (I’m asking because it looks like you do but wasn’t sure if it was natural or not)

(You’re very beautiful! I don’t mean this as an insult! Was just curious because my friend is considering getting and if this is filler lips I wanted to recommend her to get something not too noticeable like yours)"
Sweethomegirl,rzk9zk,YES!!!! You are ME!
Tammy__One,rzk9zk,"I alternate, and really try to extend the life of my heat styled hair with dry shampoo, braids, etc, so I can make it last longer."
WalterBishRedLicrish,rzk9zk,"I alternate. Modified CGM if I'm home and don't have any important meetings where I need to be on camera, and I use hot tools if I'm traveling for work and physically going to meetings or if I have an important meeting at home.  

Basically if I'm customer facing it's hot tool styling. I have nothing against my own natural hair or anyone else who wears it natural for meetings, but mine specifically doesn't look all that great, never really has."
WarriorOfLight83,rzk9zk,"No, because whenever I use a hot iron my hair won’t curl as well for a few washes afterwards. And plus I can’t see myself with straight hair anymore anyway. I have fully embraced the curls, found my products, perfected the techniques and I am never going back.

ETA: my heart breaks when I think that I brushed and straightened my hair every morning at the beginning of my career just to tame the wilderness. No more"
Zestyclose-Chef5215,rzk9zk,"When my natural hair looks good, I keep it. Looks bad and I'm doing something that day? I'll straighten it."
blckrainbow,rzk9zk,"I do CGM but am not super strict about it, I bleach and dye my hair and don't avoid a product just because it has some alcohol in it. But I haven't touched a hot tool in 3 years and my hair couldn't be happier. I follow the other 'rules' too, but if one day I'll feel like straightening my hair, I'll go for it without a second thought. 

OP, your wavy hair is so, so gorgeous!!"
busigirl21,rzk9zk,What I really like to use is that Revlon brush/hairdryer. I use it when my hair is like 70% dry and it works like a charm. My hair stays amazing the next day. Totally worth it and not expensive at all for what it is. If you section your hair off it goes so fast
goblinsl4yr,rzk9zk,"CGM has made my hair dry straight very nicely where as before, it would get frizzy. Guess my hair is very hydrated!"
hayguccifrawg,rzk9zk,"No matter your routine, you and your hair are absolutely gorgeous. Goals!!"
kalifranks7,rzk9zk,I alternate once in a while for fun. Mostly try to do it when the weather isn’t so dry so you’re not causing more damage. Do you have specific questions about what to do?
kamomil,rzk9zk,"I never got into straightening or curling it. I wash and let it air dry. I'm lazy LOL

A lot of the time, I put it into a bun, so it stays better in a bun if it's in its natural wavy state."
kaylablaze30,rzk9zk,"I alternate. Depending on what’s going on that week if I’m really busy I’ll do one blow out that lasts about four or five days that way I don’t really have to mess with my hair. 

I think it comes down to lifestyle 💜. 

When I’m going to hot yoga more because you’re so sweaty*** you have to wash your hair as much then I’m wearing it natural more often."
kgberton,rzk9zk,"I am modified cg only, but I'd actually like to hear other people's input as well. Have I forsaken my straightener unnecessarily?"
maraq,rzk9zk,"In the summer/fall I always wear my hair naturally wavy - the humidity makes it look it's best and spring to life! But in the winter, the lack of humidity where I live means I get frustrated with caring for it and waiting for it to dry (who wants freezing cold wet hair for hours??) so I tend to blow dry it mostly straight quite a bit. I used to always feel bad about it - worry about damaging my hair, but the wave is always still there on my next wash day. I have decided that it's more important for me to have a routine that is doable, enjoyable and not too burdensome than it is for me to follow any strict cg rules. I don't think cg rules work as well for wavies as they do for curlies anyway!"
menchekia,rzk9zk,I do both.  I know a lot of wavy girls wish they had more curl but I think part of the beauty of wavy hair is the ability to go back & forth from wavy to straight without completely ruining the curl/wave pattern.
minniesnowtah,rzk9zk,"My sister does both, but her curls take some time to recover when she switches back to naturally curly!"
mrsredfast,rzk9zk,I do both as well. Not as well as you do but depends on my mood.
pippipdoodlydoo22,rzk9zk,"Def alternate! In my opinion, variety is the spice of life. I love my natural texture, but if it’s date night, or I’m going to a wedding, I’ll use hot tools or treat myself to a blowout. (Side note - getting your hair washed by a professional is one of the best feelings ever and i am willing to die on this hill.) As long as my hair is healthy and I’m using heat protectant/not overdoing it on the heat, I’m happy!"
popsicle_tree,rzk9zk,"Yes! I've given up on cgm, but I use a lot of the same products. Just lazy with technique and learning to love my hair where it's at. And when it doesn't work, heat tools to the rescue!"
posting-about-shit,rzk9zk,"I never use tools like a curler or a straightener just because I can’t afford good ones, but I do often blow my hair out straight with a hairdryer and round brush when I’m short on time. I’ve never noticed it affect my waves poorly after the next wash, so I assume it’s not so damaging."
Nerdyweebkitty,rzk0y2,"how should I handle my hair?&&&So... I am not sure if CGM would work well for me. Would my hair be ok switching from my usual routine (suave brand shea butter and almond shampoo and conditioner, showering almost every day, not really styling my hair or using heat, last time I got my hair dyed was a couple months ago) to CGM? what should I be wary of? My hair is almost too thick for the water to get through it when I shower, is there anything I can do? any advice for me in general?

here are some pics of my hair, sorry they are low-res (my phone is cheap and I don't own a camera):

https://preview.redd.it/rdf0cq3ehla81.png?width=904&format=png&auto=webp&s=366f92c51e474abdead74047a37d73b8d056bc61

&#x200B;

https://preview.redd.it/7c149y4ihla81.jpg?width=1440&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=f4921aa6d55783d43b35acb523a65ceddb883faf

if this post goes against the rules let me know and I will take it down.&&&Thx"
Puzzleheaded-Room990,rzk0y2,"Thick hair can weight down waves so you could perhaps get layers to lighten it a bit. There are people who wash their hair every day who have curly hair, but just try training it (going a few days without washing). If it doesn’t work you can still do it, just concentrate on your scalp only and you’d have to reapply products and such. Also you could try a leave in and buy some gel (if ur shampoo and conditioner have sulfates and silicones in them try to buy ones without when you finish them)."
Thewritingsoflafleur,rzi262,"Definitely get layers. It helps to lift up your hair. Make sure to explain to your hair dresser that you have wavy hair.

As for products - highly recommend switching to CGM approved products and using gel / mousse to get a good hold / make your waves last"
marisa3232,rzi262,"Product recommendations? This is my hair with no product just airdried, I’ve never really known what to do with my waves. My hairs fine high density. Do you think my waves have the potential to be more uniform?Not sure if I should get some layers to help the waves bounce up??&&&"
