index,id,comments
VoyeuristicFizz,sgsczq,"It blows my mind to think people can see their natural texture (this happens so, so often) and still believe deep down they have straight hair and are somehow faking it. 

Society has done a number on people with hair texture...smh.

Yes, water is wet. Welcome! Use conditioner after shampooing and try some gel. Forget the towel, grab a 100% cotton t-shirt (look in your drawer) or a microfiber towel from now on. Diffusing is optional. Boom."
Wheatbelt-woman,sgsczq,"That is certainly wavy hair, no doubt about it.

I would recommend a light leave-in and use of a cotton t-shirt either to plop or to micro-plop.

Gel: absolutely, but different ones have very different effects (some are too heavy for fine wavy hair).

Diffuser: might help, might not. Sometimes I get more frizz from diffusing.

But in any case, your photo shows wavy hair, not straight hair."
brunetti_,sgsczq,Your hair sounds very similar to mine so I’m keen to see what the comments are.
carolynpink,sgsczq,"Right??… I have no idea how you could look at this picture and say this is straight hair.
Yes you have wavy hair, those are definitely waves."
mstrobelight,sgsczq,"Wait, is my hair actually curly/wavy? Details in comments.&&&&&&Oof, yeah, I feel that. In the back of my mind I'm still thinking, ""But when you brush it before air drying it's way less wavy...""

But I guess if someone had truly straight hair, not brushing it before air drying would still leave their hair...straight...?

In the past I've felt like if it didn't look like this after a comb then it wasn't real, as if people with wavy/curly hair don't have to have a routine that optimizes their texture. It sounds kinda silly now haha.&&&I need to find myself a cotton shirt for this! I was thinking to go buy an aloe leaf from the grocery store and blend it up, or maybe make a diy flaxseed gel. My friend has a diffuser attachment for her hair dryer, so I might see if I can test hers before buying my own haha.&&&I've seen several reels about people who thought they had straight hair, but it turned out it was curly when taken care of properly. I'm wondering if that's me, and I'd love to hear your thoughts!

Hair details... -Very fine, moderate quantity -Easily weighed down, keeping volume is hard -Normal to sometimes dry scalp (have to be careful with moisture, see previous point) -Has always had ""movement"" in it -Never liked to hold a (heat styled) curl growing up -Takes forever to air dry, seems to take on water quickly -Sensitive to humidity -Dries straight with regular blow dryer -Usually soft/silky and fairly often shiny, but can still have some frizz

Timeline... 2011: Started washing my hair every other day 2014: Stopped using any heat styling 2015: Started using a boar bristle brush and a silk pillowcase 2016: Started using Shea Moisture Fruit Fusion shampoo and conditioner 2018: Started using beecrowbee shampoo and conditioner and was able to transition to twice a week washing (by nixing conditioner unless my hair got long, then only a little on the ends or it would weigh down my hair and make my scalp greasy faster) Very end of 2021: Started using Under Luna unscented shampoo w/double wash as suggested (scalp had been feeling kind of itchy and dry sometimes, and I wanted to get away from strongly scented products, so I switched and my hair really likes it)

Current routine... Wash twice a week, shampoo only, sometimes ACV rinse. On the weekend: wash in the morning, put up in towel gently, brush through with wide tooth comb, clip back the front and air dry. During the week: wash in the evening, put up in towel gently, brush through with wide tooth comb, use table top fan as a faux hair dryer ""on cool"" (bc I don't own one) to 80% dry before bed, say hello to the floofy waves that result. Every night except wash night: boar bristle brush, sometimes braid to sleep because my hair is currently too short for a bun (I miss that).

What I did this morning... Shampooed as normal after ACV rinse, flipped my head over and ran a tiny bit of conditioner through my hair with my fingers with only a little on my scalp (got a sample of Under Luna unscented conditioner), rinsed it out, gently squeezed out excess water, even more gently put my hair in a towel to not drip, let my hair down and scrunched it a bit, did not comb or clip it back before air drying.

Clearly there's something going on here, but what exactly? It's hard to tell, but there are technically some very loose spirals in there. I part my hair on the side, and the ""smaller"" side is much less tousled, which is typically what my hair looks like when I comb it before air drying.

Did anyone else start out this way? Should I get myself a diffuser and some clean gel/mousse and give it a go?

Thanks for reading!"
2a2b2c,sgrgms,"isitcg.com is useful, you input ingredient lists and it separates it all out into categories. It’s intended for showing if a product is cgm approved, but I don’t even follow cgm anymore I just find it useful for the formatting! It isn’t perfect, if an ingredient doesn’t quite match their database it’ll be put into the “not an exact match” category at the end, but for a quick look it’s pretty useful.

In general, look for “hydrolyzed”, it usually is protein. Keratin, silk amino acids, amino acids in general, collagen (I think), and obviously anything that says protein lol. There’s more I’m sure, but those are the ones off the top of my head!"
Educational-Maven-92,sgrgms,A lot of times if something says “repair” it’s got protein.
Grateful-Hummingbird,sgrgms,Maybe start looking at the ingredients!
Mugwortis,sgrgms,"What are common protein ingredients?&&&I want to start paying more attention to moisture/protein balance in my routine. I feel like marketing teaches all about moisturizing ingredients (to the extent that I always thought the most heavy, butter/oil filled products were what I needed - cue straight hair most of my life!) I don’t really know how to spot a protein in a product that isn’t directly stating it as the main benefit!&&&This is helpful. Thank you!&&&Amazing. This is exactly what I was looking for! Thank you!&&&Yes but I don’t know which ingredients are proteins!"
UnfairForever2505,sgrgms,"Look for ingredients with the words ""hydrolyzed"" or ""amino acid"" in them. That will get you started."
kamilakostka,sgrgms,"Animal proteins:

Milk protein or Hydrolyzed Milk Protein 

Caprae Lac Extract (Extract form goat milk) 

Silk or Hydrolyzed Silk, 
Elastin,
Collagen,
Keratin or Hydrolyzed Keratin,
Casein or Hydrolyzed Casein,
(Hydrolyzed) Cashmere Protein,
Gelatin,
Yeast,
Hydrolyzed Egg Protein (Albumen)


Plant proteins: 

Oats/ Oats Protein/ Hydrolyzed Oats Protein

Corn protein/ Hydrolyzed corn protein 

Wheat protein/ Hydrolyzed wheat protein/ Hydrolyzed triticum vulgare protein 

Rice bran protein/Hydrolyzed rice bran protein/Oryza Sativa Hydrolyzed protein

Soy protein/ Hydrolyzed soy protein/ Hydrolyzed soybean protein 




Amino acids: 

Cysteine,
Arginine,
Methionine,
Serine,
Threonine



Peptides: 

Peptide or Tripeptide"
Grateful-Hummingbird,sgqz8f,Have you tried doing a refresh on day 2 or 3? I usually wet my hair with some leave-in conditioner to bring the curl clumps back together.
crissy8716,sgqz8f,"Do you need to put product in?&&&I have started the CGM/WGM in November 2021 and I like the changes in my hair. What I don't like is how stringy my hair can get on days 2 and 3.

I wonder if I can skip the product all together and see what happens? Has anyone tried that?

I don't know, I'm just scared I'd lose my curl/wave if I skip the product. Thanks!"
superdeeluxe,sgqz8f,"99% of people use styling products because without it, their waves fall flat or aren’t as defined. Waves are delicate and fine and need support in the form of gel or mousse to help keep their shape.


You don’t HAVE to use any stylers but you may not like the results with without them.


Very few people can wake up the following day and go without doing anything again. That’s why we refresh our hair. This usually involves lightly misting it with water to reactivate said styling products and then add more. Some people even diffuse again.


If your hair is still looking stringy after refreshing then it may be an indication that your styling products or shampoo and conditioner aren’t a good fit for your hair and you need to try something different."
LilChunkie,sgnode,"Happy with wash day results after trying a new routine!&&&&&&Routine: 
-Shampoo roots with Oribe shampoo for beautiful color.
-Conditioned middle and ends of hair with Oribe conditioner for beautiful color. (Left some in for extra moisture with drying)
-Giovanni direct leave in weightless moisture conditioner (leave in that doesn’t weigh hair down)
-Plopped in microfiber towel for 10 mins 
-Scrunched in Kevin Murphy young again treatment oil (to seal in moisture)
-KMS hair play liquid wax praying hands a bit and scrunched a bit (to help with frizz and holding curl pattern) 
-air dried!

This is my first time using this shampoo and conditioner. The leave in conditioner, oil, and liquid wax I have used with other shampoos and conditioners but felt like results were better this wash day.  Routine not quite CG approved but I think my hair responds better than when I was strict CG."
TurangaLeeIa42,sgnode,"My hair seems similar to yours -- thanks for sharing, I will be trying some of these types of products!"
Wheatbelt-woman,sgnode,"It looks great, waves all the way down.

I never thought of shampooing only the roots before -- though my hair's a lot shorter than yours.

What is liquid wax; is it like gel? I've never heard of it before. I have used that Giovanni leave-in a long time ago, though, and found it good, as you say, not heavy."
Kynykya4211,sgnh61,"I started using Target’s Her Minoxidil foam 2.5 months ago. From everything I’ve read and watched you don’t notice improvement for 4-6 months. However I’m noticing some results in the front already. 

The back is taking longer because I (very stupidly) (actually very very stupidly) didn’t apply foam to the back from the start because I didn’t think my hair was thinning back there. Then I looked at it with a mirror and… yikes!  I apply it all over my scalp now."
doasisay_notasido,sgnh61,"Product for thinning hair?&&&Hi!

Does anyone have any recommendations for a shampoo or product or something for thinning wavy hair?"
ItsmeDani__,sgmk2a,Really pretty. The purple money pieces are super cute & your eyebrows are on point sis!
Mpetersen32,sgmk2a,I love the color!
merry_murderess,sgmk2a,"Best wash day yet!&&&&&&Today’s routine:

-Shampoo with DevaCurl Curlbond shampoo

-Squish to condish with Curlbond conditioner, head upside down 

-Squish in Dippity Do Girls with Curls mousse while still in the shower, head upside down 

-Plop 10-15 mins with microfibre towel

-Brush style with Denman in sections, keeping hair soaking wet with a spray bottle

-Scrunch in DevaCurl gel in sections as I style with brush 

-Microplop with microfibre towel 


-Diffuse, then scrunch in Olaplex bonding oil"
ronny_wgd,sgmk2a,A beautiful curly hairstyle just like **India Hair International c**urly hair extension
IncrementalTrees,sgm44w,"If you're open to bars, I've been really liking the [Citrus Shine ](https://www.jack59.ca/products/citrus-shine-1) shampoo and conditioner from Jack59 - they're a women-owned business based in Edmonton!"
Snozzberry123,sgm44w,"Winners usually has deva curl products for really cheap if you want to try that 

Love, beauty, planet is a good brand and not too heavy 

Cake shampoo / conditioner is good and smells lovely 

Renpure is good. Sometimes you can find it at dollarama 

I personally use shea moisture but I have really porous hair and it works well for me"
citylightscocktail,sgm44w,"My go-to conditioner is Giovanni Smooth as Silk Deeper Moisture that I get by the liter for $15 from Winners. I’m not too fussy about shampoos, currently using Live Clean Exotic Shine that I grabbed from Dollarama and clarify once a month or so with Generic Value Products knockoff Biolage Hydrasource but I’m pretty sure it’s only available at Sally in the States. I’ve been using Briogeo Don’t Despair, Repair as a deep treatment.

For stylers, I use Herbal Essences Set Me Up gel, and once in a blue moon I’ll use some Sephora Air Dry Styling Cream under the gel, but my hair is super short right now so I mostly don’t bother."
goodgaljojo,sgm44w,"Product recommendations available in Canada&&&Canadian wavy here - looking for shampoo and a conditioner recommendations. 

I started cgm about a year and a half ago with some good success, but I never felt like I quite got it right. I used a lot of Shea Moisture products because they’re one of the few brands people talk about that’s available at Shoppers. 

These days I’m thinking my wavy hair (2b, coarse, low porosity, dense) might benefit from some sulfates and silicones, or just lighter products in general. I notice I get great volume when I actually wash my hair, and also battle quite a bit of frizz. 

I’m at a bit of a loss now because I’ve been using only strict cgm/mostly Shea moisture products for so long. Before that I would just use whatever was on sale. What shampoos and conditioners have worked for your wavy hair that I could get in Canada?&&&Amazing - thank you!&&&My current routine is to wash with Live Clean Apple cider vinegar clarifying shampoo one a week (a recent switch from Shea moisture black castor oil and Shea moisture power greens before that), condition with Shea moisture frizz control conditioner and brush through with the wet brush ‘for thick hair’. Rinse it all out, flip my head upside down and squish in a combo of herbal essences tousle me softy mousse and dippity do curl gelee. Usually plop for 10 mins and then hover diffuse a bit, air dry the rest of the way. I have a hard time getting a cast, if I’m lucky I’ll get a cast on a few curls on my top layer."
smoulderandbraids,sgm44w,"This is the best lightweight leave in conditioner I've ever found and it goes on sale for like six bucks at shoppers pretty regularly. [https://www.garnier.ca/en-ca/about-our-brands/hair-care/whole-blends/conditioning-milks/garnier-whole-blends-conditioning-milk-repairing-honey-250-ml](https://www.garnier.ca/en-ca/about-our-brands/hair-care/whole-blends/conditioning-milks/garnier-whole-blends-conditioning-milk-repairing-honey-250-ml) The rest of the whole blends line is typical sulfates and silicones I believe, but these conditioning milks are beautiful."
useyourname___,sgm44w,"If you want salon products, you could look on chatters, they have pretty good sales often. I really like the AG curl fresh line, but it does contain proteins which may be an issue for some. I think they currently have a sale on all their litre products.

I found and tried the tressame botanique line from shoppers and that was okay, I think it doesn’t contain sulfates or silicones, so I’m not sure if you’d like it. My issue with it was that I felt like it wasn’t really doing anything. I did like the Manuka and honey lime from shea moisture, I might actually go back to it and see if it works with my current styling products.

I know that Walmart stocks some products that shoppers doesn’t like Twist by Ouidad, which I’ve heard good things about from YouTube. Speaking of which, Manes by Mell is Canadian and most of what she reviews and recommends can be found in Canada."
HonestlyRespectful,sgk5fv,"V05 kiwi lime squeeze, plus it's .88 cents at Walmart."
Luna_Vitae,sgk5fv,I’ve used the Neutrogena and like the Paul Mitchell #2 (around $12-14)
NJbeaglemama,sgk5fv,I use Suave Clarifying Shampoo Rosemary + Mint (green bottle).
No_War_8097,sgk5fv,"Neutrogena Exfoliating Healthy Scalp Clarify & Shine Shampoo for Oily Hair and Scalp, Anti-Residue Shampoo with Pink Grapefruit, pH-Balanced, Paraben & Phthalate-Free, Color-Safe, 12oz

In stock on amazon"
Otherwise-Owl-1534,sgk5fv,Another vote for this one! I only use it 1-2x / month & follow with a deep conditioner treatment!
Thewritingsoflafleur,sgk5fv,I use the herbal essence one and love it! Also use their sulfate free shampoo and love it too
UnfairForever2505,sgk5fv,Noughty Detox Dynamo Clarifying Shampoo
give-me-any-reason,sgk5fv,i like texture id curl clarifying shampoo. i bought my first bottle in october and i’m only a third of the way through.
itsalwayssunnyonline,sgk5fv,"Best clarifying shampoo?&&&I’ve been a long time user of Neutrogena’s anti-residue shampoo, but lately it’s sold out everywhere I look (except at Walmart, where it’s ridiculously overpriced). I don’t want to spend $18, so any other recommendations?&&&I’ve seen this one. Do you use it every day, like it says? I clarify twice per month and I was worried this one wouldn’t be stripping enough since it’s marketed to be used daily."
janetsnakehole--,sgk5fv,"I use the Suave Daily Clarifying shampoo. It's cheaper in comparison, and I like it more than the Neutrogena anti-residue shampoo too."
lawschoolandlattes,sgk5fv,I like PureZero- you can find it at Target for ~ $7
madeanaccount4baby,sgk5fv,"Second Paul Mitchell #2! No where near as stripping, but still very effective. My absolute favorite, though, is BB Sunday shampoo. Worth the price IMO. Works extremely well with just a small amount and doesn’t dry out hair/scalp."
ohheykaycee,sgk5fv,"Same, it’s so cheap and it lasts foreverrrr"
superdeeluxe,sgk5fv,"Kinky Curly Come Clean, $10 and lasts forever. Available at Target and several other major retailers. It’s also chelating, so it removes mineral buildup as well which is a plus if you have hard/well water.

Sauve was way too stripping for my hair and made it a horrific and tangled nightmare so I’d hesitate to recommend it to anyone, even if it’s $2."
thebluewitch,sgk5fv,"I use Herbal Essences naked volume shampoo and conditioner. 

I like the [grapefruit and mint](https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/810TGfMPg9L._SL1500_.jpg). I bought the cucumber and green tea, but haven't tried it yet."
tranquilitycase,sgk5fv,"I use Prell. If you can find it at a drugstore or Walmart/Target, etc. it's only a few bucks. It's getting harder to find though. It smells amazing! I've used it for 30+ years."
Ambitious_Bike_8346,sgjufm,"LOVE your hair, you just inspired me to dye my hair like that"
MyPCOSThrowaway,sgjufm,It might be the oil weighing your hair down. Be sure to do a clarifying wash before removing the oil.
Pix9139,sgjufm,"I know that a lot of people are saying to cut the oil out of your routine, and I understand why. A lot of hair oils can weigh wavy hair down and make our hair go limp. However, I have found an exception with grape seed oil. It's loaded with a lot of antioxidants and nutrients that a good for hair. However, unlike other hair oils it's super lightweight, meaning it is far less likely to weigh the hair down. If you still want to include a hair oil in your routine, try switching the argan oil out for some hair and skin friendly grade seed oil instead. I bought a bottle of pure skin suitable grape seed oil at my local health and wellness store. You literally just need a few drops and that's it"
Uzzij,sgjufm,I love your hair colors!
ameliabw,sgjufm,"limp waves :0&&&&&&Thank you!! It’s Manic Panic Fuchsia Shock for anyone wondering :)&&&Hey everyone! Just looking for some product recommendations to get my waves to stay.

Current routine: 

• Shampoo - live clean acv, maui moisture lightweight hydration (just until I finish the bottle lol) 

• Conditioner - lush veganese 

• Mousse - herbal essences totally twisted 

• Gel - herbal essences totally twisted spray gel

• Oil - live clean argan oil spray

Products are smoothed and then scrunched in on soaking wet hair, usually only washing my hair with cold or room temp water.

I’m pretty sure I have low porosity hair, 2b, medium density, course hair, and I try to use more natural products where possible but I’m also low budget since I’m in university! 

Any recommendations would be really great :)&&&YAY I’d love to see it if you do!!&&&Thank you!! I’ll check it out :)"
jubjub9876a,sgjufm,I think it's just that you slept on it. In the photos you said you applied the products at night and then you were unhappy with the look the next day. My hair is very fine so I struggle to have great day 2 hair sometimes
kitkat--,sgjufm,"Your hair texture looks similar to mine and I found a huge improvement once I stopped using Lush on my hair. I also need a little oil on my ends but I found overall their products were too heavy on me and it always felt like there was a residue, which made my waves limp too!"
ryegarden,sgjufm,"your routine looks great!! how do you dry your hair?? I found if I let my hair air-dry, even with products in it goes limp from the weight of my hair/water/products weighting it down. Best practice is diffusing upside down until almost completely dry. veganese is also iirc a very lightweight conditioner, you might fare better with one of their curly hair ones - if you have a store local to you, talk to a sales rep and see if u can get a sample of the glory conditioner (and power! although power is more protein focused, glory is conditioning). 

The other thing is, depending on how long you've been doing curly haircare for, sometimes it takes a while for your hair to train into a proper curl"
superdeeluxe,sgjufm,"A few thoughts:

The biggest offender is likely the oil. Fine, 2A/2B wavy hair literally has no need for oil. 9 times out of 10 it will do nothing but weigh your hair down and make it stringy or limp. Oils are better served for coarse and coily textures. The amount you’re using doesn’t really matter if it’s not suitable for your hair type.


If you cut out the oil and are still not happy with your hair, you may want to revisit your shampoo and conditioner.


Lastly, gel + mousse can be too much for some people and end weighing your hair down as well. You may want to try a stronger holding gel and skip the mousse. Or vice versa.


You also didn’t mention how you’re drying your hair but most people get better results when diffusing vs. air drying so you could try that.


Finishing with a lightweight hair spray can also help your waves last longer as well.


I’d also make sure you’re clarifying at least monthly to remove build up and then following with a deep conditioner."
JLRedPrimes,sgjl8f,"My new conditioner gave me exactly what I wanted!&&&&&&Conditioner is Herbal Essences Curl Definer Revitalisant&&&My Routine is I try to clean it once a week but because my hair always get frizzed out afterwards I experiment with proportions a lot. All in all I try to maintain my hair looking like this which is really hard because everytime I waah my hair with anything Conditioner or shampoo it resets my hair into a poofy mess and i have to waait for the naturaloils to weighdown my hair again. I've never grew my hair out this long so I'm constantly trying diffrent kinds of shampoo and conditioner. I don't like to use any products beyond those because they just make me feel icky despite what would be positive results.&&&I rinse it all out, didn't know leaving some in was a thing lol. I tried gels before, I just don't like the way my hair feels when I put extra stuff into it.  Especially when I run ny hand through my hair and it picks some of it out. Plus I like the natural look of hair sitting by itself lol"
Wheatbelt-woman,sgjl8f,"Did you leave a little bit of that conditioner in, or rinse it all out? Good that you got it the way you wanted... I know you said you don't like to use any other products, but a gel might stop the puffing out problem when it happens. The other thing is to avoid brushing/combing when it's dry, but you probably already know that."
Ebadel,sgi7ht,"Air drying does not work&&&My hair is wavy (2a/2b) but air drying never works for me. My roots get all flat at the top (I have layers). My hair dresser said my curl pattern doesn't start at the roots.. does that mean there is no solution to my triangle hair? Also, I lose my waves after 1/2 hour if I air dry. I don't own a diffuser but my hair looks great when the hair dresser styles it.

Edit: my hair is very dry btw"
FlowerpotRobot,sgi7ht,"I struggled with the same issue until I finally caved and bought a diffuser (nothing fancy, blow dryer + diffuser for ~$35). I was skeptical but it's made a world of difference for me in terms of curl pattern at the roots, volume, and getting my waves to last throughout the day."
Obsessedthenbored,sgi7ht,Root clipping! I have flat “silky” roots that don’t curl and root clipping has been a game changer for me
Grateful-Hummingbird,sghxg4,Do you wash and style upside down? I also have fine wavy hair and using lot of water and washing/style upside down to establish curl clumps helps a ton. I also use moose at the end and it helps a lot.
No-Trip-3888,sghxg4,"Help with Routine for fine, oily, 2B hair😊&&&&&&Current Routine:

Briogeo Mango Cherry Shampoo
Briogeo Don't Despair, Repair Conditioner

Briogeo Farewell Frizz Leave In Conditioner
Briogeo Curl Cream 

I detangle my hair with the leave in and them squish and scrunch in the cream before plopping for 20 to 30 minutes with a microfiber towel.

I've heard great things about NYM! Thinking of trying their shampoo. Also considering adding a mousse? I need more definition/hold I think?
Also looking for a new leave in conditioner.&&&I style it upside down:) what mousse do you like?"
Luna_Birbb,sgfwdl,"update: thank u all for the wonderful advice on my last post :-)&&& I did some research and picked up the Shea Moisture coconut & hibiscus curl & shine conditioner aswell as the coconut and hibiscus curl and style milk and the shes moisture manuka honey yogurt leave in conditioner. I washed my hair, applied the leave in, and applied the styling curl milk and scrunched it for a bit. While still damp, I put it in a plop and have it in currently. Thank you all for the help! I was wondering if I should start using a mousse or gel. If so, do you guys have any suggestions? Thank u :$"
astroblackbird,sgfniq,"Curl creams have quite some protein in them usually, and protein overload is known to cause hair to tangle. Maybe try switching it up with some protein-free products to combat potential protein overload?&&&Responded to post before seeing your comment, sorry; do you detangle your hair during washdays? If you wash your hair everyday but don't brush/detangle everyday, that may be the culprit. If my hair dries tangled, it will keep trying to tangle back even after brushing. 
Also: training your scalp to be less oily doesn't work, your body produces constant amount of oil, so don't worry about that, as long as your scalp isn't irritated from daily washing."
lilacsandpeonies,sgfniq,"I like Kinky Curly Knot Today leave in from Target. I only use it once a week because I find my second day hair feels a bit heavy. But it looks fab that first day with it. The other days I don’t use any leave in and just use curl cream after my wash. Curls aren’t as big/impressive, but it keeps my hair lighter and softer."
marileev,sgfniq,"Curl cream started tangling my hair?&&&Hi! I started my wavy hair journey about a year ago. Started wet plopping and using mousse to maintain my waves. Moved on to a leave in conditioner that worked for a while, but the smell started to bother me so I stopped using it. About 2 weeks ago I bought a Shea Moisture curl cream and it stared to create tangles in my hair. During my hair journey, I’ve stopped brushing my hair every single day and never had an issue until this product. 
Am I doing something wrong? Could anyone recommend a leave in conditioner from Walmart/target? Willing to go to Ulta based on price.&&&Thank you so much for your help!! I’ll look into some options :)&&&Relevant info- I have to wash my hair everyday bc I have a naturally oily scalp and have previously tried to train my hair to no avail."
redditeden,sgf186,"Hair is being sweet today&&&&&&Routine:
Wet hair.
Massage in 1 tablespoon of ACV. 
Wash with Biolage Scalp Sync. 
Scrub scalp with Curlkeeper brush.
Condition with Nioxin Scalp Recovery Pyrithione Zinc Moisturizing Conditioner.
Detangle with fingers.
 Brush through with Curlkeeper Brush.
Comb with fine tooth metal comb (#liceprevention/ #elementaryschoolteacher/ #it’sariskylife).
Cry because my hair is fine and the fine tooth metal comb is not gentle.
Rinse.
Squeeze out excess water. 
Apply about 1 tablespoon of Brocato Curl Cream. 
Air dry.
Wear hair up for the first day in a twisted bun to help calm down cuticle and hair. 
Sleep in satin bonnet. 
This is day 4 hair. 
My hair is low porosity/medium density/fine."
FabulousFoodHoor,sgex6n,"2B/2C fine, medium length hair.

I do a modified squish.

1. towel dry hair
2. add spray leave in conditioner. comb through
3. add curl cream and rake through
4. squish in lots of water. dripping wet.
5. squish in gel
6. plop with a microfiber towel just so the water isn't dripping."
Impossible_Trip2491,sgex6n,OMGOMGOMG same here😩
LoveIsTrying,sgex6n,"2b/c, fine, medium to high density, possibly low porosity, but not sure. I always apply gel to soaking wet hair, otherwise it’ll look stringy."
Meo54321,sgex6n,"2 a/b, coarse, medium to high density, low porosity. The only styling product I apply is gel. I use Aussie Instant Freeze gel on soaking wet hair, then I scrunch with my hands and a microfiber towel until my hair isn’t dripping anymore."
NJbeaglemama,sgex6n,"2B/2C fine, medium length, and a lot of it! I apply my products to sopping wet hair, scrunch once or twice with a microfiber towel to get rid of any excess water and encourage my curl pattern, then let it air dry."
Siren74,sgex6n,"2B, fine, low porosity. I apply products (always leave-in, sometimes cream, always gel) to drenched hair straight out of the shower, scrunch (it makes a squelching sound), and then plop in a t-shirt for however long i take to moisturize. I squeeze out excess water when I take the plop down and then diffuse."
epatt24,sgex6n,"2b/c, high density, high porosity, fine hair.

Both! I apply gel to soaking wet, use a t-shirt to gently scrunch out water a weeee bit, then a little curl cream and then more gel (I like to get a cast) and then air dry. Then SOTC with two drops of argan oil rubbed into my hands to prevent frizz. 

I find applying product just soaking wet or just after squeezing out water means my hair is either respectively 1) under-producted or 2) stringy and dry. Doing both has been the way"
falsepriests,sgex6n,"2b, medium to fine hair, just below shoulder length, high porosity, medium density... I put my products on hair I have just squished some excess water out of. So very wet if not soaking."
golden_sun4,sgex6n,Same on everything! I was skeptical of soaking wet application but it makes a huge difference!
patronessofcats,sgex6n,"2a-2c, fine but medium-high density, low porosity. I apply leave-in and serum to wet hair, but squish out a bit of water before applying gel and/or mousse. Water can really weigh down my hair."
shvkspeares,sgex6n,I get my best results on my refresh days when I put mousse into damp hair then do a short diffuse. I’ve given up on having nice wash days at this point haha
weirdbluedrink,sgex6n,"for my fellow wavies, what is your hair type and do you apply your products to drenched hair or after squeezing out the water?&&&"
wubbina,sgex6n,"I keep on trying soaking wet gel application and it keeps going terribly. It’s going so poorly I’m thinking I have straight hair at this point 😂

ETA 2B fine hair"
yvonnerene,sgex6n,Soaking wet hair gives me best results
Embryw,sgbpei,Such luscious hair!!!
Flayrah4Life,sgbpei,"Your ""Wtf, seriously?!"" face is hilarious. Your hair is awesome!"
Holy_Sungaal,sgbpei,Idk why but I love your expression in the second pic. I feeeel it.
IreneTheWorld,sgbpei,"My hair when I use products +denman vs. how I just woke up this morning after washing the night before and using no products at all!&&&&&&Thanks lol! I def don’t hate it like this, I had just woken up tho and am a little ???? I’ve never expected my hair to act like this, especially when I haven’t done anything to it but wash lol&&&Lol I’m shocked, tired still, slightly confused, and a little disgruntled that normally I take so much time to take care of my hair and it has the GALL to be that good on its own without me trying at all&&&Routine: shea moisture strength + repair shampoo; conditioner suave essentials tropical coconut. Brush with conditioner in the shower, and then apparently just put up in a bun for half the night, get annoyed when trying to sleep so take it out, and suddenly you’ve got rly big hair????"
NEBS_99,sgbpei,My bangs do the exact same thing omg. One super puffed up and the other side super flat. It’s so annoying lmao. I also have a widows peak
bexxxxx,sgbpei,Girl your hair is BEAUTIFUL!
carolynpink,sgbpei,"I really like your second photo! I love the volume - I know it might not be what you want, but it still looks great!"
gengarsnightmares,sgbpei,That volume though!
lithopsp,sgbpei,Dude the volume 😍😍😍
oliviamoodyyyy,sgbpei,You and your hair are so beautiful!!
one_bad_engineer,sgbpei,Girrrrrlll I love both!!
roundy_yums,sgbpei,"Wow, you’ve got options! You look great either way!"
sas0002,sgbpei,The second photo omg your hair is sooo gorgeous.
smokedbock,sgbpei,Sometimes when I do nothing at all it looks better than when I tried really hard 🥲
Chickaletta4,sgajpp,Check out Matrix. There is a porosity spray that works really well and I like their Color Obsessed shampoo/conditioner the best for my bleached hair.
falsepriests,sgajpp,"Shampoo and conditioner for fine, porous hair&&&I'm based in the UK so I'm specifically looking for brands that I can get without breaking the bank by importing overseas. I'm currently using shea moisture strengthen and restore shampoo and the yoghurt/manuka honey conditioner, but I think I would benefit from lighter shampoo and conditioner, as I feel like my hair gets weighed down easily. As I have bleached hair, proteins seem to go down well. 
Any recommendations would be much appreciated!"
