index,id,comments
holo0000,sbasbp,"By towel dry do you mean a microfiber towel or a regular towel? Both can rough up your curls, try swapping for a cotton tshirt. You can even plop with it after"
lovelyeufemia,sbasbp,"Step 7 is a mood. Just like you, I've completely given up on protecting my hair at night aside from using a satin pillowcase! If I try to sleep with my hair in a pineapple, I wake up with a wild beast mane straight out of the 80s (it's fun, but a little bit too much, hah). 

Love the noticeable difference in your hair - it looks so shiny compared to before! I think your results will keep getting better and better since you're preventing silicon buildup. Thanks for spreading the message that perfection isn't required, by the way! Everyone has to discover their own personal routine that works, plus your hair has to be healthy first before you can start seeing great results."
relativelyravyn,sbasbp,"Results don't always have to be amazing to be worthwhile. Increased hair health has been a huge win for me.&&&&&&Routine:

1. Wash every 2-3 days. Shampoo with Tresemme Botanique Coconut Nourish.

2. Condition with Tresemme Micellar Moisture. No special technique here, just finger-comb. I have issues with putting my head upside down so I remain right-side up.

3. Thoroughly towel-dry, brush hair while wet, then squeeze ends with towel. 

4. Use one of the products I am experimenting with, while hair is wet. Typically either Hairitage Ahead of the Curl creme, or Curl Keeper Original Liquid Styler (which is more like a light gel). Both are silicone-free.

5. Scrunch, no special method.

6. Air dry.

7. At night, I do nothing. I sleep on satin pillowcases, but I leave my hair loose. EVERY method I've tried for containing my hair at night either fails to remain secure, or removes all curl entirely. This isn't a problem area, just FYI as part of my routine.

For the past 5 years my hair has been extremely dry, brittle, frizzy, and unmanageable. I have been experimenting all over the place this entire time trying to figure out why. I found this subreddit about 3 months ago and it helped me with some major revelations, namely:

1. My hair is low-porosity and extremely fine, with a very delicate curl pattern. EVERYTHING weighs my hair down. I had been going heavy with thick conditioners and protein overload because I thought my hair was somehow damaged (even though I never use heat or dye on it). Through this subreddit, I realized that this was the exact wrong approach. Using lighter products has made a huge difference.

2. If I go sulfate-free, I should go silicone-free. I honestly did not know this before, and I have been using sulfate-free shampoos for the last year (before finding CGM). ALL my styling products had silicone in them. Once I realized the error here, I found non-silicone stylers to eliminate build-up.

3. It is OK to use sulfates occasionally! Now I do a sulfate wash once every few weeks to help eliminate buildup.

4. Perfection is not required! When I first read through all the CGM methods, I thought, there is no way. I'm just not willing to spend the time with these fancy methods, especially when my hair already takes foreeeeeever to dry and I don't own special tools. I'm not planning to buy a diffuser, I don't envision ever doing the gel thing, and I am not interested in exotic conditioning techniques. But the lessons I learned about hair health answered questions I had literally been asking for YEARS, and my hair now is starting to look and feel so much healthier. This subreddit gave me the solutions I needed. Thank you!"
Foxy_lady_96,sb9fg7,Sorry for the second post - I need to clarify my hair tomorrow .. do I detangle it after my deep conditioner? Do I detangle before clarifying with conditioner first?? My hair is pretty tangled&&&&&&Thank you
Lawwife78,sb9fg7,"If it’s pretty tangled, I’d wet it and put conditioner in it to detangle before washing. Detangle with the DC too."
Obsessedthenbored,sb9fg7,"If you get a ton of breakage when brushing dry then don’t do that! Dry brushing before a shower helps me but I know it’s not for everyone. 

I would say get your hair wet and put conditioner on it then comb through. Clarify and condition again, if you notice more knots then comb through again with the conditioner in."
Mpetersen32,sb993j,I use The Perfect microfiber towel. I got it on azing and I love it. No loops fory curls to get caught in.
SarahT1998,sb993j,I just got the sunday habits co towel - i have relative thin hair and its also a plant based/eco fabric. Probably the most satisfied I've been. soft as F\*&\^
Thewritingsoflafleur,sb993j,"Microfiber hair towel recommendations?&&&This sub is beyond amazing. I’ve been trying to switch to a microfiber towel but I’m too overwhelmed by all the options.

What do you guys use and recommend?&&&I keep saying this subreddit is the best… and it really is 😭 I’ll order it off Amazon!&&&Awesome thank you! Did you get it off Amazon or the company website?

Edit. Only asking because Amazon can sell fakes&&&I keep getting votes for this. I’ll order one :) did you get yours off Amazon or the actual website? Just wanna make sure the Amazon one is legit"
aftertherisotto,sb993j,The Perfect Towel
bondbaozi,sb993j,"Perfect haircare!  Definitely!  It’s such a weird consistency, not like a towel at all, but it has given me my best results!  I see a lot of my favourite youtubers using that brand, too 😊"
ADogNamedPen239,sb8drk,"Does anyone have the Dyson Supersonic hair dryer and use the pixie diffuse method?&&&I’m in desperate need of a new hair dryer and I’ve been eyeing the Dyson supersonic for a while now. My concern is about the buttons though. I’m disabled and I need to be able to turn the dryer on and off with one hand and keep it on the same heat and speed settings each time. Since I pixie diffuse, I’m obviously turning the dryer on and off a lot. 

My current dryer has the type of buttons that you just leave the heat setting where it is and flip the speed button to whatever level you want to turn it on. I’ve looked at videos and pictures of the Dyson, but I can’t find a video of anyone using it to pixie diffuse so I’m wondering if anyone here owns one and could tell me about the ease of one handed use? Do you have to reset the speed and heat buttons every time you turn it back on? Is it light? My current dryer is hard for me to use because it’s very heavy and my thick hair takes a long time to dry.

Thank you!&&&This is so helpful, thank you!! As long as the heat and speed setting will stay the same each time I use it, that’s absolutely perfect for me!&&&That’s great! I need something lighter than what I have now, it’s really hard for me to diffuse for more than 10 minutes because my current dryer is crazy heavy. I’ve heard it dries hair faster than a traditional dryer too, which would be so helpful for my thick hair!&&&I’ll have to look into that, thanks!"
Daisyfay1414,sb8drk,"There are three settings for speed to the left, three settings for heat to the right . They are push buttons that you you can change after you turned it on (Normal button location in the middle that you push up or down) 
If you always use 1 speed/2heat it will be the same settings the next time you operate it . 
Hope this answers your question?"
SFBayView,sb8drk,"I just bought the Chignon Smart Leafless Ionic Hair Dryer. OMG… I love it! It’s about half the price of a Dyson, and is nearly identical. The only downside is that it doesn’t come with a diffuser. I bought a knock-off Dyson diffuser and it works well enough (it hasn’t fallen off while diffusing, but falls off if I turn it upside down and jiggle it). 
The temperature and speed settings stay the same when it’s turned off, so pixy diffusing is easy."
kesk3s,sb8drk,"I’m thinking about buying one as well… I borrowed a friends the other day, and it was so lightweight compared to every dryer I’ve owned."
wtfiswrongwmyhair,sb6h9n,"Improvement, but still frizzy&&&&&&Ouidad Curl Shaper Good As New Moisture Restoring Shampoo, Garnier Ultimate Blend Plumping Hair Food Watermelon conditioner, NYM Curl Talk leave in conditioner spray, JVN Air Dry cream, NYM Curl Talk frizz control sculpting gel. 


I brush in the leave in, then Air dry cream, then gel in with a denman brush. Plop for a few minutes. Spritz individual sections with water and use denman brush to form curls. Delicately scrunch in gel again. Air dry most of the way. Then defuse. 


The denman brush and diffuser have helped a lot.  
This is my first time using all these products except the Air Dry cream. As I was washing my hair I realized the Ouidad shampoo wasn’t sulfate free 🤦‍♀️ So I’m looking for any shampoo recommendations…
JVN Air Dry cream has glycerin in it too, so send any cream recommendations my way too! 


The frizz is a constant battle. The Air Dry cream seems to work, for a short period of time. After reapplying every day a couple times a day, my hair was weighed down by the end of the week last week. I’ve lightly used Argan oil before, but it’s a verrrrrry fine line between “this is doing nothing” to “oh crap my hair is so greasy and heavy”."
Bambina-iwi,sb69rn,I personally love the pure gel by garnier
KellBell523,sb69rn,MopTop custard
Old-Neighborhood-792,sb69rn,Favorite lightweight gels???&&&I have fine hair and trying to find the right gel or mousse to use. Lightweight that has a good cast. That's the only way my waves last. Any suggestions or tips.&&&I have a little bottle of Ouidad so I'll try this out again.&&&I have this one and will give it another try.
Thewritingsoflafleur,sb69rn,I use this too and love it.
blckrainbow,sb69rn,UG scrunching jelly
forevermediumm,sb69rn,"I can't figure this product out. It always feels like a much softer hold than they advertise, and if I use more product my hair doesn't seem to actually absorb the extra. I like the smell though."
gimlets_and_kittens,sb69rn,"JessiCurl Spiralicious, Ouidad Advanced Climate Control, BounceCurl Light GelCream.

All have a hard hold/strong cast, but don't weigh down my very fine wavy/curly hair."
seisen67,sb69rn,I like Curlsmith flexi-jelly.
Massive_Suspect_3456,sb4qvc,I’m having the same experience!
WeAreStarless,sb4qvc,"when did you scrunch it out? usually, if you do it before it's fully dry, it can go all sticky and gross"
ryegarden,sb4qvc,"Using too much gel??&&& I've been using gel when my hair is wet after washing it (after leave in conditioner and curl creme). My hair is very short, so I normally use a pea sized amount and then diffuse. It never creates a cast but my hair dries into a stronger curl than without it. The other day I tried using more gel, enough to actually create a cast, and my hair felt so awful and almost sticky/gummy/clumping afterwards, after scrunching it all out. Is that because I used too much gel or is that a normal feeling? Should I keep trying for a cast or does it just not work for everyone"
suspiciousfishy,sb4qvc,"I think not everyone can get a cast. Sometimes I get a tiny bit of cast on the ends of my hair, but to get a full cast requires way too much gel (and the inside of the clumps don't get dry for hours and hours!). If you're happy with your results I wouldn't worry too much. If you want to try again though, check for some of [these](https://www.curlsandbeautydiary.com/8-reasons-you-are-not-getting-a-gel-cast/) factors."
Fit-Town-5187,sb4nyf,"Which Uncle Funky product are you using?
It looks great!"
montheidi,sb4nyf,"Thanks to all who recommended Uncle Funky!&&&&&&My hair has gotten much finer over the years and has lost a lot of the wave it used to have. I’m a 2a at best. First two photos are in the morning, the third is later in the day after it had been up in a ponytail for a bit and I had been running around. I appreciate everyone’s recs! I am more comfortable with it now than I have been in a long time.

Routine: Shampoo every two or three days with Aussie or Aveeno shampoo for wavy or curly hair, no sulfates, and once a week or so I use a Neutrogena clarifying shampoo because I have very hard water. Condition with Aussie curly hair conditioner. I got the best results with scrunching in Schwartzkopf Totally Twisted curl foam, plop for 20 mins to 2 hrs depending on how busy I get, scrunch in Uncle Funky, throw on a little mousse by Aussie or Tresemme (not cgm-friendly), air dry. Put it in a high ponytail with a scrunchie overnight and sotc/fluff in the morning. A very doable routine for me.

Thanks again everyone!!&&&The Curl Stimulator. Thank you! It is powerful stuff."
Foxy_lady_96,sb2yfj,"Lightweight curl activating product recommendations for very fine 2A-2B hair&&&Hi I need recommendations for a lightweight curl activating product. I’m currently only using not your mothers curl talk mousse .. I think I like it, it doesn’t weigh my hair down .. but I think it makes it a little crunchy. I want to add one product maybe a very light leave in or possibly hair milk of some sort? I am very new to taking care of my wavy hair. 

Something I could purchase at Sally’s or Ulta would be ideal. Thank you!"
Sometimeslistening,sb2yfj,"I have just found the Cantu wave whip mousse (it says it’s a mousse, but it is really a foam), and it is extremely lightweight! I can’t say it has the best hold though, it is a pretty light hold but you can use a ton of it and it just does not weigh it down at all. It also adds in quite a bit of moisture and makes your hair smell amazinggg. If you want better hold, I would recommend topping it with a mousse! If the mousse is crunchy, just scrunch it out and your waves will become soft and smooth :)"
WeAreStarless,sb2yfj,">I think it makes it a little crunchy

do not fear the crunch! just [scrunch out the crunch](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c_ulQW4nVRM) when it's fully dry"
bc749613,sb2yfj,I highly recommend Zoto’s All About Curls foam from Sally!
rellen,sb2yfj,"Seconded! I fell in love with this over chrismtas when my mom bought it to try for herself. I have too many different curl creams of my own to buy it for myself yet, but it was amazing paired with a good hold (but light) mousse! (Also very fine 2B)"
JDnq,saxhub,whats CGM?
madeforthesoul,saxhub,"6 months of progress!&&&&&&I can’t believe how my hair used to look and how it looks now - so much healthier, shinier, and voluminous. I am Southeast Asian for all my AAPI wavy hair folks who didn’t realize they had textured hair!

Routine: I wash every 3rd or 4th day. Style upside down and side to side. I was strictly CGM but now modified. 

1. Shampoo with either Olaplex No. 4, Sauve coconut, or clarify with Neutrogena. 

2. Condition with Sauve coconut. Apply, S2C. Detangle and style with wet brush. Squish. Form clumps. Rinse out entirely while maintaining clumps.

3. Apply Curls bliss-leave in with prayer hands. Spray with water if needed. Scrunch. 

4. Apply Garnier gel by glazing and scrunching. 

5. Plop for 10 mins while I finish my routine. Then microplop.

6. Diffuse for 10 mins, air dry the rest and then SOTC with Ouidad oil.&&&Thank you! I had that early on too.. and so I think part of it is your hair is transitioning. I probably had stringy hair for the few months or so (can probably see that in my back if head photos). 

The trick for me is more water! My hair dries pretty quickly out of the shower, so I keep a spray bottle near me as I style. If my hair is too damp, the clumps won’t form.&&&Thanks so much! I hated that I had a routine the first month I started CGM, but now I get through styling so much quicker. Even on days I feel lazy and go without product, the waves still come out - they just don’t last as long."
mdwespam,saxhub,"Looks great and so healthy! I started cgm, and now just still follow the ingredients but don't do much after showering besides air drying. This might inspire me to get back into some styling!"
runningunicorn04,saxhub,Curly girl method
wubbina,saxhub,"Your hair looks great! I’m still in the early days of figuring out my routine and your hair is goals : ) can you tell me how you keep your hair clumped? I’m really struggling with this. My hair looks good straight out of the shower, but once I plop and add some styling products, I lose my big clumps and get small stringy ones."
lets-go-to-the-zoo,sax7ke,"Porosity? Protein? Moisture? ....oh my!!&&&Hello wavy and curly friends!  I have lurked for a long time, debating whether I want to actually put in the effort required for the CG method on my combination texture hair.  In its natural state (just CG friendly shampoo, conditioner, air dry), my hair is mildly wavy.  The underside is much wavier than the top.  The hair closest to the nape of my neck will form cute little ringlets naturally if my hair is up in a bun/ponytail, but if I leave it down it quickly forms knots and tangles.  I have tried to bring out the overall waves by using CG friendly products, STC and gel with a good amount of initial success, but regardless of how lovely my pineapple, I lose 90% of the waves overnight.  My texture just falls flat over time.  I almost always diffuse to dry because my hair is VERY thick and long and I'm a mom to a 5-year-old and well, its just not practical to wait 8 hours for my hair to dry ""naturally.""  

I recently started wondering if I might have a moisture/protein imbalance so I just read the wiki section on porosity, protein, and moisture and now I'm thoroughly confused on what to try.  I did the hair float test for porosity and my hair floated.  Even after 10 mins it was still floating so I think I can safely assume its low porosity, right?  My hair always feels a little dry and my scalp never gets oily, even after a week of not washing (which is my typical routine).  

I also tried the ""wet stretch"" test in a couple different spots and my hair really did not stretch much.  I had to pull very hard to get a little stretch, at which point it did bounce back.  It didn't break.  But the instructions said to pull lightly so if I'm going by that, then my hair had very little stretch, if any.  So based on these results, my hair is ""lacking moisture.""

What can I do to improve moisture in my dry, low-porosity thick hair?  Some of the indicators of lacking protein and lacking moisture are the same (""loses curl or becomes straight,"" ""can get tangled or knotted very easily""), so although I believe my hair is lacking moisture based on the float test, I am unclear whether it is also lacking protein.

 Is protein the opposite of moisture?  Or do they work in tandem? Should I try both?  Any products to recommend?  Are my assumptions correct thus far?  Thanks in advance for any help!!!  This community rocks!&&&Routine: Wash with Maui Moisture Hibiscus Water shampoo.  Condition with Cantu curl cream.  Wet brush to detangle (This part can take me 10+ minutes. Is it supposed to be so difficult?) No styling products currently because I'm lazy and haven't found anything that I like that works consistently.  Air dry/braid or blow it straight (which is never pin straight but easy)."
mags_7,sax7ke,"Your hair sounds very, very much like mine. Mine is low porosity, as a stylist told me; she also recommended using fewer products rather than more. 

Your long length is probably weighing it down and stretching out the waves, so a trim should help, if you’re open to it. Honestly it’s just exceedingly difficult to maintain a thick head of tangle-free hair without silicones… I’m still trying to figure it out."
theoracleofdreams,sax7ke,"Cantu curl cream may not be conditioning enough for your hair, and I tried to google its ingredients and its showing as a cream styler, so that may not be giving you any conditioning. Also, Cantu weighs my hair down as its too moisturizing. Try the conditioner version of the Maui Shampoo you're using, I've heard good things about it.

I would also look up proper techniques for Squish to Condish. I thought my conditioner wasn't doing jack, until I realized I needed to STC properly to get it to work and detangling became a breeze after that.

ETA: Also its a crapshoot of trying to decide if you need protein or moisture. When I first started my journey, I needed protein as moisture just weighed my hair down, now 6 months in, I need more moisture than protein. Currently, when I use more moisture, my hair gets curlier, whereas when I first started, putting protein in my hair gave me more curls.

But the float test isn't a great test for hair. If your hair is a certain length, water displacement can give you a false result (think of a bug walking across water, same thing can happen to hair). What I would do is get a fine spray mister and spritz your hair, if you hair beads with water and doesn't absorb quickly, you have low porosity hair, if you spritz and the water absorbs quickly, you have high porosity hair."
-germanisette-,sawb4f,"There is no undoing any tangle with a brush. If there is one particular area with a visible knot, you can undo it, then wet the strand(s) and apply a bit of gel, basically locally do your routine on one or two strands. If the hair is generally knotty, but still looks good, you just live with the knots."
linsdey_linsdey,sawb4f,"How to de-tangle dry, second day waves?&&&&&&I am brand new to this process and have only been applying products for a few days. I am
Not sure what my curl pattern is, but my hair is very fine and not very thick. So far, I wash and shampoo as usual with Pureology shampoo and Keracolor conditioner, about 2x a week, then flip my head in the shower adding a small amount of OGX curl cream, Eva NYC Mane Magic and a good amount of Miss Jessica’s Jelly Curls. I squish upside down to get everything super saturated then flip and apply Not Your Mother’s Curl Activating Mousse. Then I plop for 20-30 minutes and diffuse upside down on low until it is as dry as I can get it and then let it air dry the rest of the way. My hair takes a very long time to dry. Once dried completely, I use a small amount of Hawk hair oil to scrunch the crunch. This leaves me with a nice wave but after sleeping (with my hair in a pineapple) my hair is very tangled. Before CGM I would always brush my hair in the morning but doing that now brushes out all of me waves! Today I tried to spray with a leave in conditioner and gently comb the tangles but my hair is frizzy and still pretty tangled. Help please!"
whit_flinn,sawb4f,"If you’re going to brush in the morning I do not recommend adding leave in. If anything start from bottom and go super slow on dry hair. If you have mouse in though it’s gonna take a bit. 

My hair is fine 2a and tangly as well. For myself if I have product in I generally will either leave it alone or gently gently brush through, spray with water and scrunch. But I usually only do this if I have gel or cream products in my hair. Mouse is great but it’s horrible for tangles, generally gives me more tangled then just gel will. However if you brush out mouse it gives me a ton of volume. 

I’d try leaving your hair alone for a bit in the morning 10-20 see if it settles at all. If you have some tangles gently comb through dry and spray to reset clumps. 

You would have had to completely soak your hair and add conditioner to get tangles completely out without hurting your hair. Hair is much more vulnerable when wet or damp."
Emarieexd,sav06z,I would recommend using something like Olaplex or the Curlsmith Bond Curl Rehab Salve (I’d go with this more than Olaplex due to price for amount that you get) and see if it helps rebuild damaged bonds. Get a little trim and stay away from harsh shampoos and heat for a while and deep condition more.
Ok_Spite6846,sav06z,"Does heat damage take awhile to show up sometimes? Could it be my new products? Read the comments for my details.&&&&&&Thank you! It sucks because my big wedding is in the summer and I wanted it styled again but I don’t think my curls can handle any more heat. I have only had my hair straightened twice in 3 years.&&&I had my hair straightened for my elopement four weeks ago. My hair dresser did it four days before the event. Of course, the next day my hair got wet from the rain and I needed a touch up so I went to another girl. She used an Argon oil infused straightener and she refused to put any thing on it to protect it. I also asked for low heat but my hair felt wicked hot and it straightened way to fast ( stick straight). My hair smelt funny but I couldn’t tell if it was the Aron oil or burnt hair. My hair was wicked soft after and I didn’t see any split ends or signs of damage. I left it alone for a week and I only saw a few split ends toward the end of the week.  Once a washed it my hair felt softer then normal without using any conditioner. Well, I decided to do my research and try new curly girl products. I used what’s in the picture. I hated the It’s Not Your Mother’s products and I have used the Biolage deep conditioner treatment three times. I have seen a lot of breakage in the last 2 weeks so I decided to go through my hair four days ago. I didn’t notice a whole lot of damage/ white ends/ breakage besides in one spot. Well today I had to take a deep breath because my hair looks like those photos throughout my whole head of hair. Is it my new products or the heat?"
disguised_hashbrown,sav06z,"If I’m not mistaken, too much protein added to your hair could cause it to look crispy and damaged. The “Not Your Mother’s” line has rice protein in it, I’m pretty sure. 

Honestly, if I were you, I would brush it out to feel the texture, clarify my hair, put a mask on it that *only* moisturizes (no protein), and let it air dry."
midnightpanic,sav06z,"I highly doubt this kind of damage is from products. I’m thinking it’s from the heat from getting your hair done especially since you mentioned smelling a burning sensation during the process. At this point, I would recommend getting a cut/trim to rid all the split ends before they move higher up the hair shaft"
CapDistinct1423,sau8tj,Best gel recommendations for reducing frizz?&&&I think in general I have 2c hair. Just looking for recommendations on gels for hair that gets frizzy easily. Thanks!&&&thank you
WeAreStarless,sau8tj,"my favourite gels are aussie instant freeze, chi infra gel and jessicurl spiralicious"
holo0000,sau8tj,"Frizz control is about how strong of a gel you are using but it’s also about how wet your hair is when you put it in and how it dries. I like to scrunch, finger roll some pieces that are wonky, then air dry or diffuse but the most important thing is to not touch it. Once all the way dry I break the cast from the gel by scrunching"
tea_and_infamy,sanx7v,"Seconding applying products when wet and trying gel. I would also suggest trying to diffuse after plopping instead of only air drying since the weight of the water can elongate waves (try plopping for 20-30 minutes then diffusing until 90% dry, when 100% dry scrunch out the gel cast). Good luck! :)"
yeetskeeteatmyfeet,sanx7v,"help? i’ve tried a couple different things in my routine and this is the most success i’ve had in a while&&&&&&i usually try to wash my hair about 2-3 times a week. when i wash, i always use hask’s nourishing sulfate free shampoo, but only massaged into my scalp and then immediately rinsed. i use two conditioners focused on my ends, hask’s nourishing and a suave leave-in. i let them soak for about 10 minutes and then rinse thoroughly. today i dried my hair with an old t-shirt and plopped for about an hour after the wash. i re-plopped because the t-shirt was soaking wet, and then let my hair air dry to about 90%. i used hask’s curl definition cream and scrunched it through my hair. any advice on products or routine is appreciated"
HonestlyRespectful,sam0vj,"What were you using before when it was nice? Try going back to that. Cgm doesn't work for many, especially wavies."
_go_gu_rt_,sam0vj,my hair was so dry until I tried the raw sugar moisture smoothie conditioner. I have 2a hair and it doesn't weigh it down. the amount of moisture it gives my hair is insane.
forevermediumm,sam0vj,Are you using any products with protein at all?
lauzie_798,sam0vj,Hair never feels moisturized&&&Hi everyone! I have wavy 2A hair which is very frizzy. Earlier it used to be really smooth and never used to tangle but it's the complete opposite now. Dunno what went wrong. I thought it's because my hair lacks moisture but no conditioner works for me. Am i applying it wrong? My hair still feels dry after letting conditioner sit on my hair for half an hour. Help please!&&&I used to use kerastase earlier. Yeah I'm so bummed though&&&Thank you! I'll try out a more nourishing conditioner. I'm scared to use thicker products because they might weigh down my hair. Struggles of being wavy-haired&&&Haven't tried protein at all. I have low porosity hair so didn't know which protein product to use or if protein would work for me. Do you have any suggestions?
