index,id,comments
CeJetske,smhmsf,"I need help with my frizzy 2B hair!!&&&So here is a little background on me I am 15M with type 2B hair I'm not sure if this is exact but I know for sure it's in the type 2 range. I have been trying to bring my curls alive but I keep running into the same problem my hair becomes frizzy all the time. Today after I used shampoo and conditioner It was curly and then within like 4-5 hours the curls were just gone and my hair was super frizzy. So if anyone could recommend products that can keep my hair from being frizzy and keep my curls alive that would be super helpful. Lastly, if you have questions on products or other stuff just ask in the replies and I will do my best to reply so you can help me Reddit. Also, I know I said the last thing if you want to see a picture I might send a picture later of what my hair looks like.&&&I dont use any of those but yes i will try them i will try to give an update on how it goes"
Sagnetskylab,smhmsf,"Do you use any styling products (curl cream, mousse, gel) or a leave in? If not, try one of those."
Uzzij,smg72i,2B waves!
WarriorOfLight83,smg72i,"Switch to sulfate-free shampoo, they are good but there is still a lot of frizz, which you can solve if you follow the CGM."
drunk-of-water,smg72i,"Is my wavy looking any good? I am a guy. Do you think is more like an 2A or 2B ? 2 years of growing long hair.&&&&#x200B;

https://preview.redd.it/nxchitb70cg81.jpg?width=1187&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=39facd40363542ee5c2b9bca336632c938863f3c&&&tks&&&thank you very much!!&&&thank you very much!! It means a lot.&&&Yeah, I have trouble handling frizz.

I already go sulfate-free, but I don't maintain a rigid cycle of caring and I probably should.

I'll take a look at CGM, thanks you very much! I rather not to do 'no poo' tho. I'll keep the 'low poo'"
golden_sun4,smg72i,Looking great!! I also think 2B!
susaneec,smg72i,2B at this point.  Really good looking head of hair.
NJbeaglemama,smexei,"I do ACV rinses when my hair is just impossible to style and needs a hard reset. They can be very drying if done too often and if not diluted properly. I did an ACV rinse for the first time about 3 months ago and still feel like my hair is in good condition. I don’t have a set schedule for ACV rinses, but I think I could go as long as 6 months between them. I clarify my 2B/2C hair bi-weekly though."
Snuskanin,smexei,"Do i need to use an acv rinse if i clarify regularly?&&&I use a clarifying shampoo about once every 2 weeks because my hair gets greasy and heavy. But I heard a lot of people talk about acv rinse and you should do it to remove buildup. 
So my question is: should i use acv rinse when I’m already using clarifying shampoo? Would it make a difference if i also used acv rinse?


Routine:
I wash my hair every 2 or 3 days with as i am dry and itchy scalp shampoo. 
I use the garnier aloe vera hair food and detangle my hair with the wet brush.
Sometimes i also use the giovanni LA hold styling gel.
Then i plop for 30 minutes and air dry.&&&Thank you!&&&Okay, then I will not use it unless my hair becomes impossible to style. Thank you for the response!&&&Thank you:)"
blckrainbow,smexei,"You don't really need to, the clarifying shampoo takes care of removing build-up."
holo0000,smexei,Clarifying shampoo works best on product buildup and somewhat on protein buildup and some brands are good for hard water buildup. ACV rinse is good for protein buildup and hard water buildup.
magzaa,smeeu6,"Scalps get dry and flaky before my hair needs a wash - tips to keep things moisssttt? I don't think it's dandruff. Looking for homemade, DIY solutions!&&&My issue is that, during winter, my scalp gets a little dry and flaky before my hair needs a wash. I'm looking for ways to keep my scalp moisturized until I want to wash my hair. I'm simple, I'm frugal, I hate consumerism, so I use things that serve multiple purposes in the home, and you'll see that reflected in my routine below. I'm looking for, like, your grandmother's tip and tricks rather than specialty products.

I've got fine, low porosity, virgin waves. My hair is healthy and soft and well-hydrated, and my skin overall leans oily. My hair can go 3-4 days between washes. I never brush it, just comb in the shower. I live in a swampy, humid part of the southern US and my hair  (+ skin!) absolutely loves it, but the winter is a bit less rainy and I get that sweet, sweet seasonal dryness. I'm pretty confident it's not dandruff, just dry scalp. Even if it is proper dandruff, honestly it's not bad enough for me to go see a professional about. Outside of winter, I don't have any issues with dry scalp.

My routine, generally:

Wash day: I mix up aloe vera gel + tea tree oil and massage into my scalp and let sit for at least 30 minutes. Depending on what my hair needs, I then wash using diluted castile soap, or plain water, or baking soda (if I have buildup). I scrub my scalp gently but firmly using the pads of my fingers or a massager brush thing. If I'm baking soda-ing, I use extra aloe vera and coat all my hair before washing. I rarely use baking soda during the winter. After washing, I use an ACV rinse mixed with more tea tree oil and comb to detangle. I let it air dry. I don't use any products after getting out of the shower because I've never found a product or method that makes my hair look wavier or more voluminous than using nothing and letting it air dry.

If my hair needs moisture, it benefits from a little shea butter but definitely not coconut oil. If my hair needs protein, an egg wash has always done the trick.

At night, I pineapple and wrap with a silk scarf. I just take my hair down in the morning and it looks fine. No products or brushing or touchups or anything.

My routine serves my hair well all year, and my scalp well for 3 seasons. Just dang winter! I don't want to wash more frequently because I know that will just make things drier in the long run. I'm planning to buy a boar bristle brush (after a decade brushless!!) to work my scalp out right before a wash. I've not been great about drinking water lately, so I am making a big effort to get my water intake back up, which should help. The aloe + tea tree I already use def help. Any other tips or tricks or recipes for homemade solutions?

(this is the longest thing I've ever reddit-ed, phew)"
mediocreravenclaw,smeeu6,"Honestly it sounds like your scalp would really benefit from a proper shampoo. A lot of the ingredients you listed are known to cause scalp dryness, which is probably causing your flaking especially considering you don’t use conditioner. [Baking soda](https://www.healthline.com/health/beauty-skin-care/baking-soda-hair#:~:text=In%20general%2C%20baking%20soda%20is,conditioner%20to%20moisturize%20the%20scalp.) is abrasive, the pH is way too high and has been known to cause severe breakage and scalp issues. Similarly, ACV could be helpful if someone has hair that is naturally more alkaline due to damage, or someone with oily hair or dandruff. However, it can also be very drying especially when used too often. Your scalp is skin, and ACV is an acid. While using acids on your skin can really improve the condition, overuse them and you risk over-exfoliating the skin which can cause dryness and flakes. Castile soap is often praised for being “chemical free” (not true. Everything is chemicals) but that doesn’t make it gentle. It’s known to leave a film due to the minerals, which can be causing buildup that ACV is not strong enough to remove. It also has a pH of 8.9 which is very high, compared to a well formulated shampoo which should be the same pH as the scalp which is 5.5. 

It is great to have a low consumerism shampoo, but using products that are not formulated for hair/scalp care is going to come with drawbacks. It sounds like even though your hair may like this routine your scalp doesn’t, and scalp care is the most important. It may be worth considering changing your routine. There are low/no waste options such as shampoo and conditioner bars which are becoming more mainstream. Some of them are actually formulated very well, and you can certainly find recommendations on this sub by searching."
01010011x,sme4s0,I really like Botanika’s The Enhancer Mousse. It’s light and doesn’t have as much hold as a gel would - but does help a lot with frizz and wave definition. Most importantly it doesn’t make my hair feel sticky or stiff or product-y (I hate the feeling of styling products). It actually feels like there isn’t anything in my hair if I’ve done a good job of making sure it was evenly applied and scrunched out as needed.
Alilme,sme4s0,What gel do you use for fine hair?
Best-Words,sme4s0,"Definitely mousse! Lighter is better for me, even though I have medium thick hair"
FishnetsandChucks,sme4s0,"I *just* discovered yesterday that mousse is significantly better for my hair than gel. I had been using leave in conditioner, curl cream, and gel and it left my hair feeling really heavy and tacky. It would really irritate my scalp as well, which I was think was because like you, I have very long, all one length hair as well. If I skipped the gel, my hair felt way better and didn't hurt, but my curls would drop by the end of the day. I swapped out gel for mousse that a friend gave me and it was a game.changer. Herbal Essences Totally Twisted Curl Boosting Mousse is the mousse I used."
Raven_Em,sme4s0,"Mousse versus gel. Which is better if you had to pick one?&&&I’ve decided to try and tame my wavy hair more. For years I’ve been using anti frizz products but that’s about it. I absolutely hate it when my hair feels heavy, stiff, etc. Basically how your hair feels with hairspray, gel, mousse, etc. before you scrunch it out. 

I want to try adding mousse or gel to my routine. My hair is very long, all one length, and very thick. Normally I add in the my anti frizz product when damp and then braid it to help get more even waves. 

Should I try adding in a mousse or a gel? Any recommendations? Something not too heavy or extreme that I can scrunch out easily. I would also like to continue to braid my hair for the waves (braiding is big in my culture so I often have it this way if it’s not down) so a product that works well with that is preferred!"
Wavyhaircare,sme4s0,"My takeaway from reading this is that your main goal is to have your hair feel soft/natural not 'crunchy'. If that's correct, I think you'd probably be happier with mousse than gels, as mousses are usually lighter. In particular, I'd recommend cake brand mousse. It leaves my hair feeling closer to product-free than any other mousse or gel that I've tried. 

As far as braiding, I'd recommend that you wash your hair, use your mousse and let it air dry (or diffuse it) to 100% dry before braiding it. I think it could be a bad idea to have mousse (or gel) in your wet hair when braiding it as it may take a *really* long time to dry that way, and your hair staying wet too long can be bad for it."
kgberton,sme4s0,"Gel for sure. My hair is fine, so my curls are fragile, and I need stronger hold. Others find that gel is too heavy so it weighs their hair down, so everyone's different."
vent1te,sme4s0,"Gel. depending on which gel of course! Some are lighter and easier to sotc than others. I currently use either the Aussie Instant Freeze or the Herbal Essences Totally Twisted Mousse and from experience, the mousse didn’t really provide the same good hold as the gel for me :(("
pepperminty88,smdcw7,"If i like JVN nurture line I'll like&&&I got the little trial kit of the shampoo, conditioner, mask and air dry creme from sephora. Best wash day so far BUT I'm not a fan of the multiple different scents. What's something similar to this available in Canada?"
10MileHike,smbcoi,"It does indeed look healthier and there is a shine to it now.  Also like the way you split your conditioning into 2 sections, with the richer one on the ends.   I also think you have found correct products for your hair."
Chloebugs,smbcoi,"The difference 3 years can make!&&&&&&I got a haircut today and thought it was a good time to make a progress post.

Pic #3: 2019, my hair was breaking off at the ends and super dry and frizzy. I thought my hair was straight and used heat every time I washed to straighten out the random kinks and frizz 

Pic #2: 2020, I cut all of it off in an attempt to make it a little healthier, fell asleep with wet hair one night and woke up with little waves 

Pic #1: 2022 (today) after 2 years of buying far too many products and spending far too much time reading about and experimenting with my hair. Now its healthier than ever and I can’t find a single split end!

Type: 2a

Porosity: Medium

Density: Medium

Texture: Fine

(Winter) Routine:
- Shampoo x2 with aveeno fresh green blends 
- Condition scalp to mid length w/ Giovanni smooth as silk and mid lengths to ends with shea moisture Manuka honey conditioner, detangle 
- scrunch in nym curl talk cream and blueberry bliss curl control jelly with lots of water
- hover diffuse (low heat) until mostly dry then regular diffuse (no heat)
- pray my bangs dry normally

(Edited to add details)&&&Yes its been a loooong ride to get here - I pretty much have grown out my hair completely since that first picture, it was just too damaged to bring back so I had to wait until I could cut it all off to see actual results&&&Hahaha go blue!!&&&Thank you! Its so much healthier now. I usually just use the one conditioner but I live in a very cold dry place and the winter has been brutal on my waves"
KaityB33,smbcoi,"This gives me hope, I just started three weeks ago and have been struggling with knowing what products and techniques to try.  Your hair is gorgeous 😍"
dogebuns,smbcoi,"do you think the only way to achieve waves like this is by using a diffuser?   


I've always been unsure about it because it seems like it'd be a lot of time and maybe even damaging to my hair ... ? what are your thoughts?"
golden_sun4,smbcoi,"This gives me hope that my split ends will stop after I get my hair healthier!! I honestly don’t know how I was damaging it before, aside from treating it like straight hair and dry brushing. Maybe that’s all it takes lol."
oatbevbran,smbcoi,It looks so healthy. Beautiful progress!
theoracleofdreams,smbcoi,Oh and Go Blue!
wifeypoopoo,smbcoi,I’m so glad to see someone else who didn’t see results immediately. I’m a year in and have kinda waves most days 😆 yours is looking gorgeous!
Cuppa_Miki,smaxoz,"If I need smoother hair to look smart, I French braid it damp overnight. When you get the tension right you can kind of lean into your wave pattern reasonably well. It's not strictly following your natural waves, but it's smart and a good comprise when you can't manage a bad hair day."
FabulousFoodHoor,smaxoz,pinning back the front helps a lot.
Hellosl,smaxoz,What do you do for work? My answer is wear your hair as is. I lived in Europe for a while and no one there was that fussy about having perfect hair (or makeup for that matter). I generally don’t wear makeup and even before I started putting product in my hair would wear it however it was. That’s real life. I’m not wasting hours of my life all the time to do my hair to please other people. Honestly f*** other people. My job performance isn’t affected by my appearance.
HyperbolDee,smaxoz,"Look for videos about creating bigger curl clumps. The big “aha” moment for me was figuring out how much water to leave in my hair post-shower. Too much, and the products just slip off.  Too little, and my hair winds up stringy. So like I don’t plop, I generally air dry when possible, and I love sleeping on pineapples hair before I break the cast (I’m a night showered). My waves aren’t pristine, but I get awesome volume and a great natural look with very little effort. 

And if for some reason my hair is having an off day, I still love a big wavy mess of a ponytail."
Irish19c,smaxoz,"Can you advise why it’s not workplace ready? What do you think workplace ready is? Why are blow outs better than this? While it might not be your perfect wave, most of us don’t get perfect hair every day and we still go to work and ate professional. Just some food for thought"
JenniLynn82,smaxoz,"Stop putting so much products in it. Also curlsmith has a detox kit that will clean all the products, pollution, bad water, etc. you will have shine and volume and after the rinse the conditioner you will only need gel or mousse. Us wavy girls weigh our hair down with all the products. Sleep with your hair wrapped and put your gel( if you use that) with soaking wet hair then plop"
Lawwife78,smaxoz,"You might need to leave out the mousse or just test out some other combos of the products. 

But yeah, you’ll probably have some bad hair days and live in updos if you don’t want to show it off. I’m at three months in as of today, and I still don’t have reliably good wash days. And I wash every other day. Some times the day in between is trash. 😂"
Onanadventure_14,smaxoz,Sigh. I just usually throw some waves in with a 1 inch curling iron.
Rommie557,smaxoz,"Braids, buns, and other protective styles are going to be your friend here. The key is to do them loosely, so you don't pull out the waves.

It might also be time to level up your styling techniques. If you havent already, give the Denman brush and the bowl method a try. They are both excellent tools to add to your wavy styling repitiore."
SoundSerendipity,smaxoz,Your hair looks way better than mine and I go to everything with my hair down!
Sweettofew,smaxoz,You can do heatless curls with the silk curlers just to stay away from the heat and kind of train your hair :)
TinyViolet48,smaxoz,Half updos look great when you have a little texture! Even something simple like pulling the front back in braids or adding a cute clip is my go to when my curls aren’t behaving
a_girl,smaxoz,"I felt the same! When I was blow drying and straightening my hair it was consistent and didn’t take a lot of effort. Long and wavy—who knows what you’ll get. For me, I felt like I didn’t have a “hairdo,” so I went to get it cut to shoulder length and it’s SO much better. I feel way more polished, and it’s still wavy."
blckrainbow,smaxoz,How about day 1 like this and day 2 in a bun/some kind of updo to hide the stringiness/frizziness?
caterpillargo,smaxoz,"I was worried about this when I first started CGM, but even though my hair was not remotely healthy at the start and tbh was a bit of a mess (not like yours), I got lots of compliments at work - maybe because people weren't used to seeing wavy hair so much or maybe just because it was different! So I say go for it & rock your hair just as it is. Anyway, it looks lovely!"
cobaltandchrome,smaxoz,Wear it in a pretty clip boom workplace ready and you can still see all the waves
dontusuallydothisbut,smaxoz,Thanks for sharing! I am in the exact same boat as you and I'm comforted knowing I'm not alone. I never knew that changing my hair styling routine would bring up so many feelings for me 😂 hope you found a good solution that you're comfortable with. I'll be searching for my own solution until I return to in person work next month.
hazardzetforward,smaxoz,Cute headbands were a lifesaver during transition.
ikilledmyplant,smaxoz,"French braid or half up-do could work well. Both look like a ""do"" without needing unwanted products or heat."
la_jirafa888,smaxoz,"I know I’m not supposed to use heat, but I add a couple wand curls around my face and top layer for a more polished look."
leeggoeggo,smaxoz,Confused as to why your hair isn’t workplace ready.
madeanaccount4baby,smaxoz,"Half up half down with a low placed claw clip. Go for a clip that’s simple, quality, and understated and it will look put together."
oatbevbran,smaxoz,I’m curious: What kind of workplace will you be returning to—and why would your natural hair texture be less-than-desirable there? Your hair is pretty and clearly well-cared-for.
panu7,smaxoz,One of the best things that has come out of the pandemic is that I have quit wearing makeup to work! Saves me time and money! (And I'm oldish and have a public-facing job.)
pies3-14159,smaxoz,"I think your hair looks great as is but I totally get the day 2 hair isn't what you are loving at the moment. I think someone else suggested it but it's also what I do. Wear my 'good' (my personal definition of what feels good to me) hair on day 1 and however long it lasts, then on less then stellar day 2-3 hair I clip some of it back (for your hair maybe half up half down, or a clip pulling some side bits back), and then on last day I can really get aways with before washing putting it fully up (you have a lot of length so maybe a bun, braid, or pony). You may know your hairstyle cycle (down, partial down, fully up) but I guarantee you no one else would ever realize the pattern to your wash day/hair styles."
theiafall,smaxoz,"I get that looking nice and put together for
work is important, but no one’s natural hair texture is ‘unprofessional’"
windowc4t,smaxoz,"Going back to the office a month into my wavy journey. I’ve been able to hide at home thus far but this hair is NOT workplace-ready. What do you do to make it look nicer for work? Feeling like I’ll need to go back to blowouts.&&&&&&Yikes. I wasn’t expecting this to become a discussion about hair texture or what is or isn’t professional-looking, so I apologize to anyone who is offended. It’s just not how I feel comfortable in a professional setting. I’m still getting used to the change in my own hair and learning to understand its moods. I’m probably more sensitive and more likely to criticize my own hair right now.&&&My solution was kinda… going for it? It doesn’t look great but it’s a work in progress! Luckily I don’t go into the office EVERY day. But I do fight feelings of just blowing it out and wearing it straight pretty much every time I wash.&&&Details are included on my photo. Day 1 looks… ok… but by day 2 it’s NOT looking professional. Am I doomed to up-do purgatory until I can tame this mess?"
2boredtocare,sma881,"I'm fairly lazy about my hair.  I've found that the products I use make a world of difference, so I've upped my game there (currently use Ouidad and Innersense).  I'm using Kenra mousse, but I don't think the high price makes it any better than the Cake mousse I was using before.  I have found that having salt pellets in the water softener = better hair.   So I make sure to keep that full.  
And finally, I diffuse if I want good waves/curls.  I can plop for hours and end up with ""meh"" hair; throw the diffuser on it and I get great results.  I've found that high heat (unfortunately) works better than medium, so I hit it fast and hard.  

All in all, the biggest pain in the rear is the time to diffuse, which is 10-15 minutes."
Aldrel_TV,sma881,"anything more than 5 minutes out of shower lol i will apply some stuff to help protect my hair, some sea salt spray and then i let it air dry. ill apply some hair oil after its completely air dried to help tame the frizz but thats literally all ill do nowadays lol"
Blackrainbow2013,sma881,"Your hair looks gorgeous!! 

That said, as a fellow wavy haired girl, I've tried to put in the effort and I've either A ) failed miserably time and time again or B.) Just straight up do not have the energy to do this 😂 I've got a waver iron, curling irons and other various tools that my lazy self will use instead 😂 But seriously, period to you for going through all of that, because truly, your hair is enviable! 😍&&&Also, I have to say that I LOVE the look your little furry critter is making in the before picture 😂"
CulturalJob8913,sma881,"Sometimes on a refresh day I’ll go in and use a curling iron on my looser top layers on the possible lowest setting, or maybe just a little around the front. I do have to go to work most days and that’s what works to get me out the door!&&&Such an interesting study! Thank you for sharing.  Who would’ve thought that keeping the hair wet for two hours or more would’ve resulted in damage!"
Fatass445,sma881,Ronda rousey?
Honest_Extension_249,sma881,"I do my wash day, then I put in a cream to keep my ends well protected in my hideous new England climate. Then I do flip-coat-scrunch with a hard hold gel, use a microfiber towel to scrunch out excess water, plop overnight. In the morning all I have to do is break the gel cast, fluff out my roots, and maybe spot fix the occasional wonky curl. It sounds like a lot, but now that I do it like this, my hair lasts longer and I spend less active time doing all the styling stuff."
Mysterious_Arm5969,sma881,I can’t put in that kind of work. I just don’t care enough. But your hair looks fantastic!
charleyrose_chuck,sma881,"It’s so cute but it’s SO much work! What’s the limit to the work you’ll put into it? After—>before&&&&&&I hadn’t used cgm in many months but wanted to wear my hair wavy yesterday so I followed this routine:
Wash & condition in shower (squish to condish); after shower I applied to sopping wet hair: Aussie sprunch mousse followed by Aussie instant freeze gel; plopped in a microfiber towel for two hours before letting it air dry and scrunching it out with some hair oil…I then slept with it in a low ponytail and a satin cap, and woke up to refresh it by applying a little more gel with water, plopping a few minutes, letting it dry and scrunching it out with oil to get todays look shown above. My refreshed hair always tends to be curlier, frizzier, and more volumized than my wash day waves.&&&Facts!!&&&Thank you!! And I definitely usually go for the heat curls when I want to get texture too! I’ve been wondering if I keep this routine up for long enough if it will come easier… 😂&&&She’s too cute 🥲"
halvsian,sma881,"I probably take less than 5 mins from washing to air drying.

I just wash and condition - no squish to condish, just rub shampoo onto my scalp, rinse, detangle with conditioner, rinse. Then when I step out of the shower, I rake in some leave-in conditioner, squeeze out excess water with a t-shirt, and squish in some foam and air-dry. And that's it.

For sleep, I cover my pillow with a silk scarf. If I do refresh (which isn't often because my hair survives the night just fine), I use a mist of water and maybe a little bit more foam scrunched in.

The only time I put more effort in is if I plan on using a hard-hold gel because I'm attending several events in a row and dealing with humidity and heat (that means I'm using a diffuser, a silk cap, etc). Otherwise, it's a normal fast wash and squishing in foam.

Plopping does nothing for me - and I worry it damages my hair more ([research shows that the longer your hair stays wet, it can actually cause more damage](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3229938/)). Too much product just either weighs my hair down or makes it hard to break the cast. And I'd rather be chill about my hair than stressed."
leesto88,sma881,I tried plopping for the first time yesterday and it was a huge mess. 12 hours I had my hair wrapped and it was still wet iron top. The curls were jagged and uneven.
miss_speck,sma881,"Honestly, unless I’ve got an event, I embrace the frizz and the gentler waves, and just wash, detangle, squish, leave-in, plop for about 20 mins and air-dry. I love my chunkier/more robust waves but it’s not worth the extra routine/drying time for an everyday look"
myrina27,sma881,When I am at home I put more effort into it. Leave in gel in to plopping etc.  But if I've got work then I'll add a bit either ouai wave spray or leave in conditioner. Let it air dry that leaves me nice beach like waves.
themoonsaidyes,sma881,"Lazy: no styling products and just accept my fate of flat hair
Semi-motivated: 15 minutes or so with some mousse
Motivated: 30 some minutes using gel and really giving my hair the care it deserves

Let's just say I've slowly gone from motivated to semi-motivated to lazy during this pandemic 😂 The one thing that will really motivate me to actually style my hair is that my hair doesn't get as gross quickly. I might do a semi-motivated style today now that I'm thinking about it 😅

Edit: I've done CGM for 2 years now, and I will say over time as my hair has gained curly memory, the amount of time I put in has gone down for the same results as a year ago. I can't believe I was content with spending more than 30 min last year to not got as good results 😱"
whit_flinn,sma881,"I do exactly that, do the work when you want but not all the time... most days now I do shampoo and conditioner leave in and that’s it! Then when I want to do the whole shabang... but it really doesn’t work for me to do it all the time for my body my sanity and other reasons including time management!"
JovialTomato,sm9dor,Omg this is my hair. To a T. I hope we figure it out!
Kynykya4211,sm9dor,"I have two thoughts but they’re from my own experience and you’ll have to experiment to see if they may be applicable to you. Also, I have fine low density med/high porosity hair. 

1. When I use a product with glycerin or propylene glycol in it during weather with high and low dew points, my hair appears greasy. Even if I just washed it. 

2. Using products with protein not only increased my curl patterns but also increased their longevity. 

Best of luck to you!"
Sufficient-Test-8939,sm9dor,"Try an old t-shirt instead of the microfiber towel. I can't get my hair as dry, but it's a lot less tangled!"
audreytulpa,sm9dor,"I have pretty much the same hair, fine wavy like 2a to 2c. I use bounce curl wavy line right now and inner sense I create volume. It is much lighter than other gels; my stylist called it a lotion. Protein treatments have been great for my hair! Basically avoiding too many oils or butters because my hair just hangs no matter how much I use. I plop with a t-shirt and when I get the chance I diffuse."
jpcatter,sm9dor,"#advice #finewavyhair&&&I have been wearing my wavy hair for about 2 years now and if I had to pick on the chart it would be about 2a and 2b, maybe even 2c on the bottom, underneath my more damaged top with a rather large section in front that’s completely straight at the bottom with a frizzy curl at the root! Lol it’s fun. When really sweaty and humid I get great ringlets at the base of my neck and by my ears. About a year ago I cut off like 6 inches of colored hair to see if that would change anything and it hasn’t. A few months ago I got a curly cut. 
My hair is low density and I’m really unsure of porosity because I have features of both, gets wet easily, takes forever to dry (I could wash at night and wake up 8 hours later and it would still be wet), gets weighed down extremely easy, extremely easy so much that I can only use one product. Waves fall out when I sleep so next day refreshes are impossible, and I’ve tried them all. I don’t know if it’s in the cards for me. I’ve been trying to train my hair to be less greasy but still no styling can actually happen. 
I’m not at all bothered with CGM or not so I’m fine with sulfates (because typically the sulfates used in shampoo are the more gentle ones, I’ve researched cosmetic chemist opinions on this) so with all that being said are there any routine suggestions or product suggestions for someone who can’t use more than one product but wants some definition? I get wet frizz as well but can’t use hydrating products because I get so weighed down. Also the microfiber towels for drying hair makes it SO dry and tangly!&&&Generally I use volume shampoos and conditioners because others are too heavy so that shouldn’t be the issue.&&&Also, I’ve never heard of that product! I’ll look into that, thank you!&&&It is a STRUGGLE.&&&Yep, already do that one!&&&I’ve seen the Bounce products all over but didn’t want to take the plunge if I could get something locally. I’ve been using Aussie Gel; can’t use gels or butters. My husband uses that blue gel but it’s too heavy for me. I’ll look into some protein treatments! Thank you. 🙂"
theoracleofdreams,sm9dor,"This, and when I style anything, I try to have it between dripping wet and regular wet. That seems to be my perfect combo, I'll add more water to my hair as I""m styling too.

Another thing that has changed my hair in the last few months was learning how to properly squish to condish. Like getting the hair properly conditioned and adding water as needed and letting it sit for a few minutes before rinsing out 70% of it and squishing while rinsing and adding more water in before I plop (which is just to get my hair out of the way while I towel dry off (I bathe while washing my hair too) so approx 10 minutes, then start the styling process, adding water in as needed.

ETA Some conditioners I purchased that I felt didn't do anything and cast aside are now back in rotation due in part to me learning how to properly STC."
whit_flinn,sm9dor,Orange marmalade eco slay is my holy grail one product (2a fine low porosity) . If you can’t add products find the leave in or curl cream product for you... My hair looks windy different depending on my shampoo and con. And I’m still figuring it out... I will say that for awhile I was over moisturizing my hair and it made it look oily and dirty because the products I was using were just too heavy.
Affectionate-Mind427,sm97bq,So pretty!
AlyE1994,sm97bq,"August 2021➡️ February 2022&&&&&&Washed today with Fanola no yellow shampoo, conditioned with shea moisture protein power treatment, brushed with a wet brush in shower. On soaking wet hair applied Kristen Ess leave in curl cream, uncle funkys daughter curly magic, and Kristen ess air dry mousse, micro plopped, then diffused upside down til 90% dry. Air dried the rest and then scrunched with Pattern jojoba oil 🥰"
kiwipompoo,sm7osg,"Results of today's wash versus last time's wash!&&&&&&I'm actually happy with today's wash! I used the Paul Mitchell Awapuhi shampoo and conditioner. Then I used the bounce curl leave in in the shower with soaking wet hair. Then I tried the flip section styling technique for the first time and added Kevin Murphys Body Builder mousse. Then I hover diffused, clipped my roots, and pixie diffused! 
I think I was using too many products before. I'm so happy I'm starting to make progress!!"
Zestyclose-Chef5215,sm552m,Dang looks amazing like it's professionally curled!
golden_sun4,sm552m,"Trying out a new routine! Details in comments…&&&&&&Thank you!! I’ve been really shocked to find that my hair can do this, once I stopped treating it like straight hair 😯and I got tired of scrunching in each product individually so this was the first time I just brushed them all in at the same time. Seemed to work okay! I probably could have gotten more definition if I’d used a mousse but I hate how sticky that makes my hair feel.&&&My hair is fine, high density, and (I think) low porosity. 


—Wet hair, spread in curlsmith bond rehab, stuffed in a shower cap and let it sit for about 30mins


—washed with Tresemé Botanique shampoo


—brushed thorough (then squished to condish) using curlsmith multitasking conditioner 


—let that sit for a few mins doing other shower things, then rinsed that out


—brushed in curlsmith air dry leave in conditioner 


—brushed in l’ange curl defining cream


—brushed in Camille Rose curl maker jelly 


—squished all of that in my sopping wet hair all at the same time. Added a little more water. Kept scrunching until I had good curl clumps. 


—plopped for about 10 mins


—diffused (pixie and hover) until dry because I had to go to bed, otherwise I would have let it air dry 


—plopped into my satin sleep cap and slept on it


—was messy in the morning. Sprayed in some water and scrunched a bit with a tiny bit of oil on my hands until it was more orderly. This is the result!"
JovialTomato,sm459n,This is common with wavy hair. Getting a layered haircut helps prevent it. Also keeping hair healthy - as dry hair will puff out like that.
Schatzielein,sm459n,Ponytail?
Sharp-Analysis-7736,sm459n,"Why does my hair puff at the bottom? (Pic of 13 yr old me)&&&&&&Been trying out the CGM, and so far my hair has stopped poofing too much. It now only does that when I don’t do anything to my hair. Thank you, I’ll consider getting some layers.&&&Weirdly enough, I’ve never worn a ponytail in my life. But usually hair does end up wonky after putting it up.&&&Hair used to puff up at the bottom that made it hard to brush in the past, so I cut it short to see what happens when I grow it long again."
ChemE611,sm2f6u,"When my hair kind of looked like this, it was lacking in moisture, but I do have pretty thick hair and I have not bleached my hair before. 

Some things I'd look into for your situation:

\- hair needing protein vs. moisture (for example, maybe non-protein leave-in conditioner would helpful if needing moisture or a gelatin treatment if needing protein). some googling can help figure out which better suits your current hair needs.

\- check out naturalfrecklesandcurls and swavycurlycourtney on instagram! They may have a more similar hair type and have better tips than I could give.

\- When I've used the herbal essence mousses, they always seem to dry my hair out and get stringy/weird, so I use gels. In case your hair gets weighed down easily by gels, I'd look into foams."
aack9415,sm2f6u,"Plz help me figure this out!&&&&&&Thank you so much! I’d definitely agree that I need some more moisture - and I’ll do some googling regarding protein vs moisture. I appreciate the insight.&&&I do clarify about twice a month. I definitely plan on getting a new shampoo and conditioner after I use this one up - I don’t love it. Thank you for the advice!&&&Wash with Hair One for color treated hair and comb through with wide tooth comb. Then I spray some “it’s a ten” lite leave in condition and squish through my wet hair. 
I get out of the shower with soaking wet hair and flip upside down and apply/smooth a pea size amount of Aussie curl cream through, followed by a golf ball size of herbal essences curl boosting mousse. 
Plop in a turbie twist for a few mins before letting it down and diffusing without touching till 80% dry. Let it dry the rest of the way then scrunch. 

I obviously need a trim, maybe that could help? I want it to be least stringy and better curl definition! Thank you all in advance!

Edited to add that I have some bleach damage, thinner strands but lots of hair. Not sure of porosity&&&Thank you - that’s great advice! I’ll definitely try that technique for my next wash.&&&I don’t have a styling brush at the moment, but am thinking about grabbing one to see if it makes a difference. Thank you!"
cammzilla,sm2f6u,"In addition to addressing any overall hair health issues with moisture/protein, I can tell you that when my hair gets like this, I need to facilitate better clumping. For me, that means frequently re-wetting my hair so that it's totally sopping as I add my products and scrunch my curls squish-to-condish style, sometimes using a Denman brush to help find and shape bigger clumps that would otherwise separate into littler, piecey strands. I really take a minute to shape those clumps into proper spirals too. For some reason when I'm having issues like this, I simply CANNOT style upside down or the clumps will inevitably separate into angular pieces and much of the curl will fall out. I'm not sure why that part happens. But generally, I figure that the reason this routine addresses the problem for me is that squishes more hydration back into the hair shaft. Anyway, I hope maybe some of this helps. Good luck!"
citylightscocktail,sm2f6u,"Have you tried using separate cleanser and conditioner products? The product you mentioned is a 2 in 1 and also contains amodimethicone so you may be getting some buildup and need a clarifying wash.

I find leave-ins to be less heavy than a cream conditioner and your hair may need that extra moisturizing due to the bleach damage."
facewithBANANAS,sm2f6u,"I've got a similar situation to you- my hair is fine, chemically damaged, and needs a trim- so now my wave pattern is even looser and less uniform than it already was. You might want to try out a protein treatment to help make your waves stronger, fine hair tends to need a little extra protein even when it's healthy. If you use something like the aPHogee treatment, make sure to follow up with a good deep conditioner. 

Other than nailing down the protein/moisture balance, I've found that damp styling with a foam (instead of a mousse) really helps to make the most of my texture. I do love my mousses too, but I find that styling on wet hair is more of a gamble now because of how much the water weighs everything down. I usually have the strongest wave pattern after refreshing, you might want to look into the ""wash now, style later"" approach as well."
flarmph,sm2f6u,"have you tried microplopping instead of regular plopping?

*replied to wrong comment 🥲"
palibe_mbudzi,sm2f6u,"Have you experimented with any other styling techniques? Like finger rolling or brush twirling (aka denman styling)? I don't do that kind of curl by curl styling often (it's very time consuming with long, thick hair), but when I really want it to look nice, it sure makes a difference. Could be worth playing with."
wheredidalfgo,sm2f6u,I always get stringy hair when I use mousse. Have not had the same problem since I switched to gel.
Aesthetictoblerone,sm1dr5,"One side of my hair isn’t properly wavy.&&&My hair has always been a mix of wavy and straight, but lately it’s been more wavy, as I use leave in conditioner and generally care more about it. But one side of my hair is straighter than the other, and it really annoys me. It’s still slightly wavy, but compared to my other side it looks bad. Is there any way to help this?&&&I don’t really do anything when I sleep. And the side I sleep on depends on my mood tbh, mostly on my back though. Is there a certain thing to do to my hair when I’m asleep?&&&Thanks sm x"
amaezingjew,sm1dr5,"This is, unfortunately, pretty normal. However, is it on the side you sleep on, and what do you do with your hair when you sleep?"
give-me-any-reason,sm1dr5,i’ve started putting all my hair above my head wrapped loosely in a silk scarf. it preserves more waves on the “bad” side of my hair. i don’t close it fully because otherwise my hair gets wonky shaped but it’s a good method for me preventing this.
KeGeGa,slz1if,"Finding my way, sort of.&&&&&&So I have a lot of fine, low porosity hair. For this wash I used Hask charcoal purifying shampoo for a pre-poo, before steaming it in the shower. Then I used Jessicurl deep conditioning and let that sit, then wash out 90%. For the overall care I applied Briogeo Farewell Frizz and Jessicurl Confident Coils with the bowl method. I finish my hair off with Eco Gel, and then scrunch into an extra large clip that I use to hold my ""curls"" together while I diffuse, this has helped my get the most lift at my roots while not having everything fall from the overall weight of my hair. Finish by scrunching the crunch."
bythewatersofBabylon,sltt29,What everyone thinks of the MIRIBEL Naturals Powerhouse Protein Cream?&&&
ItsMistydots,sls6ht,"Tangles at the very ends of my hair?&&&Hi, I have wavy hair and have been doing the CGM with great success, but I have a mild issue. Every time I comb my fingers through my hair it feels tangled at the very end. Even after thoroughly detangling in the shower, at the very ends of my hair, there’s resistance. It’s like the ends are sticking together. 

What could be causing it and what should I do?&&&Wow I can’t believe it didn’t cross my mind, I got a cut back in November I think? I’m not sure if that’s a long time or not. I used to be someone who only got a cut when I wanted a different hairstyle lol."
PurrSephone1355,sls6ht,"This, and it’s totally fine to brush your hair. Look up brush styling! It’s a whole new world"
Veiledfangirl,sls6ht,Heyy how long has it been since your last haircut? Split ends could be a reason for the tangles!
blckrainbow,sls6ht,Haircut or at least a trim. I always know I need one when my ends get tangled almost right after I've washed and detangled my hair.
echoesofaluminum,sls6ht,"hi!! when you detangle, where do you start? i’ve heard a lot of recommendations to start at the ends of your hair and work your way up toward your scalp rather than trying to do the entire strand at once. it might help w/the tangles!"
